--- Page 1 ---
EUR 3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
of
TDC NET A/S
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Denmark)
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by
TDC NET Holding A/S
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Denmark)
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), TDC NET A/S (“TDC NET” or the
“Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue guaranteed Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”).
The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by TDC NET Holding A/S (“TDC
NET Holding”) (the “Guarantor”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 3,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other
currencies).
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the
Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (as amended, the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”) and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the
“EU Prospectus Regulation”) for the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the EU Prospectus Regulation for the
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the
date hereof. The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the
EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor nor as an endorsement of the quality of any
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this Base
Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking and assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base
Prospectus or the quality and solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor in accordance with the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Pursuant to the Luxembourg Prospectus
Law, the CSSF is not competent to approve prospectuses for the offering to the public or for the admission to trading on regulated markets of money market
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months.
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange’s regulated market. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to
the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”) of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial
instruments. However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor. The relevant Final Terms (as
defined in section 1 below) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange), or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a
prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination of such Notes shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at
the date of issue of the Notes).
This Base Prospectus is valid as a base prospectus under EU Prospectus Regulation for a period of twelve months from 17 May 2022. The obligation to
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that
period.
Each tranche of Notes (a “Tranche”) in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a
permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global
note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common
Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented
by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series.
Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New
Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on
the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”).
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to
the Notes While in Global Form”.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme is rated BBB- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). Fitch is established in the EEA and registered under
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The rating issued by Fitch has been
endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited in accordance with Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Fitch Ratings Limited is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The information on
this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes is
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Fitch. A security rating is not a
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the
Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below.
The Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law
requirements. The Notes and the guarantee thereof may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to,
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) except in certain transactions exempt
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
ARRANGERS
Barclays
HSBC
DEALERS
Bank of China
Barclays
BNP PARIBAS
Helaba
HSBC
ING
Jyske Bank
National Australia Bank Limited
Nykredit
SEB
The date of this Base Prospectus is 17 May 2022

--- Page 2 ---
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus
Regulation.
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base
Prospectus and any Final Terms and declares to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in
this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms is, in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus as
completed by Final Terms makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and
Conditions” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms
(the “Final Terms”). Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).This
Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and
construed together with the relevant Final Terms.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this
Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this
Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or
approved by the CSSF.
The Issuer and the Guarantor have confirmed to the Dealers and Arrangers named under “Subscription
and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus contains all information which (in the context of the
Programme, the issuance, offering and sale of the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) is material; that
such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are
not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact
necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the
Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) not misleading in
any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing.
Certain information in this Base Prospectus, including in the sections “Risk Factors” and “Description of
TDC NET” has been extracted from certain third-party sources. See “Presentation of Financial and Other
Information—Third-party information”. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by such
sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or
misleading.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Note Trustee, the Security Agent or the
Arrangers accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement,
made or purported to be made by a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor,
or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each Dealer, the Note Trustee and the Security Agent accordingly
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above)
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement.
None of the Dealers, the Note Trustee, the Security Agent or the Arrangers have independently verified
the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers, the Note Trustee, the
Security Agent or the Arrangers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor
in connection with the Programme. None of the Dealers, the Note Trustee, the Security Agent or the
Arrangers accept any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection
with the Programme.
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of
the Dealers, the Note Trustee, the Security Agent or the Arrangers.
1

--- Page 3 ---
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers, the Note Trustee,
the Security Agent or the Arrangers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or
the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor or
any of the Dealers, the Note Trustee, the Security Agent or the Arrangers to subscribe for or to purchase
any Notes to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in
such jurisdiction.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is
correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the
same. The Dealers and the Arrangers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or
affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in
Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product Governance
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “EU MiFID II Product
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels
for
distribution
of
the
Notes
are
appropriate.
Any
person
subsequently
offering,
selling,
or
recommending
the
Notes
(a
“distributor”)
should
take
into
consideration
the
target
market
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”) is
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
Product Governance under UK MiFIR
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance
Rules.
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance”
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered,
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/
65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97
(“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as
2

--- Page 4 ---
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered,
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently, no key information
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers which is intended to permit a
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction,
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the
United States, the EEA, and the United Kingdom, see “Subscription and Sale”.
In particular, the Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been, and will not be, registered under the United
States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law
requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates.
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the
“Benchmark Regulation”) If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. However, Article 51 (Transitional provisions) of the Benchmark
Regulation provides that providers of benchmarks that qualify as critical benchmarks or as third country
benchmarks already providing a benchmark on 30 June 2016 had until 31 December 2021 to apply for
authorisation or registration in accordance with Article 34 (Authorisation and registration of an administrator)
of the Benchmark Regulation and, if such application has been made, may continue to provide such an existing
critical benchmark unless and until such authorisation or registration is refused. Similarly, third country
benchmarks already used in the EU prior to 31 December 2023 can continue to be used. Such transitional
provisions and exemptions may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required
3

--- Page 5 ---
to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status
of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration
status of the administrator.
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Sterling Overnight Index Average
(“SONIA”),
the
Secured
Overnight
Financing
Rate
(“SOFR”),
the
Euro
Interbank
Offered
Rate
(“EURIBOR”), the Euro short-term rate (“€STR”), the Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate (“CIBOR”),
the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (“STIBOR”), the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (“NIBOR”), the
Australian Financial Markets Association Bank Bill Swap (“AFMA BBSW”) or the Tokyo Interbank Offered
Rate (“TIBOR”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, such benchmarks being provided by the ICE
Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”), Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA), the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR), the European Money Markets Institute (the “EMMI”),
the European Central Bank (as administrator of €STR), the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility, the Swedish
Financial Benchmark Facility AB, Norske Finansielle Referanser AS, the ASX and the JBA TIBOR
Administration, respectively (together, the “Administrators”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus
(i) EMMI, the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility and the ASX appear and (ii) the other Administrators do
not appear, on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European
Securities Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As far as the
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the
Administrators other than ICE, EMMI the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility and the ASX are not currently
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union or the UK, recognition,
endorsement or equivalence).
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or
amended from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the
Relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on
Recommendations on Investment Products).
PROGRAMME LIMIT
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the
Programme will not exceed EUR 3,500,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another
currency shall be translated into euros at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of
Notes which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be increased from
time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under
“Subscription and Sale”.
RATINGS
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated,
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of
Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the
EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or
(2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in
the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory
purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under
the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not
4

--- Page 6 ---
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.
STABILISATION
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUANCE OF ANY TRANCHE OF THE NOTES, TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY)
NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (THE “STABILISING MANAGER(S)”) (OR ANY
PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILISING MANAGER) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT
A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION
MAY NOT NECESSARILY BE CARRIED OUT. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR
AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER
OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT
MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE
RELEVANT TRANCHE AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT
TRANCHE. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE
RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.
INFORMATION RELATING TO SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes which are categorised as “Sustainability-
Linked Notes”. In such circumstances, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out, or
referred to, in Condition 9 (Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event) and the relevant Final Terms and must
determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with any other investigation such
investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any investment in such Sustainability-Linked Notes and its
suitability also in light of their own circumstances.
In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer has prepared and
published a Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework in May 2022 relating to its sustainability strategy and
targets (the “Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework”) and has requested a provider of second party
opinions, Sustainalytics, to issue a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) in relation to the
Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework.
In addition, in connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer will
engage one or more External Verifiers to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of
providing a Verification Assurance Certificate (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) in
relation to the Sustainability-Linked Notes. The Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework and the Second
Party Opinion are accessible through the Issuer’s website at: www.tdcnet.dk, and any Verification Assurance
Certificates will also be accessible through the Issuer’s website. However any information on, or accessible
through, the Issuer's website and the information in such Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework, Second
Party Opinion or any Verification Assurance Certificates do not constitute or form part of any offer or
invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribefor, any Notes and this Base
Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to
any Sustainability-Linked Notes to be issued under the Programme. In addition, no assurance or
representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Security Group, the
Arrangers, the Dealers or any other member of their respective groups, second party opinion providers
or any External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion,
report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked
Notes under the Programme or the Sustainability Performance Target (as defined in the Terms and
Conditions) to fulfil any green, social, sustainability, sustainability-linked and/or other criteria. Any such
opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.
5

--- Page 7 ---
1. TABLE OF CONTENTS
2.
Description of the Offering Programme
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7
3.
Risk Factors
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
13
4.
Presentation of Financial and Other Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
44
5.
Overview of the Security Group and the Financing Structure
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
48
6.
Documents incorporated by Reference . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
52
7.
Use of Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
53
8.
Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
54
9.
Description of TDC NET . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
59
10.
Selected aspects of Regulation to which TDC NET is subject . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
82
11.
Management and Governance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
87
12.
Shareholders
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
92
13.
Related Party Transactions
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
94
14.
Description of TDC NET Holding
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
96
15.
Summary of the Finance Documents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
97
16.
Cashflow . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
151
17.
Tax Considerations
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
153
18.
Form of the Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
154
19.
Terms and Conditions
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
158
20.
Form of Final Terms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
198
21.
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
212
22.
Subscription and Sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
214
23.
General Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
219
24.
Glossary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
223
6

--- Page 8 ---
2. DESCRIPTION OF THE OFFERING PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by,
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in
a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed
Notes only and if appropriate, a new Prospectus will be published.
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview.
The Issuer: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TDC NET A/S, incorporated with limited liability under the laws
of Denmark
Legal Identity Identifier (LEI) of the
Issuer:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
549300SH2G3R15Y3FX20
The Guarantor: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TDC NET Holding, incorporated with limited liability under the
laws of Denmark
Arrangers: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and HSBC Continental Europe
Dealers: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bank of China (Europe) S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP
Paribas,
HSBC
Continental
Europe,
ING
Bank
N.V,
Jyske
Bank A/S, Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale (Helaba),
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937), Nykredit
Bank
A/S
and
Skandinaviska
Enskilda
Banken
AB
(publ) appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement
Note Trustee:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited
Principal Paying Agent:
. . . . . . . . .
HSBC Bank plc
Registrar: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
HSBC Bank plc
Security Agent: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited
Description:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Certain Restrictions:
. . . . . . . . . . .
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of
this Base Prospectus.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of
professional
investors
and
have
a
denomination of
at
least
£100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”.
Programme Size:
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Up to EUR 3,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement.
Issuance in Series:
. . . . . . . . . . . .
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each
7

--- Page 9 ---
Tranche will also be subject to identical terms in all respects save
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations.
Consolidation:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes on another
series having the same terms and conditions in all respects (or in
all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a
single series.
Distribution:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions.
Maturities:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified
Currency.
Issue Price:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a
discount to, or premium over, par.
Interest:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination
thereof and the method of calculating interest may vary between
the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series.
Fixed Rate Notes:
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the
relevant Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes:
. . . . . . . . . . .
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency
governed by an agreement incorporating (i) unless “ISDA
2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the
relevant
Final
Terms,
the
2006
ISDA
Definitions
(as
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as
specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published by the
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or (ii) if
“ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in
the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix
(as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as
published
by
ISDA
(or
any
successor)
on
its
website
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first
Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or
(b)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen
page of a commercial quotation service.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of
Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a
minimum interest rate or both.
8

--- Page 10 ---
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period,
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Zero Coupon Notes:
. . . . . . . . . . .
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their
nominal amount and will not bear interest.
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event: .
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether a Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event will apply to the Notes, in which case,
ifSustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) applies, the rate of
interest in respect of the Notes may be subject to upward
adjustment(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) applies, premium
amount(s) may be payable as specified in the applicable Final
Terms. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event” below.
Redemption:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to
restrictions
on
their
denomination
and
distribution.
See
“Subscription and Sale—Other UK regulatory restrictions”.
Denomination of Notes:
. . . . . . . . .
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the
relevant Specified Currency, see “Subscription and Sale—Other
UK
regulatory
restrictions”,
and
save
that
the
minimum
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated
market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public
either in a Member State of the European Economic Area or in the
United Kingdom in circumstances which would otherwise require
the publication of a prospectus under either the EU Prospectus
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation will be EUR100,000
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the
equivalent amount in such currency).
Taxation:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 13 (Taxation). In the
event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 13 (Taxation),
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so
deducted.
Listing and admission to trading: . . .
Application has been made for Notes to be admitted during the
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the
official list and to trading on the regulated market of the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the
9

--- Page 11 ---
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also
be issued.
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on
which stock exchanges and/or markets.
United States Selling Restrictions:
. .
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D or TEFRA not
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Selling Restrictions: . . . . . . . . . . . .
See “Subscription and Sale”.
Status and Guarantee:
. . . . . . . . . .
The Notes constitute direct, secured, general and unconditional
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu
among themselves and pari passu with any Authorised Credit
Facilities entered into by TDC NET from time to time in
accordance
with
the
STID
and
senior
to
any
Subordinated
Liabilities and at least pari passu with all other present and
future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations
as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory
and of general application.
The
Guarantor
has
in
the
Trust
Deed
unconditionally
and
irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums
from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes.
The Guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, secured, general and
unconditional obligations of the Guarantor which will at all times
rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured
obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of
general application. The Guarantee of the Notes is secured pursuant
to the STID.
Security: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes are secured by:
(a)
a share pledge in relation to the shares in TDC NET held by
TDC NET Holding;
(b)
an account pledge in relation to certain bank accounts of TDC
NET Holding;
(c)
a security assignment in respect of any intercompany loan
receivables owed to TDC NET Holding by TDC NET from
time to time;
(d)
a security assignment in respect of any permitted upstream
loan made by TDC NET Holding to TDC Holding A/S
(“TDC Holding”) from time to time;
(e)
a negative pledge (in Danish; pantsætningsforbud) registered
in
the
Danish
Register
of
Chattel
Mortgages
(in
Danish: Personbogen) in respect of TDC NET Holding;
(f)
share pledges in respect of the shares over the direct
subsidiaries of TDC NET;
(g)
an account pledge in relation to certain bank accounts of
TDC NET;
(h)
a security assignment in respect of certain intercompany loan
receivables owed to TDC NET by its subsidiaries from time to
time;
(i)
a security assignment in respect of any permitted upstream
loan made by TDC NET to TDC NET Holding or TDC
Holding from time to time;
10

--- Page 12 ---
(j)
a security assignment in respect of TDC NET’s rights as co-
insured under certain material insurance policies held by TDC
Holding for the benefit of TDC NET;
(k)
a security assignment in respect of the rights of TDC NET
under any spectrum licences held by TDC NET;
(l)
a
receivables
floating
charge
(in
Danish:
fordringspant)
registered in the Danish Register of Chattel Mortgages (in
Danish: Personbogen) granted by TDC NET for a limited
specified secured amount;
(m) a negative pledge (in Danish: pantsætningsforbud) registered
in
the
Danish
Register
of
Chattel
Mortgages
(in
Danish: Personbogen) in respect of TDC NET;
(n)
negative pledges (in Danish pantsætningsforbud) registered in
the Danish Land Register (in Danish Tingbogen) in respect of
certain properties owned by TDC NET; and
(o)
a security assignment in relation to TDC NET’s rights under
the hedging agreements.
All of the above security has been granted in accordance with the
Agreed
Security
Principles
set
out
in
the
Common
Terms
Agreement and the grant and/or perfection of such security may
be limited. Please see “Risk Factors—Financing and Structural
Risks—Risks Related to the Transaction Security and Danish
Insolvency Laws”.
Form:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as specified
in the applicable Final Terms.
Rating:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Notes are expected to be rated BBB- by Fitch.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under
the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency
not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA
Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established
in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the
UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA
Regulation.
Time-Bar on Principal and Interest: .
Claims against the Guarantor for payment in respect of the
Notes shall be subject to limitation under the Danish Limitation
Act
and
shall
become
void
unless
proceedings
have
been
commenced
or
the
limitation
period
has
otherwise
been
suspended or interrupted pursuant to the provisions of the Danish
Limitation Act within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or
three (3) years (in the case of Interest) from the date when the
creditor was entitled to claim payment within the meaning of
section 2 of the Danish Limitation Act.
11

--- Page 13 ---
Governing Law:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Notes, the Note Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the
Common Terms Agreement and the STID, and any non-contractual
obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, will be
governed by English law.
Clearing Systems:
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
Risk Factors:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See “Risk Factors”.
Financial Information:
. . . . . . . . . .
See “Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information”.
Use of proceeds:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TDC NET will apply the proceeds from the issuance of each of the
Series of Notes to (i) refinance or repay, directly or indirectly, any
existing debt of TDC NET or TDC Holding and, in each case,
funding
any
related
redemption
and/or
hedging
termination
payments (if applicable) and any related fees and expenses
incurred in respect of any such repayments (see “Overview of
the Security Group and the Financing Structure”), and/or (ii) for
general corporate purposes.
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified
use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.
12

--- Page 14 ---
3. RISK FACTORS
The following sets out certain aspects of the Notes, the Guarantee, the Common Documents, the Finance
Documents and the activities of TDC NET that prospective Noteholders should be aware of. Prospective
investors should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in this Base
Prospectus before making an investment decision. The occurrence of any of the events described below:
(a)
could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or results of operations of TDC
NET; and/or
(b)
could lead to, among other things, an Event of Default or a Trigger Event; and/or
(c)
may adversely impact the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
This section of the Base Prospectus describes material risks that are known to TDC NET at the date of this
Base Prospectus. Neither TDC NET nor TDC NET Holding represents that the risks described in this section
comprise an exhaustive list of all of the risks of holding the Notes and prospective Noteholders should carefully
consider all the detailed information set out in this Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decisions.
The risks described below are not the only ones faced by TDC NET. Additional risks not presently known to
TDC NET or which TDC NET currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. In the
event of any material adverse impact of one of or more of the risks described herein, the value of the
Notes could decline, and TDC NET may not be able to pay all or part of the interest or principal on the
Notes and investors may lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an
investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their
personal circumstances.
3.1 Introduction
The risk factors described below are those that TDC NET believes are material and specific to TDC NET and
that may affect TDC NET’s ability to fulfil its respective obligations under the Programme and any Notes. The
risk factors have been organised into the following categories and sub-categories:
•
Business and operational risks related to TDC NET:
•
Risks related to the business and operations of TDC NET;
•
risks related to security, IT and telecommunication systems;
•
risks related to regulation and tax; and
•
risks related to the structure of the Security Group of which TDC NET forms part.
•
Business and operational risks related to TDC NET Holding.
•
Financing and structural risks related to TDC NET and TDC NET Holding:
•
Financing risks and Notes considerations; and
•
risks related to the Transaction Security and Danish insolvency laws.
Within each sub-category, the most material risks, in the assessment of TDC NET, are set out first. TDC NET
has assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the
expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any category of
risk is more material than any other category. Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out
in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference herein), in conjunction with each of
the risk factors described below and reach their own views prior to making an investment decision.
In addition, whilst the various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to mitigate
some of the risks discussed below for the Noteholders, there can be no assurance that these measures will
ensure that the Noteholders of any Series or Tranche receive payment of interest or repayment of principal
from the Issuer on a timely basis or at all.
13

--- Page 15 ---
3.2 Business and operational risks related to TDC NET
3.2.1 Risk related to the business and operations of TDC NET
3.2.1.1 TDC NET operates in competitive markets and may not be able to effectively compete with other
infrastructure providers or may fail to effectively anticipate or react to technological developments to
meet customer demand
Overall competition
TDC NET operates in competitive markets in both the mobile and fixed telecommunications infrastructure
market and must continuously keep apprised of developments within the market, including with respect to
technological developments, in order to maintain its competitive position. Even if TDC NET has potential
offerings that address the market and customer needs, its competitors may be more successful at marketing
similar services and competitors may offer more favourable contractual terms or pricing in a manner which
TDC NET is not willing or able to match on a sustained basis in light of its financial condition and business,
which may affect its ability to obtain new business or sustain existing business. In addition, TDC NET may
face increasing competition from new market entrants that are not currently present or not materially present in
the markets. Further, while certain of TDC NET’s products within the fixed area are subject to regulated
maximum prices, there can be no assurance that TDC NET will be able to price its products at such maximum
prices as competition within the market could lead to downward price pressure. If TDC NET is unable to
compete successfully, it could lose market share and customers to competitors, which could have a material
adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may
adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
Further, TDC NET must anticipate and react to technological developments in order to compete effectively
with other infrastructure providers and in order to ensure an adequate product portfolio that meets the demand
of end-customers and, by extension, the demand of service providers which TDC NET services. Meeting
technological advancements requires significant investments based on a number of projections, assumptions and
estimates about future market conditions and end-customer demand. TDC NET may invest substantially in
technologies that will ultimately not be adopted by end-customers, to the extent anticipated or at all. If TDC
NET invests substantially in technology which is not adopted by its customers or the end-customers or is not
otherwise commercially successful, TDC NET may be unable to realise the expected returns on its investments.
For example, TDC NET may invest substantially in expanding its fixed network in certain geographical areas
but market developments in such area may ultimately lead to end-customers preferring the use of mobile
network.
Churn
Furthermore, TDC NET is exposed to the risk of end-customers moving from legacy technologies to other
technologies at a pace that is faster than TDC NET has anticipated or projected. The level of churn from legacy
technologies to other technologies may be affected by a number of factors, including the competitiveness of the
products and solutions offered in the market, introduction of new products and technologies, deterioration of
personal financial circumstances, price increases and regulatory developments. While TDC NET believes that
churn from legacy technologies, including technologies such as PSTN, is inevitable as technology and
consumer behaviour evolve, such churn may take place at a pace faster than projected by TDC NET, which
could lead to TDC NET having to expend substantial unforeseen investments in order to meet demand in the
market and remain competitive.
Overbuild
TDC NET is further exposed to the risk of overbuild on its fixed network, leading to competitors passing the
same addresses as TDC NET with its fixed network. In addition, TDC NET may undertake a certain degree of
overbuild on its own networks as a result of laying out fibre on top of its existing copper or coax networks.
While overbuild has generally been limited in Denmark and is expected to remain limited in the short-term,
TDC NET cannot be certain that overbuild will remain limited in the long-term, and competitors may offer
products that provide similar functionalities as TDC NET’s products which could lead to increased price
pressure. Further, a greater rate of overbuild increases the risk of TDC NET expending capital to develop its
fixed networks, but end-customers may not connect to such networks and such capital expenditure may not
provide adequate returns on investments.
If TDC NET is unable to effectively anticipate or react to technological developments or if a significant amount
of overbuild occurs in the Danish market, it could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business,
14

--- Page 16 ---
financial condition and results of operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its
obligations under the Notes.
3.2.1.2 TDC NET depends on Nuuday as a customer for a significant percentage of its revenue and as a
supplier of certain services
TDC NET and Nuuday were established in connection with the TDC Demerger as part of the separation of
TDC Holding. While significant efforts have gone into separating the two entities, including the establishment
of independent governance structures within each of TDC NET and Nuuday, TDC NET continues to maintain
close relations with Nuuday and depends on Nuuday as a customer for a significant percentage of its revenue
within both its mobile and fixed business areas and as a supplier for certain services.
TDC NET is subject to significant customer concentration in both its fixed and mobile business areas and
derives the vast majority of its revenue from contracts with Nuuday. In total, Nuuday represented
approximately 78% of TDC NET’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021 and as such TDC NET is
exposed to the financial and operational well-being of Nuuday. Further, any termination of or non-renewal of
customer agreements with Nuuday, for example of the Nuuday Mobile Agreement (as defined in “Description
of TDC NET—Business Operations—Material Contracts—Nuuday Mobile Agreement”), and/or renegotiation
leading to more onerous terms or reductions in the spending of Nuuday, could have a material adverse effect on
TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Such circumstances may occur for reasons
both within and beyond TDC NET’s control. For example, strategic decisions within Nuuday could lead to
commercial decisions to seek to renegotiate or amend the contractual relationship and there can be no assurance
that agreements with Nuuday will continue on commercially acceptable terms. In addition, as a result of the
customer concentration with Nuuday representing a significant percentage of TDC NET’s revenues, TDC NET
is continuously and significantly exposed to the creditworthiness and general financial and commercial viability
of Nuuday and will on a continuous basis be exposed to a substantial amount of outstanding receivables from
Nuuday. A deterioration of the creditworthiness of Nuuday could have substantial negative impact on the
business, financial condition and results of operations of TDC NET and any default under the customer
agreements with Nuuday could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and
results of operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the
Notes.
In addition, TDC NET relies on Nuuday in respect of certain intragroup and shared services, including IT and
telecommunication systems as well as accounting services, which are used by TDC NET in its operations and
provided by Nuuday or third parties on a pass-through basis, on arm’s length terms. If such services should
become unavailable to TDC NET, it could materially adversely affect TDC NET’s operations and it may be
difficult to replace such services with other vendors. While TDC NET and Nuuday depend on each other for
the majority of the material intragroup and shared services rendered between the entities and TDC NET
believes that the entities share joint interests in maintaining and providing the services, there can be no
assurance that such services will continue to be available to TDC NET, which could adversely affect TDC
NET’s operations and have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of
operations and therefore may impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.1.3 TDC NET is exposed to risks relating to the demerger of TDC Holding in 2019
TDC NET and Nuuday were established in connection with the TDC Demerger (the partial demerger of TDC
Holding in 2019)—see “Description of TDC NET—Overview and Key Credit Highlights—History and
development”. As a result of the TDC Demerger, a large strategic separation process was carried out which has
led to significant administrative processes, duplication of roles and activities across the separated parts of the
business, some loss of ability to access benefits of a vertically integrated organisation given the separation of
the retail and wholesale telecommunications business, and reduced speed-to-market. While TDC NET expects
that costs attributable to the separation process will gradually decline, there can be no assurance as to the size
and timing hereof.
As part of the TDC Demerger, assets, liabilities and business operations of TDC Holding were carved out and
transferred to TDC NET or Nuuday. This division was based on commercial and legal assessments, where the
prospects of both TDC NET and Nuuday were taken into account. Such assessments may prove wrong and
assets, liabilities and business operations may be found to have been misplaced in either entity. If assets,
liabilities and business operations are to be found misplaced in either entity, it could have a material adverse
effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may adversely
impact the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
15

--- Page 17 ---
Further, TDC NET relies on the “TDC” brand and the “TDC NET” brand has only been established as a
standalone brand since the TDC Demerger. There can be no assurance that the “TDC NET” brand as a
standalone corporate brand will be successful or that the brand value of TDC NET will persist. In addition,
factors outside TDC NET’s control, including events affecting “TDC” brand and involving TDC Holding and
Nuuday, may negatively impact the reputation and brand value of TDC NET. For example, TDC NET may be
inadvertently associated with claims raised against related parties of TDC NET given the proximity of brands
applied within the TDC Group.
TDC NET may be held liable for claims raised against Nuuday or TDC Holding as a result of compulsory
demerger liability under Danish law. Accordingly, should Nuuday or TDC Holding fail to pay under actual and
contingent liabilities having existed at the date of publication of the demerger plan relating to the TDC
Demerger in May 2019, TDC NET may be held liable, subject, however, to a maximum amount equal to the
net value contributed to TDC NET in the TDC Demerger. However, this limitation does not apply to taxes as,
according to generally applicable Danish tax rules, the liability to the tax authorities is unlimited and comprises
taxes payable up until the date when TDC Demerger was finally approved in June 2019.
However, the demerger liability is secondary, as TDC NET will not be liable unless a creditor has
unsuccessfully made a claim against Nuuday or, as applicable, TDC Holding. The risk of statutory demerger
liabilities materialising will persist until a claim is discharged or otherwise becomes barred by statute. Under
Danish law, claims would generally be barred by statute after three years with potential for suspension up to a
maximum of ten years. In relation to claims that are not known by the creditors, however, it could under
special circumstances be up to 30 years, depending on the merits of the claim. Furthermore, the demerger
liability also extends to claims that existed at the date of publication of the demerger plan, but have not yet
fallen due for payment and in respect of which no statutory limitation period has yet begun to run.
The TDC Demerger was approved by the Danish tax authorities as a tax-exempt demerger pursuant to the
provisions of the Danish Merger Tax Act but there is a risk that the exemption may be revoked. The approval
was based on certain material assumptions, and was subject to the fulfilment of and compliance with certain
conditions set forth by the Danish tax authorities. Changes in the facts underlying the TDC Demerger or non-
fulfilment of/non-compliance with the conditions set forth by the Danish tax authorities by any of the TDC
Holding, TDC NET or Nuuday within the first three years of the June 2019 approval date may lead the Danish
tax authorities revoking their approval that the TDC Demerger be a tax-exempt demerger pursuant to the
provisions of the Danish Tax Merger Act. If the TDC Demerger becomes a taxable demerger, TDC NET would
be liable for tax claims and penalties in accordance with the Danish Merger Tax Act, and generally subject to
cross tax group joint and several liability for any taxes triggered in TDC Holding or Nuuday as a consequence
of the mandatory joint taxation (see “—TDC is exposed to changes in tax laws or regulations or in the
interpretation thereof and is exposed to the risk of double taxation. TDC NET is further subject to a joint
taxation and VAT arrangement, which exposes it to certain risks”). TDC NET has no control over whether TDC
Holding and/or Nuuday will fulfil and comply with the conditions set out in the Danish tax authorities’
approval or over whether events outside the control of TDC NET, TDC Holding and Nuuday could lead to the
material assumptions set out in the Danish tax authorities’ approval not being complied with.
If TDC NET is held liable as a result of the compulsory demerger liability, or if the material assumptions
conditions set forth by the Danish tax authorities are not complied with or fulfilled, it could have a material
adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may
adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.1.4 TDC NET may not achieve anticipated levels of operational efficiencies, which could limit its
profitability
In order to maintain and potentially increase its profitability and maintain its competitive position, TDC NET
depends, to a large extent, on achieving further operational efficiencies in order to drive down costs in its
business.
While TDC NET strives to stay ahead of industry standards in terms of efficiency, automation and
simplification and develop novel solutions for driving operational efficiency within the industry, there can be
no assurance that TDC NET will be able to realise the anticipated efficiencies and savings, either in the amount
or within the timeframe currently anticipated, and the costs of achieving such efficiencies may be higher than
expected. Further, in carrying out cost savings programmes the business of TDC NET may be negatively
affected, if TDC NET is not able to implement operational efficiencies without impairing its ability to service
its customers and expanding its network. Cost savings may be offset by deterioration in the markets in which
TDC NET operates, increases in other expenses or other adverse developments in TDC NET’s business.
16

--- Page 18 ---
In addition, costs associated with investments in TDC NET’s equipment, networks and technologies and those
that TDC NET may acquire or develop in the future, as well as costs and expenses related to their deployment,
are significant and could increase as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside TDC NET’s
control. For example, unfavourable weather conditions could make it more time consuming or more expensive
to deploy additional equipment related to mobile or fixed networks. If such costs and expenses exceed what
was initially anticipated, investments may not yield satisfactory returns on investments, which could have a
material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may
adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
If TDC NET is not able to continuously implement cost savings across its business, it could adversely affect the
profitability of its business and lead to a deteriorated competitive position, which could have a material adverse
effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may adversely
impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.1.5 The loss of senior management or key personnel, or the inability to recruit high quality senior
management and key personnel, could harm TDC NET’s business
TDC NET’s success and strategy depend in large part on TDC NET’s ability to attract and retain senior
management and key personnel. There can be no assurance that TDC NET will continue to attract or retain the
senior management and qualified personnel necessary for operating its business competitively. Competition for
highly qualified senior management and key personnel in the telecommunications industry is intense and there
is limited availability of persons with the requisite knowledge of the industry and relevant experience in
Denmark. To the extent that the demand for qualified personnel exceeds supply, TDC NET could experience a
delay or higher labour costs in order to attract and retain qualified management and personnel from time to
time. There can be no assurance that TDC NET will be successful in retaining the services of its senior
management and key personnel or continue to have access to a suitable and diverse talent pool of qualified
senior management and key personnel nor that TDC NET would be successful in hiring and training suitable
replacements without undue costs or delays.
TDC NET may experience changes to its senior management from time to time. Even if TDC NET is able to
hire suitable replacements for departing senior management, the transition to new management may in itself
give rise to business disruptions as well as decreases in employee morale and may result in negative publicity
and damage the reputation and brand of TDC NET.
An inability to address these challenges could result in the diversion of managerial resources and attention and
adversely affect TDC NET’s ability to successfully implement its strategy. A failure to recruit and retain senior
management and key personnel or qualified employees, or effectively integrate new senior management and
other key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and
results of operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the
Notes.
3.2.1.6 TDC NET’s business could be adversely affected if it experiences labour disputes or discontinued works,
and TDC NET is subject to certain defined benefit pension obligations in respect of a number of
employees
Approximately 95% of the employees of TDC NET are covered by collective bargaining agreements with
unions. Of those employees in unions, 60% covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the Danish
Metalworkers Union. 22% is covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the Academics Organisations
and 13% by a collective bargaining agreement with the Danish Association of Managers and Executives. The
remaining portion of employees are typically high-level managers employed on a contractual basis.
Although TDC NET believes that it has good relations with the labour unions representing TDC NET’s labour
force, TDC NET cannot guarantee that it will not experience a deterioration in its labour relations, resulting in
strikes or other disturbances occasioned by TDC NET’s unionized labour force. Discontinued work or other
disruptions could lead to TDC NET not being able to deliver its products and services. If the workers of TDC
NET were to engage in industrial action, TDC NET’s operations could be adversely affected. Any of these
events could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flow and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
In addition, discontinued work or other disruptions of the business operations, strikes or similar measures at the
suppliers’ sites or any logistics provider, could impact TDC NET’s ability to deliver on products and services to
TDC NET’s customers, which could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition
17

--- Page 19 ---
and results of operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under
the Notes.
Further, TDC NET employs a number of employees who are members of the TDC pension fund, TDC
Pensionskasse, and governed by pension schemes defined by its benefits. These employees are subject to
certain special terms and conditions upon redundancies and early retirement, and TDC NET may be liable to
pay certain costs in case of early retirement for other reasons than age or illness. As of 31 December 2021,
TDC NET employs approximately 600 employees who are subject to such pension schemes.
3.2.1.7 Insurance policies of TDC NET may not provide adequate levels of coverage against all claims
TDC NET is currently partly co-insured with TDC Holding and is partly insured by its own insurance policies.
TDC NET believes that it maintains insurance policies that are customary for businesses of its size and type,
but such insurance policies may not be adequate to protect it from all liabilities or losses. If a significant claim
or number of claims are made under any of TDC NET’s insurance policies, TDC NET may be subject to
significant increases in premiums or even find it difficult, prohibitively expensive or impossible to obtain
sufficient levels of insurance coverage thereafter. In addition, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and
increased prevalence of cyber-attacks have generally led to insurance policies becoming more expensive.
TDC NET’s insurance policies do not cover, or provide only limited coverage, with respect to certain portions
of its underground and on-land cables and conduits. As a result, significant adverse events such as natural
disasters which would affect the underground fixed line network or on-land cables on a large scale could result
in substantial uninsured losses.
If TDC NET’s insurance coverage is not sufficient for any reason or if significant adverse effects lead to
substantial uninsured losses, TDC NET could incur significant out-of-pocket expenses, which could have a
material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may
adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.1.8 TDC NET’s business is capital intensive, and its capital expenditure could be more costly than projected
and may not generate a positive return, and TDC NET may be unable or unwilling to make additional
capital expenditures or require additional financing in order to do so
TDC NET’s business is capital intensive, and its operations and business plans require significant amounts of
investment, particularly within IT and telecommunication systems. In particular, TDC NET must continuously
upgrade its networks and associated IT and telecommunication systems in a timely manner in order to retain
and expand its customer base and in order to ensure compliance with changes to applicable rules and
regulations. TDC NET has an extensive ongoing capital expenditure programme that will continue to require
significant capital outlays for the foreseeable future, including expansion of its mobile network and upgrading
its technical equipment to ensure it is able to deliver mobile capacity services to meet developments in traffic
as well as its ongoing fibre roll-out. In addition, TDC NET capitalises expenses for the payment of spectrum
licenses, typically over 10 years, which are included as capital expenditure on TDC NET’s balance sheet.
In addition to its ongoing capital expenditure programme, TDC NET may also be required to undertake
significant investments in the future, including with respect to new spectrum licenses, investments in additional
network coverage and technology, or to make investments to provide business continuity or to meet additional
requirements in areas such as information security and disaster recovery, all of which would require significant
capital expenditure. For example, if mobile network usage develops faster than projected, TDC NET may
require greater capital expenditure in shorter timeframes than anticipated, and TDC NET may not have the
financial resources necessary to carry out such investments. Further, competitive circumstances may require
that TDC NET accelerates capital expenditures should competitors begin rolling out fibre in areas where TDC
NET only offers copper or coax networks in order to ensure its competitive position, and TDC NET may not
have the funds available to expend such capital or may have to reallocate capital from other investments.
Further, TDC NET must continuously expend significant maintenance capital in order to expand, develop and
renew its infrastructure and such costs may be substantially higher than anticipated, which could adversely
impact TDC NET’s business plans and necessitate reallocation of capital. In particular, significant competition,
the introduction of new technologies, such as DOCSIS 4.x, mmWave or 6G, the expansion of existing
technologies or adversely regulatory developments could lead to TDC NET deciding to undertake otherwise
unplanned upgrades of its networks or customer premise equipment.
Capital expenditure is carried out pursuant to certain projections, assumptions and estimates on future business
needs of TDC NET. If such projections, assumptions or estimates are not correct, capital may be misallocated
18

--- Page 20 ---
which could adversely affect the competitiveness of TDC NET and lead to the capital expenditure not
generating positive returns. For example, TDC NET may invest in certain technologies that ultimately prove to
be technically inferior to the technology that competitors have invested in and demand for such technologies
may not offset the capital expended for developing the technologies. The amounts required and the timing of
TDC NET’s future capital requirements may differ materially from TDC NET’s projections, assumptions and
estimates due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond TDC NET’s control.
For example, TDC NET depends on IT architecture and systems for substantial parts of its operations and
business and must continuously make investments in developing future systems and maintain existing systems.
The development and implementation of new IT systems may require significant capital expenditures and
constitute highly complex projects, which requires TDC NET to divert significant managerial resources and
engage with a number of external consultants and vendors. For the development of new IT systems, TDC NET
must ensure that such projects correctly specify the operational requirements that such IT systems must fulfil.
While TDC NET diverts substantial managerial resources to ensure that IT development projects are specified
correctly and in line with business requirements, there can be no assurance that the final IT systems will lead to
TDC NET achieving its anticipated benefits from the implementation of such systems, including potential
operational efficiencies. Capital expended on the development or maintenance of IT systems may not provide
satisfactory levels of returns or could have been expended elsewhere in a manner, which would have led to
higher returns. In addition, IT development projects may be significantly delayed, which could lead to TDC
NET incurring additional costs or reduce the overall commercial viability of such development projects and, if
material delays are experienced, the technology applied in the IT systems may be outdated at the time the
systems are finally implemented in TDC NET or the business requirements may have changed since the initial
scoping of the development projects, which could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business,
financial condition and results of operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its
obligations under the Notes.
If TDC NET is not able to meet its ongoing or future capital requirements, if capital is misallocated or if
maintenance costs associated with capital expenditures are substantially higher than anticipated, the financial
and competitive position of TDC NET may be negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect
on TDC NET’s business and financial conditions and results of operations and therefore may impact TDC
NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
Further, TDC NET may be required to raise additional debt, refinance existing debt or raise equity financing in
order to carry out additional investments in potentially substantial amounts. The type, timing and terms of any
future financing will depend on TDC NET’s financing needs and the prevailing conditions in the financial
markets. TDC NET may not be able to accomplish any of these measures on a timely basis or on commercially
reasonable terms, if at all, and TDC NET may not generate sufficient cash flows in the future to meet its capital
expenditure needs, sustain its operations or meet its other capital requirements, which may have a material
adverse effect on its business and financial condition, and results of operations and therefore may impact TDC
NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.1.9 TDC NET depends on a sub-leasing arrangement for certain properties leased by TDC Holding and on
certain properties which sits on leased land or fixed on real estate owned by third parties
TDC NET subleases certain properties from TDC Holding, which TDC Holding leases from third parties, and
depends on these properties for the operation of its business. See “Description of TDC NET—Business
Operations—Property and leases”.
The Skyline Lease Portfolio (as defined under “Description of TDC NET—Business Operations—Property and
leases”), comprises certain properties owned indirectly by, among others, ATP and PFA, being members of the
Consortium (in each case as defined below). The properties comprised by the Skyline Lease Portfolio relates to
TDC NET’s network and are critical to the operations of TDC NET. If TDC NET is unable to continue its
subleasing of the properties on commercially acceptable terms, TDC NET’s operations may be adversely
affected. As a sublessee, TDC NET will generally have limited control over the lease-arrangement, including
defaults by the main-lessee under the leasing arrangements, including in respect of the Skyline Lease Portfolio.
While special provisions have been made to ensure TDC NET’s control over the Skyline Lease Portfolio,
including an unconditional right for TDC NET to require TDC Holding to transfer one or more of the leases to
TDC NET at any time without the need for consent from the lessors, there can be no assurance that landlords
under the lease contracts may not seek to dispute the terms of the lease or sublease or seek to terminate a lease
or sublease. In addition, any transfer of the Skyline Lease Portfolio from TDC Holding to TDC NET could
have an adverse impact on the financial position of TDC NET, including, among others, an increased leverage
19

--- Page 21 ---
due to the fact that, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the headleases in TDC Holding have a longer term
than the subleases from TDC Holding to TDC NET and would therefore result in larger liabilities under
IFRS 16.
Further, a significant portion of TDC NET’s property portfolio sits on leased land or fixed on real estate owned
by third parties, for example on rooftops, and failure to gain access to such sites could significantly affect TDC
NET’s operations. Such properties, which sits on leased land or fixed on real estate owned by third parties, rely
on rights of use for TDC NET or lease agreements with the relevant landowners. If such rights of use or lease
agreements cannot be upheld by TDC NET, for example as a result of contractual matters or disputes or as a
result of statutory law, rules and regulations which impose limitations on such rights, TDC NET may not be
able to uphold the lease and could be required to vacate the premises. Should such sites and properties,
including rooftop sites, cease to be available, TDC NET may have difficulty securing cost efficient alternative
sites, including transmission sites, and may not be able to secure such alternative sites at all, which could have
a material adverse impact on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore
may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
In addition, pursuant to the Danish Act on Registration (in Danish: tinglysningsloven), certain provisions of
lease agreements relating to real property are required to be registered in the Danish Land Registry (in
Danish: Tingbogen) in order to maintain validity against third parties who obtain conflicting rights over such
real property. This includes, among others, provisions relating to long non-terminability periods on the part of
the lessor. TDC NET is, and may from time to time be, the lessee of lease agreements in relation to real
property that are not registered with the Danish Land Registry. Accordingly, there is a risk that certain of TDC
NET’s rights under such unregistered lease agreements may not be enforceable against third parties having
obtained conflict rights over such real property.
3.2.1.10 TDC NET relies on a limited number of suppliers for the supply of a majority of its network equipment
and software, which exposes it to risks related to supply shortage and price inflation
TDC NET relies on a limited number of suppliers for the supply of a majority of its network equipment, IT and
telecommunication systems and software and, to a certain extent, for the construction and maintenance of TDC
NET’s network. TDC NET does not have direct operational or financial control over its suppliers and has
limited influence with respect to the manner in which its suppliers conduct their businesses. TDC NET’s
reliance on these suppliers exposes TDC NET to risks related to delays in the delivery of its services as the
suppliers may not have the resources adequate to, or be able or willing to, meet the business needs of TDC
NET, which could adversely impact the business and operations of TDC NET, as well as the speed at which
TDC NET expands its network. Historically, TDC NET has experienced some capacity constraints from
suppliers and expects that it may experience supply shortage from time to time in the future. Such supply
shortages may be, for example, as a result of the introduction of export and re-export restrictions, which could
limit the suppliers’ ability to procure products, technology, or software from jurisdictions that are necessary for
the production and timely and satisfactory delivery of the supplies and equipment that TDC NET sources from
these suppliers. Further, if TDC NET terminates its agreements with any such supplier, or if any such supplier
terminates its agreements with TDC NET, it could have adverse effects on TDC NET’s operations and its
networks, and may lead to additional and substantial costs in the process of replacing such supplier.
In addition, it is possible that new or existing competitors of TDC NET may compete for similar services and
products from suppliers that TDC NET uses and may offer more favourable terms to particular suppliers than
TDC NET does, which could lead to general price inflation for such services and products. Furthermore, the
current macroeconomic environment and the ongoing conflict in Ukraine has led to and may lead to further
price inflation. See “The war in Ukraine and the measures and sanctions imposed by certain countries exposes
TDC NET to certain risks”. If TDC NET is unable to procure the necessary services and products from the
suppliers on which it relies or if the price for such services or products materially inflates, it could have a
material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may
adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.1.11 TDC NET relies on spectrum licenses for its mobile business and may be unable to secure spectrum in
the future, which would prevent or impair TDC NET’s plans or limit the need for TDC NET’s services
and products
TDC NET relies on a sufficient spectrum portfolio for its mobile business. The amount of suitable spectrum
available within the Danish market for TDC NET’s operations is limited and the process for obtaining it is
complex and costly. In Denmark, spectrum licenses are allocated on the basis of auctions with terms typically
lasting 20 years, as determined by the Danish Energy Agency. The most recent spectrum auction was in the
20

--- Page 22 ---
first half of 2021, with a term for such spectrum licenses of approximately 20 years. The quality, coverage and
speed of the mobile network is determined by having a sufficient mix of spectrum bands from low, mid and
high frequency bands. Certain spectrum bands can be considered more important to TDC NET’s operations
than others, including the 700 MHz, 800 MHz and 900 MHz (low frequency bands) as well as the 3500 MHz
(high frequency band), as these are particularly important for competing in the 4G and 5G network. Low
frequency bands are typically used for ensuring broad coverage including indoor coverage, while high
frequency bands are used for high-speed coverage in densely populated areas (stadiums, main streets etc.).
While TDC NET believes that its current holding of spectrum sufficiently covers its current capacity needs,
there can be no assurance that it will continue to be sufficient to meet future demand or that it will continue to
be able to secure spectrum on commercially acceptable terms, including as a result of price pressure among
competing bidders in upcoming auctions for spectrum.
Further, spectrum licenses generally require TDC NET to comply with applicable laws and regulations, make
periodic license fee payments, and maintain minimum levels of coverage. Should TDC NET fail to comply
with these license conditions, TDC NET may be subject to financial penalties from the relevant authorities and
there is a risk that licenses could be partially or totally withdrawn by the Danish Energy Agency. The
imposition of fines or the withdrawal of licenses could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business,
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, such licenses are generally granted for fixed terms and
must be periodically renewed via auction. These licenses may not be won or otherwise renewable in a timely
manner or at all.
In addition, new licenses may be necessary in connection with the emergence of new technologies or
advancements in current technologies. Should TDC NET not be able to obtain or renew spectrum licenses or
any other licenses needed to operate or develop its business in a timely fashion, TDC NET’s ability to realise
its strategic objectives may be compromised. Any failure to obtain or renew the licenses could have a material
adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may
adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.1.12 The liquidity position of TDC NET may be adversely impacted by a decline in revenue, and the
liquidity facilities may not be sufficient, or may not be available, to cover any liquidity shortfalls,
which could adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to make payments under the Notes
The liquidity position of TDC NET is dependent upon revenue and cash flow from its business operations or
financing as well as access to revolving credit and working capital facilities. A decline in revenue, increase in
TDC NET’s cost base, adversely amended payment terms or other adverse changes to TDC NET’s cash flows
could occur for a number of reasons, many of which are outside the control of TDC NET. In case of a decline
in TDC NET’s revenue, cost base, payment terms or cash flows, TDC NET may experience liquidity shortfalls
and may not have the necessary funds to meet its operating and capital expenditure requirements as well as its
debt service obligations.
TDC NET has entered into a debt service reserve liquidity facility (the Initial DSR Liquidity Facility, as
defined in “Overview of the Security Group and the Financing Structure-Security Group”), which, together with
any funds standing to the credit of the Debt Service Reserve Account, is intended to cover liquidity shortfalls
for purposes of paying interest, fees and scheduled amortisation of principal on the senior secured debt of the
Security Group (the “Senior Debt”), including the Notes. Although the Initial DSR Liquidity Facility is
intended to cover interest payments on the Notes (but excluding principal under the Notes), if such facility is
not available or is insufficient, TDC NET may not be able to make interest payments under the Notes when due
on any interest payment date.
In addition, TDC NET has entered into an operating and capital expenditure reserve facility (the Initial O&C
Reserve Facility, as defined in “Overview of the Security Group and the Financing Structure-Security Group”),
which, together with any funds standing to the credit of the O&C Reserve Account, is intended to cover
liquidity shortfalls in relation to operating expenditure and capital expenditure. However, there can be no
assurance that the Initial O&C Reserve Facility will be available or will be sufficient to cover any liquidity
shortfalls of TDC NET. Although the DSR Liquidity Facility is intended to cover interest payments on the
Notes (but excluding principal under the Notes), if such facility is not available or is insufficient, TDC NET
may not be able to make interest payments under the Notes when due on any interest payment dates.
21

--- Page 23 ---
3.2.1.13 TDC NET may undertake or enter into acquisitions, divestments, joint ventures, strategic partnerships
and other collaborations, which exposes it to risks, and the financial operational and strategic
synergies that TDC NET expects to achieve from such ventures may not materialise and could lead to
TDC NET incurring significant expenses and reduce its profitability
In the past, TDC NET and, prior to the TDC Demerger, TDC Holding, have undertaken or entered into
acquisitions, divestments, joint ventures, strategic partnerships and other collaborations as part of their strategic
objectives and TDC NET may undertake similar ventures in the future. Future acquisitions, divestments, joint
ventures, strategic partnerships and other collaborations may expose TDC NET to financial risks as well as
risks related to accounting, tax, regulation, management and operations, any of which could, individually or in
the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of
operations. When acquiring a business or material assets, TDC NET must integrate such business or material
assets and there can be no assurance that TDC NET will be able to achieve a commercially successful
integration. For example, the businesses that TDC NET acquires may underperform relative to the price paid or
the resources committed by TDC NET, and the strategic rationale underlying the acquisition may not
materialise. Further, TDC NET may not be able to achieve anticipated cost savings, thereby limiting the
projected synergy effects, or it may otherwise be adversely affected by acquisition-related charges which
exceeds those initially estimated. Similarly, any future divestments of strategic assets or divisions could
adversely impact the operations of TDC NET, or the proceeds from such divestments may be reinvested into
businesses or capital expenditures that do not yield the expected results. Should TDC NET undertake new joint
ventures or enter into strategic partnerships or other collaborations, TDC NET may be subject to contractual
obligations and requirements, which may be onerous or require TDC NET to expend significant resources, and
there can be no assurance that such ventures will yield the expected benefits and remain commercially
reasonable. While TDC NET seeks to undertake adequate levels of due diligence processes and limit its
exposure under contractual provisions, there can be no assurance that due diligence processes reveal all related
risks or that the contractual provisions, including indemnification clauses and other risk mitigation measures
TDC NET puts in place will be sufficient.
In addition, acquisitions, divestments, joint ventures, strategic partnerships and other collaborations may not be
completed if TDC NET does not receive the necessary regulatory approvals, including approvals from
competition authorities, or if other closing conditions are not satisfied, and TDC NET may have incurred
significant internal costs and advisory fees associated with such transactions or diverted substantial managerial
resources.
3.2.1.14 TDC NET’s business may be adversely affected by health risks to mobile telecommunications
transmission equipment and devices and TDC NET is subject to health and safety related risks in its
operations
Various reports have alleged that there may be health risks associated with the effects of electromagnetic
signals from antenna sites, mobile handsets, and other mobile and wireless telecommunications devices. TDC
NET cannot assure that further medical research and studies will not in the future establish (which is currently
not known to TDC NET) a link between electromagnetic signals or radio frequency emissions and health
concerns. The actual risk of mobile and wireless telecommunications devices, reports in the media concerning
perceived health risks related to mobile telecommunications or consumer litigation relating to such risks could
adversely affect the operations of TDC NET and result in decreased mobile usage or increased litigation costs.
Public concern over health effects related to electromagnetic radiation may result in increased costs related to
TDC NET’s networks, which may hinder the completion or increase the cost of network deployment, reduce
the coverage of TDC NET’s network and hinder the commercial availability of new services. In addition, these
health concerns may cause the Danish authorities to impose stricter regulations on the construction of base
stations or other telecommunications network infrastructure. If health risks were to result in decreased mobile
usage, increased consumer litigation or stricter regulation, it could have a material adverse effect on TDC
NET’s business, financial condition, and results of operations and therefore may adversely impact the Issuer’s
ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
Furthermore, the nature of the business of TDC NET involves interaction by its employees, or the employees of
its partners, with dangerous machinery and equipment. While TDC NET actively maintains health and safety
policies to minimise such risks and ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, employees may be
injured at work. Customers or third parties may also be involved in accidents relating to the electrical network
of TDC NET. The cost to TDC NET for any such injuries to such employees, customers or third parties may be
substantial, and could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition, and results of
operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
22

--- Page 24 ---
3.2.2 Risks related to security, IT and telecommunication systems
3.2.2.1 A failure in TDC NET’s network and information systems could significantly disrupt TDC NET’s
operations and cause outages of TDC NET’s telecommunications services
TDC NET relies on complex technical and IT infrastructure to operate its business and deliver critical services
to its customers, including operating its infrastructure, managing key networks, as well as accounting, billing
and financial and operational reporting. TDC NET’s IT systems are also important means of communication
both internally and externally with customers, suppliers and regulatory authorities.
These systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other types of failure and compromise resulting
from unintentional, intentional and coincidental events.
Unintentional events are events caused by unintentional human errors, including
•
inadvertent exposure of corporate confidential and personal data;
•
service disruptions caused by inadequate planning and testing of changes before deployment;
•
accidental destruction of digital records;
•
breached confidentiality due to loss of physical devices, storage media, and documents;
•
disrupted availability caused by misunderstandings or flawed coordination of activities;
•
stability issues caused by unknown capacity limitations;
•
loss of control of data at third parties including public cloud providers; and
•
unintended violations of regulatory requirements and contractual limitations.
Intentional events are events caused by intentional malicious actions, including
•
loss of access to systems and data due to malware infections;
•
financial extortion from cyber-attacks, unauthorised access to systems and data, and denial of service
attacks;
•
breached confidentiality due to theft of physical devices, storage media, and documents;
•
unauthorised entry to physical premises and leakage of information;
•
capacity issues stemming from absence of personnel due to labour union strikes (despite critical functions
being contractually prohibited from taking part in such activities);
•
disruptions to services caused by coercion, sabotage, and vandalism;
•
damage from terrorist attacks and geopolitical conflicts; and
•
nation-state and corporate espionage and eavesdropping.
Coincidental events are events caused by natural phenomena like severe weather, earthquakes, floods, pandemic
diseases, wildfires or wildlife, as well as system failures which are not attributable to human error or intentional
events, including;
•
environmental events;
•
capacity issues stemming from absence of personnel due to pandemic situations;
•
unavailability of physical premises due to fire, nearby chemical leaks, and explosions;
•
stability issues caused by hardware failures and vendor firmware bugs;
•
system outages affecting electrical power, ventilation, and other facility services; and
•
external disruptions to network and internet connectivity.
The occurrence of one or more of the unintentional, intentional or coincidental events could impair the ability
of TDC NET to adequately provide its services and lead to significant losses, diversion of management
resources and substantial reputational damage. Macroeconomic and global events including the ongoing conflict
in Ukraine may increase the risk of cyber-attacks targeted at TDC NET. See “The war in Ukraine and the
measures and sanctions imposed by certain countries exposes TDC NET to certain risks”.
23

--- Page 25 ---
In addition, security breaches could compromise the security of information stored in or transmitted through
TDC NET’s systems, including customer data and broadcast transmissions, or compromise the integrity of TDC
NET’s technical systems on a general scale, which could be detriment to TDC NET and its customers. As TDC
NET is a provider of critical national telecommunications infrastructure, any occurrence of such events could
have broad implications on a national scale.
While TDC NET diverts significant resources to ensure the integrity of its IT and network infrastructure from
physical and virtual intrusion and other forms of security breaches or disruptions and has taken out cyber
insurance, TDC NET’s security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented in
a manner which fully prevent such errors, processing inefficiencies, or security breaches, and its cyber
insurance may not provide an adequate level of insurance coverage. If any of these risks should materialise,
TDC NET could face substantial losses, including in the form of revenue losses, deterioration of customer
relations and TDC NET may incur substantial reputational damage, which could have, individually or in the
aggregate, have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations
and therefore may impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.2.2 TDC NET is exposed to risks related to its legacy IT systems
Technological developments may shorten the life cycles of IT systems and facilitate convergence of various
segments in the telecommunications industry. Certain of TDC NET’s legacy IT systems may not match the
functionality or speed of newer IT software held by competitors. TDC NET may be required to deploy new
technologies rapidly if, for example, end-customers demand features of new technologies, such as increased
bandwidth, shorter latency, increased number of connected devices, or if one of TDC NET’s competitors
decides to emphasize a newer technology in its marketing, TDC NET may not be able to compete effectively.
At the point in time where TDC NET selects and advances one technology over another, or decides on whether
to emphasize a specific technology, it may not be possible to accurately predict which technology will prove to
be the most economical, efficient or capable of meeting customer demand or stimulating usage, or how rapidly
any competitor focuses on a particular new technology, and TDC NET may develop or implement a technology
that does not achieve widespread commercial success or that is not compatible with other newly developed
technologies. Furthermore, given the legacy character for certain of TDC NET’s IT systems, the occurrence of
events described in “—A failure in TDC NET’s network and information systems could significantly disrupt
TDC NET’s operations and cause outages of TDC NET’s telecommunications services” is likely to have severe
impact or be more costly to resolve on legacy systems. In addition, legacy systems may require more resources
to keep apprised of new requirements or features, including additional security features or keep apprised of
regulatory developments. If TDC NET is not able to deploy new technologies in the pace required to meet
demand or compete effectively with competitors, TDC NET’s competitive position and operations may be
negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition,
and results of operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under
the Notes.
3.2.2.3 TDC NET is carrying out a structured decommissioning of certain legacy products and services, which
exposes it to certain risks
Certain products offered by TDC NET are subject to decreasing demand from its customers, as end-customers
are increasingly moving away from legacy technology such as fixed line telephony and TV with the fixed
business area or 3G within the mobile business area, and onto newer technologies. Withdrawing products and
platforms from the market is part of TDC NET’s strategy of long-term cost savings across its business and
operations and TDC NET is working to migrate legacy products and services to new technologies and is
committed to delivering the best customer experience while gradually phasing out legacy platforms. When
decommissioning products and services, TDC NET makes certain estimates, assumptions and projections about
the future, including with respect to end-customer demand, which may ultimately prove wrong due to a variety
of factors which may be out of TDC NET’s control, including developments in technology, the macro-
economic and political environment and competition within the industry. If TDC NET is decommission legacy
products or services at a rate which is faster than the decreasing demand for such products and services, TDC
NET may forego business opportunities, which it could otherwise have maintained, and end-customers switch
to service providers that are not serviced by TDC NET. Conversely, if TDC NET is not able to decommission
legacy products and services at a rate which follows the decreasing demand for such products and services, it
may incur costs that outweigh the business potential for continuing to offer such products and services, which
could negatively impact the profitability of TDC NET. If TDC NET is not able to carry out its structured
decommissioning of certain legacy products and services in a manner which meets the demand from the
24

--- Page 26 ---
market, it could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of
operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.3 Risks related to regulation and tax
3.2.3.1 TDC NET may be the subject of legal disputes, which could harm its business, reputation, results of
operations, financial condition and prospects, and changes in applicable laws and regulations or
changed interpretation thereof may adversely affect TDC NET’s business
As a provider of national telecommunications infrastructure, TDC NET’s business exposes TDC NET to legal
disputes, including, without limitation, disputes in relation to contractual matters with customers and suppliers,
disputes relating to data privacy (see “—Privacy and data protection compliance breaches or failure to protect
confidential and proprietary information could harm TDC NET’s reputation and expose it to legal disputes or
regulatory actions or sanctions”), disputes related to tax (see “—TDC is exposed to changes in tax laws or
regulations or in the interpretation thereof and is exposed to the risk of double taxation. TDC NET is further
subject to a joint taxation and VAT arrangement, which exposes it to certain risks”) and disputes relating to
environmental matters and securities litigation. While TDC NET is not currently involved in any material legal
disputes with third parties or regulatory authorities and, to TDC NET’s knowledge, no such disputes are
threatened, there can be no assurance that TDC NET will not in the future become subject to claims, lawsuits
(including class actions and individual lawsuits), government investigations and other proceedings. For
example, TDC NET may inadvertently pollute or cause soil or groundwater contamination due to its excavation
work in carrying out its operations and deploying its fixed network, which could expose it to liability and legal
disputes under environmental laws and regulations. Irrespective of the outcome of such legal disputes brought
against TDC NET, the legal disputes may result in negative publicity and significantly damage the reputation
and brand of TDC NET, and, as result, the demand for the products and services offered by TDC NET may be
limited. Further, TDC NET’s provisions for losses related to pending legal disputes in the future may not be
adequate to cover its ultimate costs in relation to such proceedings and may need to be adjusted as a result of
subsequent developments in, or the final outcome of, such legal disputes, which could lead to TDC NET
incurring substantial losses. Whether or not TDC NET will ultimately prevail in future legal disputes, legal
disputes may be inherently costly and can divert managements’ attention from TDC NET’s business. In
addition, TDC NET may decide to settle legal disputes, which could cause TDC NET to incur significant costs.
A settlement or an unfavourable outcome on any legal dispute could have a material adverse effect on TDC
NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s
ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
Further, TDC NET is subject to numerous laws, rules and regulations, and is under supervision by various
regulatory bodies in Denmark, EU and certain other countries or regions. See “Selected aspects of Regulation
to which TDC NET is subject” for a summary of the regulatory framework applicable to TDC NET.
In particular, TDC NET is subject to sector specific regulation applicable within the telecommunications
industry, which includes certain restrictions and imposes certain obligations on TDC NET, as a result of TDC
NET being deemed to have significant market power in certain markets for its fixed access networks. Further,
TDC NET is designated as the universal service provider under applicable Danish telecommunications
regulation according to which it is under an obligation to offer certain basic telecommunications services to all
end-customers regardless of their location within Denmark, including providing telephony and handling alarm
calls. In addition, the European Communication Code sets out the possibility for national authorities to impose
universal service obligations with respect to broadband. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no such
universal service obligation has been imposed in Denmark with respect to broadband. However, there can be no
assurance that the relevant authority in Denmark will not impose such universal service obligation for
broadband in the future, which could, depending on extent of any such universal service obligation, have a
substantial impact on TDC NET’s business and lead to TDC NET incurring substantial costs and therefore
adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
Further, TDC NET is subject to numerous other laws and regulations, including laws and regulations on
privacy and data protection, cyber-security, tax, labour, environmental matters and employment and
competition. For example, TDC NET is obligated to ensure that its networks and services can accommodate
requests from police authorities for the legal intercept of telecommunications, and TDC NET is further
obligated to retain data for certain periods of time to enable disclosure to relevant authorities for the
investigation of criminal cases, which could expose TDC NET to legal disputes, for example as consumers may
lodge complaints that the data retention procedures of TDC NET is incompatible with applicable data privacy
rules. Changes in laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof applicable to TDC NET or the introduction
of new laws and regulations could increase compliance costs, impact the financial position of TDC NET,
25

--- Page 27 ---
mandate significant costly changes to the way TDC NET operates and impact TDC NET’s ability to increase or
maintain competitive prices for its products and services. For example, as a telecommunications provider TDC
NET consumes substantial amounts of energy and the introduction of certain taxes or indirect taxes, including
with respect to carbon dioxide, could have a significant impact on TDC NET’s financial condition and results
of operation and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
In particular, TDC NET’s business could be materially and adversely affected by any changes in relevant laws
or regulations or in their interpretation regarding, for example, licensing requirements, access and price
regulation, competition, interconnection arrangements, the imposition of universal service obligations, including
in respect of broadband, and/or changes in policy allowing more favourable conditions for other operators.
Such changes in regulation may also lead to reduced incentives to invest in the telecommunications sector.
There can be no assurance that the provision of TDC NET’s services will not be subject to additional or
broader regulation in the future, and changes to the laws and regulations could adversely affect the
implementation of TDC NET’s strategies. Failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations can
lead to civil, administrative or criminal penalties, including but not limited to fines, the revocation of licenses
or restrictions on TDC NET’s business, and TDC NET may incur substantial reputational damage, if found to
be in non-compliance with applicable laws, rules or regulations. TDC NET could also be required to pay
damages or civil judgments in respect of third-party claims. Any of these developments, alone or in
combination, could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of
operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.3.2 Adverse political and macro-economic events or prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns may
negatively impact the business and operations of TDC NET
Adverse political and macro-economic events in Denmark may adversely affect TDC NET and its business and
negatively impact TDC NET’s end-customers, which could limit the demand for the products offered by service
providers and, by extension, TDC NET’s products. In addition, global economic and political factors affecting
the telecommunications industry, including, as an example, inflation, could limit TDC NET’s ability to
complete projects and carry out investments in accordance with TDC NET’s business plans and lead to
significantly increased expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial
condition and results of operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its
obligations under the Notes. In addition, given the inherent nature of TDC NET’s business and its position as a
provider of national telecommunications infrastructure, TDC NET will on a continuous basis engage in
dialogue with political and regulatory authorities, which could lead to TDC NET implementing certain
measures or reflecting developments in the political or regulatory environment in its business and operations in
situations where no legislative or administrative enactments have been or will be formally adopted.
Accordingly, adverse political or regulatory developments could adversely affect TDC NET even in situations
where such developments do not lead to formal regulation.
In addition, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and is likely to continue to have, a significant impact on
the global financial markets and has also directly impacted TDC NET and its business and operations. As a
result of government-imposed lockdowns, TDC NET has experienced delays with respect to deployment of
network as a large number of TDC NET’s employees have been working remotely during the COVID-19
pandemic. Future lockdowns as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or future pandemics, may lead to similar
delays in the business plans of TDC NET. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic has had significant impact on the
global transportation and production systems, which has impacted TDC NET’s supply chain adversely and may
continue to do so in the future. As a result of the overall macro-economic implications of the COVID-19
pandemic, TDC NET has seen credit losses, including insolvencies among some of its customers, which has led
and might lead to additional financial losses and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its
obligations under the Notes.
3.2.3.3 The war in Ukraine and the measures and sanctions imposed by certain countries exposes TDC NET to
certain risks
In February 2022, hostilities escalated in Ukraine. As a result, certain measures, including sanctions against
Russia, Belarus and certain named individuals, have been imposed by multiple jurisdictions and supra-national
bodies, including the United States and the European Union. While TDC NET does not have direct exposure to
Russia or Ukraine through operations or supply chains, the war has had substantial adverse effects on the
global economy and led to inflation in the price of certain goods and services, particularly within the energy
sector, which may increase the cost base for TDC NET and may further impact the profitability of its business.
The impact of the war in Ukraine and the resulting measures and sanctions imposed may have unforeseen,
26

--- Page 28 ---
long-term and far-reaching consequences for the Danish and global economy, which in turn may have material
adverse effects on the business and financial condition of TDC NET.
In the wake of the war, an increased level of cyber threats has been identified in Europe. TDC NET is
particularly exposed to such cyber-attacks as a national provider of telecommunications infrastructure in
Denmark, which could have material adverse effects on its business and operations. See “A failure in TDC
NET’s network and information systems could significantly disrupt TDC NET’s operations and cause outages of
TDC NET’s telecommunications services”.
Further, TDC NET may have reduced access to credit and funding (or the cost of borrowing may increase) as a
result of the macroeconomic effects of the war in Ukraine. The creditworthiness of TDC NET’s customers may
also be affected by such macroeconomic changes, all of which could materially and adversely impact TDC
NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its
obligations under the Notes.
3.2.3.4 TDC NET is exposed to changes in tax laws or regulations or in the interpretation thereof and is
exposed to the risk of double taxation. TDC NET is further subject to a joint taxation and VAT
arrangement, which exposes it to certain risks
TDC NET and TDC NET Holding are subject to Danish joint taxation. The Danish joint taxation also includes
all other Danish entities within the TDC Group and is a mandatory legislative regime that implies a cross tax
group joint and several liability regarding corporate income tax and withholding taxes. The joint and several
liability applies for Danish companies, permanent establishments in Denmark and Danish real estate, which are
currently controlled or historically have been controlled either directly or indirectly by the TDC Group or its
controlling shareholder group, concerning the income years still open for statutory reassessment. The ordinary
statute of limitation in Denmark is three years, whereas the statute of limitation for controlled transactions
between parties comprised by section 2 of the Danish Tax Assessment Act, is five years. In case of gross
negligence, a ten-year statute of limitation applies. It is not possible for the TDC Group to raise tax group
claims under the cross joint taxation group liability against entities that have exited the tax group. Any
potential, current or future liabilities in regard to the described joint and several liability, including for taxes
payable for other entities within the TDC Group, may adversely affect the creditworthiness of TDC NET and
TDC NET Holding.
There is also a risk that the Danish Tax Agency will consider TDC NET as subject to a joint and several
liability for the payment of VAT and payroll tax together with TDC Holding and certain of its other Danish
subsidiaries, including Nuuday.
Tax laws are complex and subject to subjective evaluations and interpretative decisions, and TDC NET will be
periodically subject to tax audits aimed at assessing TDC NET’s compliance with direct and indirect taxes.
Adverse developments in laws or regulations, or any change in position by the tax authorities regarding the
application, administration or interpretation of laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on TDC
NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations or on TDC NET’s ability to service or otherwise
make payments on the Notes and other indebtedness, and tax authorities may not agree with TDC NET’s
interpretations, or with the positions that TDC NET has taken or intends to take on, tax laws applicable to TDC
NET’s ordinary activities and any extraordinary transactions. TDC NET could face tax disputes that could
result in an adverse tax position and have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition
and results of operations or on the ability to service or otherwise make payments on the Notes and other
indebtedness.
3.2.3.5 As a provider of telecommunications infrastructure, TDC NET is subject to certain Danish laws and
regulations which govern foreign direct investments and supplier security
In 2021, a new regulatory framework on screening of certain foreign direct investments in Denmark was
introduced pursuant to the Danish Foreign Direct Investment Act (the “FDI Act”) and related executive orders.
Under the new regulatory framework, a mandatory authorisation scheme was introduced for certain forms of
investments in particularly sensitive sectors and activities, which may include, among others, equity
investments, loans and other debt investments and so-called special economic agreements, such as certain types
of supplier agreements.
As a national provider of telecommunications infrastructure, TDC NET is assessed to operate within a
particularly sensitive sector for purposes of the FDI Act. Therefore, foreign investors in TDC NET may be
subject to a requirement of prior approval by the Danish Business Authority for certain transactions that are
deemed to constitute foreign direct investments in TDC NET for purposes of the FDI Act. If the Danish
27

--- Page 29 ---
Business Authority assesses that the investments may constitute a threat to national security or public order, the
foreign investor, which could include not only equity investors, but also, among others, certain financing
providers or suppliers, may be required to comply with specific agreed-upon conditions in order to alleviate
concerns from the Danish Business Authority (see also “—The provision of loans and other debt financing to
TDC NET, including the Notes, may require prior approval from the Danish Business Authority if the lender or
other creditor, including a Noteholder, thereby acquires similar control by other means for purposes of the FDI
Act” below). If a transaction covered by the mandatory authorisation scheme has been completed without
authorisation, or if the foreign company breaches conditions agreed on or laid down with respect to the
transaction, the Danish Business Authority may order the investment to be divested. The introduction and
interpretation by relevant authorities of this new regulatory regime and similar regulation could have substantial
implications on the operations of TDC NET. For example, if it is assessed that special economic agreements
with TDC NET requires prior approval by the Danish Business Authority, TDC NET could be limited in its
commercial choice of certain suppliers, which could force TDC NET to contract with certain suppliers that may
be more costly than others or exchange existing equipment with equipment from other suppliers resulting in
unforeseen costs. While it is not known to TDC NET to which extent, or at all, it will be subject to the
mandatory authorisation scheme, there can be no assurance that relevant authorities will not interpret the new
regulatory framework to this effect.
TDC NET is further subject to a new sector-specific regulatory framework concerning supplier security. This
regulatory framework was also introduced in 2021 and aims to protect national security interests when
telecommunication providers enter into agreements on deliveries or operation of critical parts of Denmark’s
telecommunications infrastructure. Under this regulatory framework, the Danish Center for Cybersecurity may
impose certain restrictions with respect to agreements and arrangements entered into by TDC NET in relation
its telecommunications infrastructure, including prohibiting TDC NET from contracting with certain foreign
suppliers. TDC NET is further obligated to notify the Danish Center for Cybersecurity whenever TDC NET
envisages acquiring hardware or software related to its critical infrastructure or envisages entry into an
agreement with a supplier of such, and the Danish Center for Cybersecurity may impose certain changes or
prohibit certain agreements being made if it finds that the such the agreement would contravene national
security. As a result of this regulatory framework concerning vendor security, TDC NET is subject to
significant regulatory scrutiny with respect to its choice of suppliers and TDC NET may have to contract with
specific suppliers that may be more costly than others or exchange existing equipment with equipment from
other suppliers resulting in unforeseen costs, and failure to keep apprised of this regulation could lead to TDC
NET incurring substantial losses and suffering significant reputational damage, which could have a material
adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may
adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
3.2.3.6 The provision of loans and other debt financing to TDC NET, including the Notes, may require prior
approval from the Danish Business Authority if the lender or other creditor, including a Noteholder,
thereby acquires similar control by other means for purposes of the FDI Act
Pursuant to the FDI Act, certain foreign direct investments in, and special economic agreements with, TDC
NET will require prior approval from the Danish Business Authority.
For purposes of the FDI Act, “foreign direct investments” are defined as the acquisition of control or
significant influence over a Danish business through direct or indirect possession of or control over ownership
interests or voting rights in the business or “similar control by other means”, including purchase of assets and
long-term loans. The Danish Executive Order no. 1454 of 24 June 2021 further provides that “similar control
by other means” includes, among other things, the right to make or approve decisions relating to material
managerial or financial matters or material development or business matters relating to the Danish business or
in respect of business critical areas of the business pursuant to articles or agreement, including long-term and
non-terminable loan agreements. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Danish Business Authority has not
issued any official guidance as to the specific criteria that must be present in order for loans and other debt
financing, including the Notes, to constitute foreign direct investments for purposes of the FDI Act.
In the context of loans and other debt financing provided by a syndicate of creditors to a Danish business, the
FDI Act should only apply to a creditor that through its participation in the creditor syndicate obtains control or
significant influence over the Danish business. Whether this is the case will depend on a fact specific
assessment considering, among other things, the quorum and majority requirements applicable to decision-
making by the creditor syndicate. Pursuant to guidance from the Danish Business Authority, creditors that are
connected parties pursuant to IAS 24 will be considered as a single creditor for these purposes. In addition,
special agreements between creditors in the creditor syndicate may also impact the assessment as to whether a
28

--- Page 30 ---
creditor obtains control or significant influence over the Danish business through its participation in the creditor
syndicate.
It is the responsibility of each Noteholder to consider and comply with any requirement for prior approval from
the Danish Business Authority in relation to an investment in the Notes, and neither the Issuer nor the
Guarantor accepts any responsibility or liability as to the application of the FDI Act to the Notes or any failure
by a Noteholder to comply with the FDI Act. Any failure by a Noteholder to comply with the FDI Act could
result in, among other things, an order by the Danish Business Authority for the investment in the Notes to be
divested.
3.2.3.7 Privacy and data protection compliance breaches or failure to protect confidential and proprietary
information could harm TDC NET’s reputation and expose it to legal disputes or regulatory actions or
sanctions
In its ordinary course of operations, TDC NET collects, stores and uses personal data, and is subject to data
protection laws, privacy requirements and other regulatory restrictions.
TDC NET’s failure to keep apprised of, and comply with, privacy, data use and security laws, standards and
regulations, including without limitation, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, data, could result in
contractual disputes with customers and suppliers or the imposition of administrative, civil or criminal
penalties, including fines which may be as high as EUR 20 million or 4% of TDC NET’s total worldwide
annual turnover of the preceding calendar year, whichever is higher, for serious infringements of the EU
General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) (“GDPR”).
TDC NET monitors compliance with its obligations under GDPR and reviews data processing activities on an
ongoing basis, but there can be no assurance that it will be able to ensure compliance with the GDPR in all
respects. If TDC NET or any of the third-party service providers on which it relies fail to store or transmit
personal data in a secure manner, or if any loss or wrongful processing of personal data were otherwise to
occur, TDC NET could be subject to administrative, civil and criminal claims and enforcement actions by
relevant regulatory authorities, or suffer substantial reputational damage, which could have a material adverse
effect on TDC NET’s business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore may adversely
impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
In addition, customers of TDC NET, including a number of public and private financial institutions,
government entities and corporate customers with data security requirements, may continue to raise their
requirements for data security, and TDC NET may be required to undertake additional investments in order to
adhere to such increased data security requirements, as well as evolving statutory and regulatory requirements,
including obtaining and maintaining certain certifications, improving access rights management systems and
developing a corporate data encryption infrastructure, which could significantly increase the costs of TDC NET.
Further, customers may decide to terminate their contracts with TDC NET, if TDC NET is unable or unwilling
to keep apprised of such additional requirements. If TDC NET is unable to adhere to increase data security
requirements from customers, it could have a material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial
condition and results of operations and therefore may adversely impact TDC NET’s ability to meet its
obligations under the Notes.
3.2.4 Risks Related to the Structure of the Security Group of which TDC NET forms part
3.2.4.1 The ring-fencing of the Security Group vis-à-vis the broader TDC Group may not be effective
TDC NET and TDC NET Holding are part of the Security Group, which is a sub-set of the broader TDC
Group. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the broader TDC Group includes: (i) the Security Group
comprising TDC NET Holding, TDC NET and subsidiaries of TDC NET; (ii) TDC Holding and other indirect
holding companies of the Security Group; and (iii) Nuuday and certain subsidiaries of Nuuday.
While the Common Documents seek to establish a contractual ring-fence around the Security Group so as to
insulate it from the rest of the TDC Group (see “Summary of the Finance Documents” for further information),
such contractual ring-fence does not provide for full insulation of the Security Group and may prove to be
ineffective. Risks to the ring-fencing of the Security Group may arise for a number of reasons relating to the
practical operations of the Security Group as well as applicable Danish law. The Security Group remains
exposed to the broader TDC Group in several respects, including, among other things, the following:
(i)
the Security Group is exposed to counterparty risk in respect of Nuuday due to the fact that Nuuday is a
significant customer of the Security Group. Accordingly, any default by, or the insolvency of, Nuuday
could have a material adverse effect on the business, receivables, financial condition and results of
29

--- Page 31 ---
operations of the Security Group. See “—TDC NET depends on Nuuday as a customer for a significant
percentage of its revenue and as a supplier of certain services”;
(ii) the Security Group is dependent upon access to critical infrastructure sites that are currently leased by
TDC Holding and sub-leased to TDC NET. Accordingly, any default by TDC Holding under the main
leasing contracts and the resulting termination of the main leasing contracts by the lessors could have a
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Security Group.
See “—TDC NET depends on a sub-leasing arrangement for certain properties leased by TDC Holding”;
(iii) the Security Group is exposed to credit risks in respect of taxes payable by the broader TDC Group as a
result of the operation of joint taxation under Danish law, which provides for mandatory joint taxation of
all Danish entities within the TDC Group. In addition, pending the establishment of a separate VAT group,
the Security Group may also be liable for VAT incurred by Nuuday. See “—TDC is exposed to changes in
tax laws or regulations or in the interpretation thereof and is exposed to the risk of double taxation. TDC
NET is further subject to a joint taxation and VAT arrangement, which exposes it to certain risks”;
(iv) the Security Group is exposed to credit risks in respect of TDC Holding and Nuuday as a result of the
Danish rules on statutory demerger liability. Pursuant to the Danish Companies Act, if a creditor is not
satisfied with respect to any claim against TDC Holding or Nuuday that existed at the time of the
publication of the demerger plan with the Danish Business Authority, then TDC NET may be liable on a
secondary basis for such claim up to an amount of the net value contributed to TDC NET in the demerger.
See “—TDC NET is exposed to risks relating to the demerger of TDC Holding in 2019”;
(v)
the Security Group is dependent upon access to critical IT systems that are owned by Nuuday. See
“—TDC NET depends on Nuuday as a customer for a significant percentage of its revenue and as a
supplier of certain services”; and
(vi) the Security Group is ultimately controlled by the Consortium (as defined in “Shareholders”) whose
interests may conflict with the interests of the Security Group and its creditors. See “—The interests of the
Security Group’s principal shareholders may conflict with the interests of the Security Group and its
creditors, including the Noteholders”.
Each of the above factors, alone or in combination, may have a material adverse effect on the effectiveness of
the ring-fencing of the Security Group vis-à-vis the broader TDC Group and hence the creditworthiness of the
Security Group. If the ring-fencing of the Security Group proves to be ineffective, this may have a material
adverse effect on the value of the Notes and the ability of TDC NET to comply with its payment obligations
under the Notes and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.
In addition, the Security Group conducts various other dealings with members of the broader TDC Group,
principally Nuuday and TDC Holding. Although the Security Group has in place arrangements to ensure that
all dealings with the broader TDC Group are conducted on market terms and for full market value, there can be
no assurance that such arrangements will be effective. This may also create a risk to the ring-fencing and result
in a transfer of value from the ring-fenced Security Group to the broader TDC Group outside of the ring-fence.
3.2.4.2 The interests of the Security Group’s principal shareholders may conflict with the interests of the
Security Group and its creditors, including the Noteholders
The interests of the Consortium (as defined in “Shareholders”) and their affiliates could conflict with the
interests of TDC NET and its creditors, including the Noteholders. While independent governance arrangements
have been put in place to provide for independent management of TDC NET and the Common Terms
Agreement require that there is at least one independent director on the board of directors of TDC NET, TDC
NET will ultimately be controlled by the Consortium. In addition, the Consortium also holds, indirectly, all of
the shares in Nuuday and therefore has a material interest in the operations and business of Nuuday, which
could conflict with the interests of TDC NET and its creditors, including the Noteholders.
3.3 Business and operational risks related to TDC NET Holding
3.3.1 TDC NET Holding is a special purpose company dependent upon the financial performance of
TDC NET
TDC NET Holding is a special purpose company with the sole purpose of acting as holding company for TDC
NET. Accordingly, while TDC NET Holding has granted an unlimited guarantee in favour of the Noteholders,
its principal assets will be the shares in TDC NET and any dividends or other distributions earned as a holding
company of TDC NET.
30

--- Page 32 ---
By virtue of its dependence on TDC NET, each of the risks described above under “—Risks related to the
business and operations of TDC NET”, “—Risks related to security, IT and telecommunication systems” and
“—Risks related to regulation and tax” that affect TDC NET will also indirectly affect TDC NET Holding and
the guarantee and security granted by TDC NET Holding in favour of the Noteholders and its ability to meet its
obligations under the Notes and the guarantee.
3.4 Financing and Structural Risks
3.4.1 Financing Risks and Notes Considerations
3.4.1.1 Danish withholding tax in respect of the Notes
The Issuer and the Guarantor are Danish residents for tax purposes and therefore payments of principal and
interest on the Notes may be subject to Danish withholding tax if and only to the extent the Notes are qualified
as “controlled debt” under applicable Danish tax legislation. All payments in respect of Notes will be made free
and clear of withholding or deduction of Danish taxation, unless the withholding or deduction is required by
law which is currently only the case if the Notes are qualified as “controlled debt” under Danish tax legislation.
See “Tax Considerations—Danish Taxation.” In that event, subject to a number of exceptions, the Security
Group will pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would
have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding or deduction been required.
3.4.1.2 The Notes will initially be held in book-entry form, and therefore Noteholders must rely on the
procedures of the relevant clearing systems to exercise any rights and remedies
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be
deposited with a common depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances
described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain
records of the beneficial interest in each Global Note held through it. While the notes are represented by a
Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems
and their respective participants and therefore may adversely impact the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations
under the Notes.
While Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing system. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global
Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under
the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect
of, beneficial interests in any Global Note.
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.
3.4.1.3 Rating Agency assessments, downgrades and changes to Rating Agencies’ criteria may result in ratings
volatility in respect of the Notes
Any ratings assigned by one or more independent credit rating agencies reflects only the views of the particular
credit rating agency and, in assigning the ratings, each credit rating agency takes into consideration the credit
quality of TDC NET and structural features and other aspects of the transaction of which the Notes form part.
There is no assurance that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not be
reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies as a result of changes in, or
unavailability of, information in relation to TDC NET’s underlying business and performance or if, in the rating
agencies’ judgment, other circumstances so warrant. If any rating assigned to the Notes is lowered or
withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. Future events, including events affecting TDC NET
and/or circumstances relating to the industry in which TDC NET operates, could have an adverse impact on
any rating of the Notes.
3.4.1.4 Credit Rating may not reflect all risks
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating may
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this
section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to
31

--- Page 33 ---
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the
assigning rating agency.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation
or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency
not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the
UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.
3.4.1.5 Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR and CIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the
future
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate (CIBOR) and other
interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing
national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already
effective whilst others are still to be implemented.
The Benchmark Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks,
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU)
No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks
Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked
to EURIBOR, CIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK
Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks,”
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or
unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”.
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that
it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight
rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial
instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates
recommended the new Euro short-term rate (€STR) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order
to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in
its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.
The elimination of EURIBOR, CIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of
any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions
(as further described in Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), or result in adverse
consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest
rates are linked to EURIBOR, CIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore,
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and
as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant
Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the
same benchmark.
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes
unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as
applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series
32

--- Page 34 ---
of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to
a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted
(if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of
such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the
Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original
benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the
Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the
relevant time.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision
with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
3.4.1.6 TDC NET’s hedging programme may not adequately mitigate its exposure to fluctuations in interest
rates
TDC NET operates a hedging programme in accordance with the hedging policy set out in the Common Terms
Agreement in order to hedge, among others, its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. For more details on
the hedging policy, see “Summary of the Finance Documents—STID—Hedging Arrangements”.
However, the hedging policy does not require TDC NET to fully or perfectly hedge TDC NET’s present or
future interest rate exposure and TDC NET may not in practice do so. In addition, TDC NET is subject to the
creditworthiness of, and in certain circumstances early termination of the hedging arrangements by, the Hedge
Counterparties. Whilst a minimum rating requirement will apply to a Hedge Counterparty on the date of entry
into the relevant hedge, neither TDC NET nor any Hedge Counterparty shall have any obligation to take any
action (or to cease to take any action) if any Hedge Counterparty subsequently ceases to satisfy the minimum
rating requirement.
3.4.1.7 The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity
In the event that, as a result of a change in law or regulation, the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to
increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of,
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied,
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision thereof or any authority
therein or thereof having power to tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable measures, the
Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions.
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms specify that the Notes are
redeemable at the Issuer’s option in certain other circumstances and accordingly the Issuer may choose to
redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest
rate as high as that of the Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. An optional
redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may
elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
3.4.1.8 Interest rate risks
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely
affect the value of fixed rate Notes.
3.4.1.9 Notes subject to interest or principal being determined by reference to an index or formula
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes with principal or interest determined by
reference to an index or formula. Potential investors should be aware that they may lose all or a substantial
33

--- Page 35 ---
portion of their principal of any index-linked Notes issued under the Programme. The historical experience of
an index should not be viewed as an indication of the future performance of such index during the term of any
index-linked Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers
about the risks entailed in an investment in any such Notes and the suitability of such Notes in the light of its
particular circumstances.
3.4.1.10 Modifications, waiver and substitution
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the
majority.
The Conditions also provide that the Note Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of
the Notes, the Conditions or the Trust Deed without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or
potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (ii) the substitution of another company in place of the
Issuer or to the Guarantor assuming the obligations of the Issuer provided certain conditions are fulfilled.
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 7(n), in certain circumstances the Note Trustee shall be obliged to
consent to certain changes to the interest calculation of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of
Noteholders.
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes, the Conditions or the Trust Deed may be modified,
waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, waiver or
amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder.
3.4.1.11 Notes with a minimum specified denomination and integral multiples
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the
minimum Specified Denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal
amount of Notes other than a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive definitive Notes in
respect of their holding (provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in excess of the minimum
Specified Denomination), however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in denominations other than the
minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a
result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. TDC
NET may not be able to refinance its senior secured debt (including the Notes) and other debt when it matures
and/or obtain additional financing to cover capital expenditure on reasonable commercial attractive or other
terms
TDC NET will need to refinance its senior secured debt (including the Notes) and other debt as and when it
matures and may need additional financing to cover capital expenditure, including in relation to fibre roll-out
and payments under spectrum licenses. TDC NET can provide no assurance that it will be able to raise new
financing in the future on commercially attractive terms or at all. Whether such financing is available on
commercially acceptable terms or at all will depend on a number of factors, which may be outside the control
of TDC NET. Adverse economic or capital markets developments and geopolitical conditions, such as the ones
experienced during the global financial crisis beginning in 2008, may negatively impact on TDC NET’s ability
to obtain financing. If TDC NET is not able to obtain additional financing or refinance its existing debt in the
future on terms that are commercially acceptable or at all, TDC NET may not be able to make commercial
advantageously decisions and TDC NET may ultimately default on its existing debt, which could have a
material adverse effect on the Noteholders’ ability to recover payments due under the Notes.
3.4.1.12 There is no active trading market for the Notes
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active
trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a
single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Although applications have been made for the
Notes to be admitted to the official list and trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market
there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so
34

--- Page 36 ---
admitted, or that an active trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. Therefore,
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect
on the market value of Notes. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to
their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor as the case may be. Because
the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders of the Notes will
have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor.
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Bearer Notes or Global
Registered Notes (together the “Global Notes”) (as the case may be). Such Global Notes will be deposited with
a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to
receive definitive Notes or, in the case of Global Registered Notes, Individual Note Certificates. Euroclear and
Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the
Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial
interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants.
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer and the Guarantor will discharge their
payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper, as
the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder
of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream,
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer and the Guarantor have no responsibility
or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes.
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.
3.4.1.13 If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding
The Issuer, or as the case may be, the Guarantor, will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Specified Currency”). This presents certain risks relating to
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency
unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates
may fluctuate significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of
the Investor’s Currency). An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified
Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor’s
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent
market value of the Notes.
3.4.1.14 The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference
rates for Floating Rate Notes
The use of risk-free rates—including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) the Secured
Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and the Euro short-term rate (€STR), as reference rates for Eurobonds
continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how
widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this
Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index,
SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when
compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for
the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the
market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time.
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial
35

--- Page 37 ---
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of
Notes referencing such risk-free rates.
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate
notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding
formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates,
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s
forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates)
or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in
securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those
of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used.
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which
reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices.
3.4.1.15 Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a
limited history
Risk-free rates may differ from other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average
basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on
interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to
interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an
unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have,
on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason,
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may
change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future
performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data.
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on
such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT
systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked
to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of
an Event of Default under Condition 14 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is
not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become
due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.
3.4.1.16 The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or
€STR or any related index
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the
value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free
rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or
timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any
related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting,
revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.
36

--- Page 38 ---
3.4.2 Risks related to Sustainability-Linked Notes
3.4.2.1 Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics
In May 2022 the Issuer adopted a sustainability-linked finance framework to issue different types of
sustainability-linked
instruments,
including
bonds
and
loans
(the
“Sustainability-Linked
Finance
Framework”). See “Description of TDC NET—TDC NET’s Sustainability Strategy”.
As provided in Condition 9 (Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of
Notes may specify that the Notes will be issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes. In this case, an interest rate
step-up or a payment of a premium amount will be triggered upon the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked
Trigger Event as selected and specified in the Final Terms. A Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event may occur
(i) if the Issuer fails to achieve a Sustainability Performance Target on the relevant Target Observation Date or
(ii) if the Issuer fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Performance Report or the Limited Assurance
Report in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event).
Any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any
future legal or quasi-legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. The
Sustainability Performance Targets specified in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Series of Notes
may be inconsistent with, or insufficient to satisfy, investors' requirements or expectations. The Sustainability
Performance Targets will be aimed at reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The Issuer's Sustainability
Performance Targets are uniquely tailored to the Issuer's business, operations and capabilities, and they do not
easily lend themselves to benchmarking against similar sustainability performance targets of other issuers.
Prospective investors in any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme should have regard to the
information set out herein and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose
of any investment in such Notes, together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.
In addition, the Sustainability-Linked Notes are not being marketed as “green bonds”, “social bonds” or
“sustainable bonds” as the relevant net proceeds of the issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes will be used
for (i) the refinancing of existing indebtedness of the Issuer and its indirect holding company TDC Holding and
(ii) general corporate purposes of the Security Group, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
The Issuer does not commit to allocate the relevant net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities
meeting sustainability criteria, or any other limitations or requirements that may be associated with green
bonds, social bonds or sustainability bonds in any particular market, except as specified in the relevant Final
Terms. In this context, there may be adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts resulting from the
Issuer’s efforts to achieve any Sustainability Performance Target or from the use of the net proceeds from the
offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what
constitutes, a “sustainability-linked”, “ESG-linked” or an equivalently labelled financial instrument, and
legislative and non-governmental developments in respect of sustainable finance are numerous and continue to
evolve. As a result, the Sustainability-Linked Notes as investments may not respect, or may cease during the
life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to respect, certain requirements, whether legislation, taxonomies,
standards, guidelines, or other investment criteria or guidelines. In particular, the Sustainability-Linked Notes
may not qualify, or may cease during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to qualify, for certain dedicated
sustainability-linked bond, ESG-related securities or other equivalently-labelled indices that may be important
for the Noteholders to comply with, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its
own by-laws or investment portfolio mandates.
Furthermore, in the event that such Sustainability-Linked Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any
dedicated green, environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the
Guarantor, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Additionally, it should be
noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or
securities market to another, and no representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantor,
the Arrangers, the Dealers or any person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in
respect of any such Sustainability-Linked Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading
will be maintained during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.
37

--- Page 39 ---
Should any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme not meet the requirements or expectations
of an individual Noteholder, this could require such Noteholder to dispose of the Sustainability-Linked Notes at
the then prevailing market price. If the Sustainability-Linked Notes generally fail to satisfy investors'
requirements or expectations,this may have a material negative effect on the market value and/or the liquidity
of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.
3.4.2.2 Risks that may result from the failure to meet the Sustainability Performance Targets
Although the Issuer may intend to meet the Sustainability Performance Targets as specified in the relevant
Final Terms for any Sustainability-Linked Notes, there can be no assurance of the extent to which the Issuer
will be successful in doing so. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not in the future
decide to discontinue the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) or otherwise to discontinue its current
sustainability strategy as described in this Base Prospectus. Any failure to meet the Sustainability Performance
Targets may occur due to a variety of factors, some of which are outside the Issuer's control, such as the
development of new technological solutions as well as political support for and investments in renewable
energy. In particular, the Issuer's ability to achieve its target of becoming net-zero in its own operations
(scope 1 and 2 of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol) by 2028 is dependent upon the availability of corporate power
purchase agreements, which in turn is dependent upon future investments in the Danish electricity grid in order
to provide the infrastructure for transition to renewable energy. The Issuer's ability to achieve its target of
becoming net-zero in the entire value-chain (scope 3 of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol) by 2030 is further
dependent upon the commitment of the Issuer's suppliers to engage in the transition to renewable energy.
Although any failure by the Issuer to meet the relevant Sustainability Performance Targets will give rise to an
interest rate step-up or payment of a premium amount, it will not be an Event of Default under the
Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Common Terms Agreement nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or
redeem any Sustainability-Linked Notes in such circumstances.
Certain investors may have portfolio mandates that require them, or they may otherwise wish, to dispose of
their Sustainability-Linked Notes upon the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event due to a failure
by the Issuer to achieve any Sustainability Performance Target, even if the resulting interest rate step-up or
payment of a premium amount has the effect of increasing the yield on the relevant Sustainability-Linked
Notes. In addition, the Sustainability-Linked Notes may be excluded from any dedicated green, environmental,
sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market and/or from any
equivalently-labelled index which may have material consequences for the future trading prices of the
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.
3.4.2.3 Achieving any Sustainability Performance Target or otherwise pursuing the Issuer's sustainability
strategy may require the Group to expend significant resources, while not meeting any such targets
would result in increased payments and could expose the Issuer to reputational risks
The Issuer may need to expend significant economic resources in order to achieve the Sustainability
Performance Target(s) in relation to any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme and/or
otherwise for purposes of pursuing the Issuer's sustainability strategy as in force from time to time.If the capital
expenditures are substantially higher than anticipated in order to achieve the Sustainability Performance
Target(s), the financial and competitive position of TDC NET may be negatively affected, which could have a
material adverse effect on TDC NET’s business and financial condition.
In addition, if the Issuer fails to achieve its Sustainability Performance Target(s) in relation to any
Sustainability-Linked Notes, this will give rise to an interest rate step-up or payment of a premium amount and
thereby have a direct negative impact on the Issuer’s financial position.
In addition to the economic impact, any failure by the Issuer to achieve its Sustainability Performance Targets
could also harm the Issuer’s reputation, brand value and customer relations, which in turn could have a
significant negative impact on the demand for the Issuer’s products and services and lead to revenue losses, the
consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and its business
prospects, financial condition and results of operations and ultimately its ability to fulfil its payments
obligations in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.
3.4.2.4 Risks of change in standards and guidelines and of recalculation
The key performance indicators underlying the Sustainability Performance Targets of the Issuer are calculated
in accordance with certain standards and guidelines, in particular the GHG Protocol Standard. These standards
and guidelines may change over time and the Issuer will apply these as they may be amended and updated
from time to time to calculate its key performance indicators. As a consequence, the way in which the Issuer
38

--- Page 40 ---
calculates its key performance indicators may also change over time. Such change (in particular in the
calculation methods) could lead to an increase or decrease of the performance of the Issuer in relation to any of
its key performance indicators while still being able to satisfy the Sustainability Performance Targets and
avoiding the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event and the payment to the Noteholders of an
increased interest rate or premium amount.
In addition, if (i) a significant change to the structure of the Issuer and its subsidiaries; or (ii) a significant
change in methodology in calculation of (a) GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (where Sustainability
Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms); and/or (b) GHG Emissions (Scope 3)
(where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final Terms) that requires a
recalculation of GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified
in the applicable Final Terms) and/or GHG Emissions (Scope 3) (where Sustainability Performance Target
(SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final Terms) for any reporting year (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
any past reporting year) may give rise to a recalculation of the Sustainability Performance Baseline and/or the
Sustainability Performance Targets. Any such recalculation may be made without the prior consultation of the
Noteholders, as further specified in Condition 9(c)(ii) (Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event).
As a consequence, any of these changes to the standards, guidelines or in the calculation methodology may not
be in line with investors’ expectations. Such changes may have a negative effect on the market value of the
Sustainability-Linked Notes.
3.4.2.5 No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose
whatsoever of any opinion, report, certification or validation of any third party in connection with the
offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes or any Sustainability Performance Targets to fulfil any
sustainable, sustainability-linked and/or other criteria
In connection with the adoption of its Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework, the Issuer has obtained an
independent, ex-ante second party opinion from Sustainalytics regarding the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked
Finance Framework. In addition, the Issuer intends to obtain a verification by a qualified external and
independent reviewer with relevant expertise of its actual performance level against the Sustainability
Performance Targets an annual basis. The verification shall be conducted with limited assurance by the external
reviewer.
Second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions, certifications and validations are not
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight and such opinions may vary amongst
such providers as the methodologies used to provide such opinions may differ. Any such opinions are not
indicative of the Issuer’s current or future operating or financial performance or any future ability to service the
Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any such opinion or certification would not be, nor should it be deemed to be, a
recommendation by the Issuer, the guarantor, the Arrangers, the Dealers, any provider of an opinion or
certification or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Sustainability-Linked Notes. Noteholders would have
no recourse against the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any provider of any such opinion or
certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date it is
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion,
certification or validation and/or the information contained therein and/or the credibility of the provider of such
opinion, certification or validation for the purpose of any investment in any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued
under the Programme. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or certification, or any such opinion or certification
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters on which such opinion,
certification or validation is opining or certifying, may have a material adverse effect on the value of any
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme and/or result in adverse consequences for certain
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.
3.4.3 Risks Related to the Transaction Security and Danish Insolvency Laws
3.4.3.1 The value of the Transaction Security may not be sufficient to satisfy the Issuer’s obligations under the
Notes and other Senior Debt of the Issuer sharing in the Transaction Security pari passu with, or in
priority to, the Notes
The obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor with respect to the Notes are secured by certain security
granted by the Issuer and the Guarantor, including:
(i)
security granted by the Guarantor in respect of its shares in the Issuer, bank accounts and certain
intercompany loans; and
39

--- Page 41 ---
(ii) security granted by TDC NET in respect of its shares in its direct subsidiaries, bank accounts, certain
intercompany loans, rights under certain insurance policies, rights under spectrum licenses and certain
trade receivables.
(together, the “Transaction Security”). See “Summary of the Finance Documents—STID—Transaction Security
Documents”.
The Transaction Security has been granted in favour of all senior secured creditors of the Issuer and the
Guarantor from time to time and not only the Noteholders. Accordingly, if the value of the Transaction Security
is less than the claims of the Noteholders under the Notes and the claims of all other senior secured creditors
under their respective senior secured debt, the Noteholders’ claims will be diluted. In addition, in an
enforcement scenario the proceeds of any Transaction Security will be applied in accordance with the Standstill
and Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments (as set out in the STID) in which certain other transaction parties
will rank ahead of the Noteholders in respect of the Transaction Security. These priority claims ranking ahead
of the Noteholders include, among others, certain obligations owed by the Security Group to the Security Agent
(in its individual capacity), the Note Trustee and ratings agencies.
The senior secured creditors (including the Noteholders) are be secured only to the extent of the value of the
Transaction Security. The Transaction Security does not comprise all assets of the Issuer and the Guarantor. If
the value of the Transaction Security is not sufficient to repay all amounts due in respect of the Senior Debt
(including the Notes), the senior secured creditors (including the Noteholders) will only have an unsecured
claim against the Security Group’s remaining unencumbered assets (if any). Furthermore, pursuant to the
Danish Bankruptcy Act certain claims rank in priority to general unsecured claims including, among others,
certain salary claims of employees. If the remaining unencumbered assets of the Issuer and the Guarantor are
not sufficient to repay all unsecured claims after repayment in full of priority claims, the Noteholders may lose
their investment in whole or in part.
3.4.3.2 The registered negative pledges may not be effective
The Transaction Security includes negative pledges (in Danish: pantsætningsforbud) registered in the Danish
Register of Chattel Mortgages (in Danish: Personbogen) with respect to TDC NET and TDC NET Holding.
The registered negative pledges will prevent TDC NET and TDC NET Holding from granting security over
chattels and certain other business assets by way of mortgage (in Danish: underpant) without the consent of the
Security Agent to the extent such security is otherwise required to be registered in the Danish Register of
Chattel Mortgages. However, these negative pledges will not prevent other unsecured creditors from levying
execution nor can the negative pledges prevent a sale of the chattels and certain other business assets or the
grant of certain types of security under Danish law which are not required to be registered in the Danish
Register of Chattel Mortgages.
In addition, the Transaction Security includes negative pledges (in Danish: pantsætningsforbud) registered in
the Danish Land Register (in Danish: Tingbogen) with respect to approx. 1,500 property sites owned by TDC
NET. The registered negative pledges will prevent TDC NET from granting security by way of mortgage over
the relevant properties without the consent of the Security Agent. However, these negative pledges will not
prevent other unsecured creditors from levying execution nor can the negative pledges prevent a sale of the
properties.
3.4.3.3 The Transaction Security may not be duly perfected and may be ineffective
The Transaction Security governed by Danish law includes, among others, security over bank accounts, certain
intercompany loans, rights under certain insurance policies and rights under spectrum licenses. The providers of
such Transaction Security are entitled to deal with the assets subject to such Transaction Security, until an
acceleration of the Senior Debt has occurred, including, among others, withdrawing funds from the bank
accounts, receiving payments on the intercompany loans, receiving payments under the insurance policies and
dealing with the spectrum licenses. As a result, such Transaction Security may not have been duly perfected
under Danish law and there is a risk that the Noteholders and other Secured Creditors will not have priority to
the assets subject to such Transaction Security at the time of enforcement thereof.
In addition, it is not entirely clear under Danish law how security over spectrum licenses should be granted and
perfected. Whilst TDC NET has agreed to grant Transaction Security over its spectrum licenses, there is a risk
that such Transaction Security may not have been duly perfected by notice of such Transaction Security to the
Danish Energy Agency. As a result, there is a risk that the Noteholders and other Secured Creditors will not
have priority to the assets subject to such Transaction Security at the time of enforcement thereof.
40

--- Page 42 ---
Any failure to properly perfect the security interests created or purported to be created under the Transaction
Security Documents in accordance with applicable Danish law may adversely affect the priority of such
security interest against third parties, including a trustee in bankruptcy or other creditors who claim a security
interest in the same assets. This may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Noteholders to receive
proceeds from any enforcement of the Transaction Security.
In addition, to the extent that Danish law applies, any contractual subordination of claims (including, without
limitation, any subordination of claims pursuant to the terms of the STID) may be treated as a security interest
under Danish law. If the creditor of such subordinated claim is not sufficiently deprived of its ability to deal
with the claim (including, without limitation, receiving payments in respect thereof), there is a risk that the
security interest will not have been properly perfected under Danish law and that the subordination of such
claim may be invalid or otherwise ineffective on an insolvency or otherwise.
3.4.3.4 The insolvency laws of Denmark may not be as favourable to Noteholders as the insolvency laws of
other jurisdictions and may preclude Noteholders from recovering payments due on the Notes
TDC NET and TDC NET Holding are incorporated under the laws of Denmark. Accordingly, any insolvency
proceedings with respect to TDC NET and TDC NET Holding may proceed under, and be governed by, the
insolvency laws of Denmark.
There is no special Danish legislation relating to insolvency proceedings in respect of telecommunication
companies such as TDC NET. Any insolvency proceedings with respect to TDC NET should therefore be
subject to the general insolvency laws applicable to Danish limited liability companies as set out in the Danish
Bankruptcy Act.
The insolvency laws of Denmark may be materially different from, and may not be as favourable to
Noteholders as, the insolvency laws of other jurisdictions with which investors may be familiar, including (but
not limited to) in the areas of rights of creditors, priority of governmental and other creditors, ability to obtain
post-bankruptcy decree interest, timing and manner of enforcement of security and duration of the proceedings.
In addition, Danish insolvency laws do not provide secured creditors with the right to appoint an administrative
receiver as is the case for the holder of a “qualifying floating charge” under English insolvency laws. The
absence of an administrative receiver may reduce the Noteholders’ ability to take control of the business in case
of an insolvency proceeding with respect to TDC NET.
If insolvency proceedings are commenced against TDC NET, the Noteholders will receive payments from the
guarantee granted by TDC NET as a calculated dividend of the proceeds of assets which have been liquidated
as part of the bankruptcy proceedings based on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes. The dividend
will be disbursed as a lump sum at the time of the conclusion of the bankruptcy estate.
3.4.3.5 The Transaction Security may be challenged or voidable in an insolvency proceeding
The Transaction Security granted by TDC NET Holding and TDC NET may be avoided or otherwise held to be
unenforceable if the provider of such Transaction Security becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding under
the Danish Bankruptcy Act.
The Danish Bankruptcy Act includes various avoidance rules (clawback rules) that, subject to certain
conditions, may entitle the bankruptcy estate to avoid the debtor’s transactions completed prior to the
bankruptcy if such transactions have caused loss to the estate, reduced the assets of the estate or otherwise
damaged the estate and/or if the transactions have favoured one or more particular creditors without observing
the ranking of the creditors pursuant to the statutory priority of claims. In particular, security may be set aside
if, among other things, (i) the security for the debt was not granted to the creditor before or at the time the debt
was incurred; or (ii) the security was not perfected before, or without undue delay after, the time when the debt
was incurred. These timing requirements in respect of granting of security and perfection of security are
interpreted very strictly under Danish law. In such situations, security could be set aside if it has not been
perfected later than three months prior to the date on which the bankruptcy court receives the petition for
bankruptcy proceedings (the “reference date”) and in some cases avoidance can be claimed for security granted
before. If the security is granted to related parties, the voidance period is extended to two years. Voidance is a
real risk in respect of Transaction Security subject to Danish law.
41

--- Page 43 ---
3.4.3.6 Unsecured creditors may file for insolvency and disrupt a restructuring process led by the senior
secured creditors
As a general rule, the debtor or any creditor may present a petition for bankruptcy. A bankruptcy requires the
Bankruptcy Court to be satisfied that the debtor is insolvent based on a statement of the debtor’s liquidity status
and that the insolvency is not purely of a temporary nature. A bankruptcy petition by a creditor is barred if the
creditor is adequately protected in the event of the debtor’s insolvency by means of good and valid security. A
bankruptcy petition by a creditor is also barred during judicial restructuring procedures that are commenced
through the Bankruptcy Court. A creditor may also file a petition for bankruptcy during a restructuring
procedure which has not been commenced through the Bankruptcy Court. Whilst the Security Group is required
to maintain an O&C Reserve Facility for purposes of satisfying the claims of certain unsecured creditors during
times of distress, there can be no assurance that the O&C Reserve Facility will provide sufficient liquidity to
satisfy the claims of all unsecured creditors or prevent any unsecured creditor from declaring TDC NET
bankrupt.
3.4.3.7 It may be difficult to enforce and realise the value of the Transaction Security
Enforcement of the Transaction Security will be subject to certain restrictions under Danish law, including
general restrictions and specific regulatory restrictions, which could adversely affect the ability of the Senor
Creditors to realise the value of the Transaction Security.
Due to the specific and regulated nature of the Security Group, there may not be a market for a sale of the
shares in TDC NET upon an enforcement of the share pledge granted by TDC NET Holding over the shares in
TDC NET and certain other assets subject to the Transaction Security, including spectrum licenses, which may
substantially delay or even prevent the liquidation of such shares and other assets.
Furthermore, any enforcement of the Transaction Security granted by TDC NET over its rights under spectrum
licenses will be subject to compliance with both the specific terms of the spectrum licenses issued by the
Danish Energy Agency and applicable legislation, including the Danish Act on Radio Frequencies. The Danish
Energy Agency has authority to revoke the spectrum licenses in certain circumstances, including if the deferred
purchase price is not paid when due and/or coverage requirements/technical requirements are not met. In
addition, the Danish Energy Agency may not approve a sale of the spectrum licenses upon an enforcement,
which may prevent the senior secured creditors from realising the value of the Transaction Security.
Enforcement of the Transaction Security, including the share pledge granted by TDC NET Holding over the
shares in TDC NET, may also require the prior consent of the Danish Business Authority pursuant to the FDI
Act. Whilst the related Danish Executive Order on Procedures etc. when Applying for Authorisation for or
Notification of Certain Foreign Direct Investments or Special Financial Agreements in Denmark (in
Danish: procedurebekendtgørelsen) provides for an exemption from the approval schemes under the Act in
relation to the grant or enforcement of security interest in respect of loans and other obligations, the scope of
this exemption is unclear and may not be applicable to an enforcement by the Security Agent on behalf of the
senior secured creditors .
The amount of funds that may be realised by the senior secured creditors may also be limited or reduced by
other factors, including, among other things: (i) if certain Danish perfection formalities are not satisfied; (ii) if
claims are subject to a deduction of realisation costs; (iii) if certain legal formalities are not taken at the time or
before the enforcement action is taken; or (iv) a court or a bankruptcy trustee takes any step within the
insolvency laws of Denmark that may delay or prevent the Security Agent or the senior secured creditors from
realising the assets of the Security Group. Difficulties in realising the full value of the Transaction Security
adversely may impact adversely the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes.
Further, any enforcement action (including any acceleration of the Notes) may cause the Issuer and/or the
Guarantor to file for insolvency or otherwise be value destructive, which may also impact the ability of the
Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes.
3.4.3.8 The Transaction Security has been granted to the Security Agent rather than directly to the Noteholders
and the ability of the Security Agent to enforce the Transaction Security may be limited or restricted by
Danish law
The STID will provide that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, only the Security Agent has the right to
enforce the Transaction Security on behalf of the Note Trustee and the Noteholders. As a consequence of such
contractual provisions, the Noteholders will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the
Transaction Security, except through the Note Trustee, who will (subject to the provisions of the
42

--- Page 44 ---
Notes Documents and the provisions of the Transaction Security Documents) provide instructions to the
Security Agent in respect of the Transaction Security and in accordance with the STID.
It is uncertain under Danish law whether obligations to beneficial owners of the Notes that are not identified as
registered holders in a Transaction Security Document will be validly secured. Concerns under Danish law
regarding the ability of the Security Agent to hold the relevant Transaction Security on behalf of the
Noteholders can be addressed by registering the Security Agent with the Danish Financial Supervisory
Authority in accordance with the rules set out in Chapter 4 of the Danish Capital Markets Act. As of the date
of this Base Prospectus, the Security Agent has not been registered with the Danish Financial Supervisory
Authority. No assurance can be given that the Security Agent or the terms of the Finance Documents meet the
eligibility criteria for the Security Agent to be registered with the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority, that
such registration will be obtained or, if obtained, that it will be maintained.
43

--- Page 45 ---
4. PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
4.1 Presentation of Financial Information
The historical financial information included in this Base Prospectus is the historical consolidated financial
information of TDC NET and its consolidated subsidiaries and has, unless otherwise indicated, been derived
from the audited consolidated financial statements of TDC NET as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021
(the “Financial Statements for 2021”) and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended
31 December 2020 (the “Financial Statements for 2020” and together with Financial Statements for 2021 the
“Audited Financial Statements”). The Audited Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards, as endorsed by the EU (“IFRS”) and in accordance with the
additional requirements in the Danish Financial Statements Act. The Financial Statements for 2021 have been
audited by TDC NET’s independent auditors, Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab (“Deloitte”), as
stated in their audit report appearing therein. The audit of the Financial Statements for 2020 was undertaken by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, TDC NET Holding is a holding company and the direct sole shareholder
of TDC NET. TDC NET Holding was incorporated on 29 November 2021. TDC NET Holding acquired the
entirety of the shares of TDC NET from TDC Holding on 3 February 2022 by way of contribution in kind of
the shares of TDC NET. TDC NET Holding does not carry out any business other than holding the shares of
TDC NET and acting as a guarantor and security provider in relation to the Notes and certain other financing of
the Security Group. As a result, no separate financial information of TDC NET Holding is presented or
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, other than the audited opening balance sheet for TDC NET
Holding as at 29 November 2021 (the “Guarantor Opening Balance Sheet”) which is incorporated by
reference in this Base Prospectus. The Guarantor Opening Balance Sheet has been prepared in accordance with
IFRS as endorsed by the EU.
Unless otherwise noted, the Audited Financial Statements, the Guarantor Opening Balance Sheet and the
financial information included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have been presented in DKK.
Apart from the Audited Financial Statements and the Guarantor Opening Balance Sheet, this Base Prospectus
does not contain financial information which has been audited by TDC NET’s independent auditors or other
auditors.
Financial information that has previously been published for any financial year can differ from subsequently
published financial information due to the retrospective implementation of changes in accounting policies and
other retrospective adjustments made in accordance with IFRS.
Neither TDC NET nor TDC NET Holding currently anticipate any retrospective implementation of changes in
accounting policies or other retrospective adjustments. However, any such retrospective implementations of
changes in accounting policies and other retrospective adjustments made in accordance with IFRS may affect
subsequently published financial information.
4.2 Alternative Performance Measures/Non-IFRS Measures
This Base Prospectus contains alternative performance measures/non-IFRS financial measures, which are not
recognised measures under IFRS and which constitute alternative performance measures including as defined in
the European Securities and Market Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures dated
5 October 2015 (“Non-IFRS Measures”).
The Non-IFRS Measures presented herein are not measures of financial performance under IFRS, but are
measures used by TDC NET to monitor the underlying performance of its business and operations. None of
these measures have been audited or reviewed, and they may not be indicative of TDC NET’s historical results
of operations, nor are such measures meant to be predictive of TDC NET’s future results of operations. See
“Selected Historical Financial Information—Selected Alternative Performance Metrics—non-IFRS measures”
for a description of the Non-IFRS Measures applied by TDC NET and a reconciliation to the nearest IFRS
measure, as applicable.
TDC NET presents these Non-IFRS Measures because it considers them important supplemental measures of
its performance and believes that they are widely used by investors in comparing performance between
companies. However, not all companies calculate alternative performance measures/non-IFRS financial
measures in the same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result, these measures and ratios may not be
comparable to measures used by other companies under the same or similar names. Accordingly, undue reliance
should not be placed on the alternative performance measures/non-IFRS financial measures contained in this
44

--- Page 46 ---
Base Prospectus, and they should not be considered as a substitute for net sales, gross profit or any other
financial measure computed in accordance with IFRS.
4.3 Rounding adjustments and percentages
Rounding adjustments have been made in calculating some of the financial information included in this Base
Prospectus. As a result, figures shown as totals in some tables may not be exact arithmetic aggregations of the
figures that precede them.
Certain percentages presented in the tables in this Base Prospectus reflect calculations based upon the
underlying information prior to rounding and, accordingly, may not conform exactly to the percentages that
would be derived if the relevant calculations were based upon the rounded numbers.
4.4 Trademarks and Copyrights
TDC NET owns or has rights to certain trademarks or trade names that it uses in connection with the operation
of its business. TDC NET asserts, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to its trademarks, trade
names and service marks. Each trademark or trade name of any other company appearing in this Base
Prospectus belongs to its holder. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, trade names or service marks and
copyrights referred to in this Base Prospectus are listed without the ©, ® or ™symbols.
4.5 Presentation of Compound Annual Growth Rate
The compound annual growth rates (“CAGR”) presented in this Base Prospectus represent the CAGR between
the dates stated or for a period.
4.6 Foreign currency presentation
The Audited Financial Statements are presented in DKK. Unless otherwise noted, all amounts in this Base
Prospectus are expressed in DKK.
As used in this Base Prospectus, references to (i) “Danish krone”, “Danish kroner” or “DKK” are to the
Danish krone, the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Denmark; (ii) “euro” or “EUR” are to the euro, the
lawful currency of the participating member states in the Third Stage of the European and Monetary Union of
the Treaty Establishing the European Community; (iii) “USD” are to the United States Dollar, the lawful
currency of the United States of America; and (iv) “GBP” are to the British pound sterling.
4.7 Third-party information
This Base Prospectus contains statistics, data and other information relating to markets, market sizes, market
shares, market positions and other industry data pertaining to TDC NET’s business and markets. Unless
otherwise indicated, the information contained in this Base Prospectus related to markets, market sizes, market
shares and market positions are the views of the Company, informed by multiple sources, including a market
study commissioned by TDC NET and prepared by international management consultants.
While the Issuer can confirm that information from external sources has been accurately reproduced, the Issuer
has not independently verified and cannot give any assurances as to the accuracy of market data as presented in
this Base Prospectus that was extracted or derived from these external sources. As far as the Issuer is aware
and able to ascertain from this information, no facts have been omitted which would render the information
provided inaccurate or misleading.
Industry publications or reports generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources
believed to be reliable, but the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. Market data
and statistics are inherently predictive and subject to uncertainty and not necessarily reflective of actual market
conditions. Such statistics are based on market research, which itself is based on sampling and subjective
judgements by both the researchers and the respondents, including judgements about what types of products
and transactions should be included in the relevant market.
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers nor the Arrangers make any representations, warranties or undertakings,
express or implied and accept no responsibility as to the accuracy and completeness of such information that
was extracted or derived from these external sources. Thus, any development in TDC NET’s activities may
deviate from the market developments stated in the Base Prospectus. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers nor the
Arrangers assume any obligation to update such information.
45

--- Page 47 ---
Unless otherwise indicated in this Base Prospectus, any references to or statements regarding the market as
such and TDC NET’s competitive position have been based on the Issuer’s own assessment and knowledge of
the market, regions and countries in which TDC NET operates.
As a result of the foregoing, prospective investors should be aware that statistics, data, statements and other
information relating to markets, market sizes, market shares, market positions and other industry data in this
Base Prospectus (and projections, assumptions and estimates based on such information) may not be reliable
indicators of TDC NET’s future performance and the future performance of the industry in which it operates.
Such indicators are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to the limitations described
above and to a variety of other factors, including those described in “Risk factors” and elsewhere in this Base
Prospectus.
4.8 Forward-looking statements
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus, including, but not limited to, certain statements in the section under
the heading “Risk Factors” and “Description of TDC NET” are based on views of TDC NET, as well as on
assumptions made by and information currently available to management, and such statements may constitute
forward-looking statements within the meaning of securities laws of certain jurisdictions. Forward-looking
statements can generally be identified by the words “assumption”, “goal”, “guidance”, “objective”, “outlook”,
“strategy”, “target” and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “targets”, “believes”,
“estimates”, “expects”, “aims”, “intends”, “plans”, “seeks”, “will”, “may”, “might”, “anticipates”, “would”,
“could”, “should”, “continues” or similar expressions or the negative forms thereof. Other forward-looking
statements can be identified in the context in which the statements are made.
Forward-looking statements include any statements that do not refer to historical facts. They include, but are
not limited to, statements regarding TDC NET's and the Security Group's future results of operations, financial
position, cash flows, business strategy, plans and objectives of the board of directors and executive
management in TDC NET (the “Board of Directors” and “Executive Management”) as well as the strategies
to achieve those objectives. Forward-looking statements included in the Base Prospectus address, among others,
matters such as:
•
TDC NET’s business strategy;
•
TDC NET’s capital resources and capital expenditure;
•
the expectations as to future growth in the market in which TDC NET operates;
•
the impact of future regulation on TDC NET and its business and operations; and
•
TDC NET’s sustainability strategy and Sustainability Performance Targets, any other future environmental,
social or governance (“ESG”) targets or commitments, TDC NET's commitments to report annually on the
performance of the selected key performance indicators, to obtain an annual independent and external
verification of its performance against the Sustainability Performance Targets and to include such
performance and such independent and external verification in its annual Sustainability Performance
Report or other similar reports and that certain events may impact TDC NET's calculations thereof.
Such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties related to investments
in TDC NET and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not
occur in the future. TDC NET’s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed or implied in
the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such difference include, but are not limited to, those
discussed in sections “Risk Factors” and “Description of TDC NET” herein and include, among others, risks,
uncertainties and other important factors such as:
•
the ability of TDC NET to effectively compete with other infrastructure providers or anticipate or react to
technological developments;
•
the significant customer concentration, and the relationship with related parties and suppliers;
•
TDC NET’s ability to achieve anticipated levels of operational efficiencies;
•
the attraction and retention of key personnel, or the occurrence of labour disputes or work stoppages; and
•
the ability of TDC NET to effectively manage its capital expenditures and maintenance costs associated
herewith; and
•
macroeconomic and global events including escalations of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine.
46

--- Page 48 ---
The forward-looking statements are made as at the date of the Base Prospectus and, except as required by law
or rules and regulations, TDC NET undertakes no obligation to publicly update or publicly revise any forward-
looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Investors should
carefully consider the risk factors described in this Base Prospectus before making any investments decision. If
one or more of these risks materialise, it may have an adverse effect on TDC NET’s business, financial
position, results of operations or objectives. In addition, other risks that have not yet been identified or which
TDC NET has not considered to be material may have an adverse effect, and investors may lose all or part of
their investments. See “Risk Factors”. In addition, even if its result of operations, financial position and cash
flows, and the development of the industry in which it operates, are consistent with the forward-looking
statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or
developments in subsequent periods.
All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to TDC NET or to persons acting on
TDC NET’s behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above and
contained in this Base Prospectus, including those set forth in section “Risk Factors” above.
47

--- Page 49 ---
5. OVERVIEW OF THE SECURITY GROUP AND THE FINANCING STRUCTURE
5.1 Overview
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the ring-fenced group companies (the “Security Group”) are
comprised of:
(i)
TDC NET (the main operating company);
(ii) its immediate parent company TDC NET Holding (a holding company); and
(iii) certain non-material subsidiaries (including, among others, the wholly-owned subsidiaries Dansk Kabel
TV A/S and TDC NET Finance B.V. and the associated company Fiberkysten A/S).
TDC NET is a wholesale provider of critical infrastructure solutions for communications and data transmission
in Denmark and has carried out large strategic investments in fibre and 5G, underpinning its position as a
leading provider of high quality mobile network coverage as well as fixed network services in Denmark. TDC
NET’s purpose is “Connect Denmark. For everyone”. See “Description of TDC NET” for further description of
TDC NET.
See “Description of TDC NET Holding” for description of TDC NET Holding.
TDC NET Holding is wholly-owned by TDC Holding. The ultimate holding company of the Security Group is
DKT Holdings ApS. DKT Holdings ApS and all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (including, but not
limited to, the Security Group) is referred to as the “TDC Group”.
5.2 Corporate Reorganisation of the TDC Group
The TDC Group started a corporate reorganisation process in 2019 that concluded by the end of 2021.
The reorganisation was initiated by way of a partial demerger of TDC Holding (formerly TDC A/S) completed
in June 2019 (with effect for accounting purposes as of 1 January 2019) (the “TDC Demerger”). The TDC
Demerger involved (i) a transfer of TDC Holding’s infrastructure assets and activities to its new subsidiary,
TDC NET, and (ii) a transfer of TDC Holding’s customer-focused activities to its new subsidiary, Nuuday A/S
(“Nuuday”). As the TDC Demerger was a partial demerger, TDC Holding was not dissolved upon completion
of the TDC Demerger.
The TDC Demerger was followed by a separation process with the primary goal of establishing TDC NET and
Nuuday as two independent entities. The separation process was completed by the end of 2021. On 3 February
2022, TDC Holding contributed its shares in TDC NET into its newly established wholly owned subsidiary,
TDC NET Holding, by way of a contribution in kind against payment in newly issued shares, and as of the
date of this Base Prospectus, TDC Holding holds the shares in TDC NET through TDC NET Holding.
Following the reorganisation, TDC Holding operates as a holding company with limited business activities,
principally acting as the holding company of TDC NET (through TDC Holding’s ownership of the shares in
TDC NET Holding) and Nuuday. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the principal assets, liabilities and
business of TDC Holding comprise ownership of the shares in TDC NET Holding and Nuuday, certain
shareholder loans to TDC NET and Nuuday, a property leasing portfolio and related sub-leasing activities and
two outstanding series of senior notes falling due in March 2022 and February 2023, respectively. In addition,
TDC NET Holding is the sponsor of a pension fund, TDC Pensionskasse.
5.3 Security Group
The corporate reorganisation of the TDC Group forms the basis for the ring-fencing of TDC NET with its
principal business activities restricted to the business of being a Danish national provider of communications
infrastructure, networks and spectrum. The ring-fencing of the Security Group, including TDC NET and TDC
NET Holding, from the remainder of the TDC Group is expected to produce a more stable business risk profile
and hence greater financing flexibility going forward.
The diagram below is a simplified representation of the corporate organisation structure of the TDC Group and
the ring-fenced Security Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus.
48

--- Page 50 ---
Macquarie
(DKTUK Limited)
PFA
(PFA Ophelia Investco I 2018 K/S)
50.00%
16.67%
16.67%
16.67%
PKA
(PKA Ophelia Holding K/S)
DKT Holdings ApS
DKT Finance ApS
DK Telekommunikation ApS
Subsidiaries
TDC Group
Subsidiaries
Ring-fenced Security Group
Nuuday A/S
TDC NET Holding A/S
(Guarantor)
TDC NET A/S
(Issuer)
TDC Holding A/S
ATP
(Arbejdsmarkedets Tilægspension)
5.4 Financing Platform
TDC NET has established the secured financing platform to put in place a long-term financing platform for the
Security Group. The capital structure is initially expected to incorporate revolving bank facilities, medium term
bank debt, public notes, liquidity facilities and hedging for risk management. See “Common Documents” for a
description of the common documents and transaction security package relating to the financing platform.
On 31 January 2022, TDC NET entered into a senior secured term loan facility A (“Initial Senior Term
Facility A”) and a senior secured term loan facility B (“Initial Senior Term Facility B”) (the “Term
Facilities”) under the new financing platform. In addition, TDC NET entered into a revolving credit facility
(the “Revolving Credit Facility”) as well as a debt service reserve liquidity facility (the “Initial DSR
Liquidity Facility”) and an operating and capital expenditure reserve facility (the “Initial O&C Reserve
Facility”). See “Summary of the Finance Documents—STID—Other Finance Documents” for a description of
the facility agreements relating to the Term Facilities, the Revolving Credit Facility, the Initial DSR Liquidity
Facility and the Initial O&C Reserve Facility.
On 3 February 2022, TDC NET borrowed an aggregate amount of EUR 2.6 billion under the Term Facilities
(the “First Drawdown”). The net proceeds of the First Drawdown were distributed to TDC Holding by way of
(i) prepayment of existing shareholder loans in the aggregate amount of EUR 1,319,118,180 and (ii) payment
of an extraordinary dividend in the aggregate amount of EUR 1,175,964,627. TDC Holding applied part of the
proceeds received from TDC NET for purposes of prepaying existing senior secured debt borrowed by TDC
Holding and guaranteed by, among others, TDC NET.
Following the First Drawdown, the shares in TDC NET were on 3 February 2022 contributed to TDC NET
Holding by way of a contribution in kind against payment in newly issued shares and TDC NET Holding
acceded to the Common Documents as an obligor and granted transaction security over, among others, the
shares in TDC NET.
On 3 February 2022, TDC NET Holding acceded to the Common Documents as an obligor and TDC NET
granted transaction security over the shares in the Issuer.
On 28 February 2022, TDC NET borrowed the remaining amount of EUR 200 million under the Term
Facilities (the “Second Drawdown”). The net proceeds of the Second Drawdown, together with cash on
balance sheet, were distributed to TDC NET Holding by way of an upstream loan and then further distributed
from TDC NET Holding to TDC Holding by way of an upstream loan. TDC Holding used the proceeds
received to finance (in part) the redemption of the EUR 500,000,000 senior notes issued by TDC Holding that
matured on 2 March 2022.
49

--- Page 51 ---
Establishment of the Notes Programme
TDC NET (the Issuer) and TDC NET Holding (the Guarantor) have established the Programme to raise debt in
the capital markets through the issuance of Notes. Under the Programme, the Issuer will, from time to time,
issue Notes, the proceeds of which will be used to fund, among other things, (i) the refinancing of existing
indebtedness of TDC NET and its indirect holding company TDC Holding and (ii) general corporate purposes
of the Security Group.
5.5 Financing Structure
The diagram below is a simplified representation of the Security Group and the proposed financing structure as
at the date of this Base Prospectus. Certain subsidiaries are not represented below. The diagram does not
include leasing and other unsecured debt.
TDC Holding A/S
TDC NET A/S
(Issuer)
TDC NET Holding A/S
(Guarantor)
Ring-Fenced Security Group
DSR Liquidity Facility
O&C Reserve Facility
Term Facilities
Revolving Credit Facility
Hedging
Notes
Existing senior 
unsecured notes
TDC NET Finance B.V. 
TDC NET Finance B.V. has been established as a Dutch financing subsidiary of TDC NET with no operational
activities. TDC NET Finance B.V. is tax resident in Denmark and subject to Danish joint taxation together with
the Danish companies in the TDC Group.
TDC NET Finance B.V. is included in the restricted Security Group, but not party to the common documents
that establish the financing platform. However, the common documents include flexibility for TDC NET
Finance B.V. to accede to the common documents in the future for purposes of issuing public notes under the
financing platform. This may be relevant if it is deemed desirable in the future to issue notes by an issuer that
is established within the Eurozone, including where this may be required in order for the notes to be eligible
for purchase under any future purchase programmes established by the European Central Bank.
TDC NET Finance B.V. cannot issue Notes under the Programme as described in this Base Prospectus.
Below is a short summary of the facilities mentioned in the diagram above of the date of this Base Prospectus
50

--- Page 52 ---
Senior Facilities
Commitment
Drawn Amount as of
the date of this
Base Prospectus
Maturity
Initial Term Facility A . . . . . . . . . . . . .
EUR 1,500,000,000
EUR 1,500,000,000
2 years, subject to
Extension Option
(1+1+1 year)
Initial Term Facility B . . . . . . . . . . . . .
EUR 1,300,000,000
EUR 1,300,000,000
5 years
Revolving Credit Facility
. . . . . . . . . . .
EUR 350,000,000
—
5 years
Initial DSR Liquidity Facility
. . . . . . . .
EUR 100,000,000
—
5 years
Initial O&C Reserve Facility . . . . . . . . .
EUR 75,000,000
—
5 years
5.6 Indebtedness
The following table sets forth the indebtedness and net interest-bearing debt of TDC NET, including
outstanding payments for spectrum licenses and lease liabilities, on an actual basis as of 31 December 2021
reflecting the carrying amounts on the consolidated balance sheet of TDC NET and on an adjusted basis
following the closing of (i) the First Drawdown to give effect to the repayment of part of the shareholder loans
from TDC Holding, payment of a dividend to TDC Holding and borrowings under the Term Facilities and
(ii) the Second Drawdown to give effect to additional borrowings under the Term Facilitiesand the grant of an
upstream loan to TDC Holding, in each case to give effect only to the additional indebtedness incurred by TDC
NET in connection with the First Drawdown and the Second Drawdown and the use of proceeds thereof.
As of
31 December, 2021
On an adjusted basis
(DKK million unless otherwise stated)
Actual
Adjustments
As
adjusted
Shareholder loans (term loans) from TDC Holding
. . . . . . . . . .
12,712
(8,919)
3,793
Borrowings outstanding under the Terms Facilities
. . . . . . . . . .
—
20,832
20,832
Spectrum license liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,964
—
1,964
Lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,313
—
1,313
Cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(71)
(855)
(926)
Net interest-bearing debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
15,918
11,058
26,976
51

--- Page 53 ---
6. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The additional information explicitly listed in the table below has been incorporated by reference into this Base
Prospectus pursuant to article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation. Direct and indirect references in the documents
included in the table below to other documents or websites are not incorporated by reference and do not form
part of this Base Prospectus. The documents speak only for the period in which they are in effect and have not
been updated for purposes of this Base Prospectus. Potential investors should assume that the information in
this Base Prospectus as well as the information incorporated by reference herein is accurate only in the period
in which they are in effect.
The information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus is exclusively set out in the cross reference
table below, and is available on TDC NET’s website www.tdcnet.dk (for the avoidance of doubt, unless
information is specified as incorporated into this Base Prospectus, all other information on www.tdcnet.dk does
not form part of this Base Prospectus) and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Document
Website
Pages
The Guarantor Opening
Balance Sheet, together
with the audit report
thereon
https://tdcnet.com/media/zf5bh5jp/tdc-net-holding-opening-balance-29-november-
2021-vf.pdf
Entire
document
The table below set out the relevant page references for the Financial Statements for 2021, which are
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The Financial Statements for 2021 are available on the
following website: https://tdcnet.com/media/4eeb3wld/tdc-net-annual-report-2021.pdf. Any non-incorporated
parts of this document incorporated by reference are not relevant for investors.
The Financial Statements for 2021 together with the audit report thereon
Pages
Income statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
34
Statement of comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
34
Balance sheet
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
35
Statement of cash flow
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
36
Statement of changes in equity
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
37
Notes to consolidated financial statements
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
38–71
Management statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
89
Independent auditors’ report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
90–91
The table below set out the relevant page references for the Official Financial Statements for 2020, which are
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The Financial Statements for 2020 are available on the
following website: https://tdcnet.com/media/gvtdfx32/tdc-net-annual-report-2020.pdf. Any non-incorporated
parts of this document incorporated by reference are not relevant for investors.
The Official Financial Statements for 2020, together with the audit report thereon
Pages
Consolidated income statement
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
42
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
42
Consolidated balance sheet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
43
Consolidated statement of cash flows
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
44
Consolidated statement of changes in equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
45
Notes to the consolidated financial statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
46–78
Management statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
97
Independent auditors’ report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
98–99
52

--- Page 54 ---
7. USE OF PROCEEDS
The Issuer will apply the proceeds from the issuance of each of the Series of Notes to:
(i)
refinance or repay, directly or indirectly, any existing debt of TDC NET or TDC Holding and, in each
case, funding any related redemption and/or hedging termination payments (if applicable) and any related
fees and expenses incurred in respect of any such repayments; and/or
(ii) for general corporate purposes.
If in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified uses of proceeds, this will be stated in the
relevant Final Terms.
53

--- Page 55 ---
8. SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following tables present selected historical consolidated financial information and other information of
TDC NET as at and for the periods ended as indicated below. The selected historical consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, financial position and cash flow set forth below as at and for the financial years ended
31 December 2020 and 2021, respectively, has been derived from the Audited Financial Statements. The
information below should be read in conjunction with the information contained in “Presentation of Financial
and Other Information” and the Audited Financial Statements incorporated by refence in this Base Prospectus.
8.1 Selected consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the financial year
ended
31 December
(DKK million)
2021
2020
Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6,674
6,828
Cost of sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(318)
(381)
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6,356
6,447
External expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1,139)
(1,305)
Personnel expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(979)
(956)
Other income
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
260
248
Operating profit before depreciation, amortisation and special items (EBITDA) . .
4,498
4,434
Depreciations, amortisation and impairment losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(2,366)
(2,986)
Special items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(96)
(39)
Operating profit (EBIT) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,036
1,409
Financial income and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(652)
(605)
Profit before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,384
804
Income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(344)
(200)
Profit for the year
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,040
604
Other comprehensive income
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
—
Total comprehensive result for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,040
604
54

--- Page 56 ---
8.2 Selected consolidated statement of financial position
As at 1 January
(DKK million)
2021
2020
Assets
Non-current assets
Intangible assets
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
11,599
11,047
Property, plant and equipment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
15,521
14,559
Lease assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,218
1,325
Joint ventures and associates
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2
2
Other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
26
25
Total non-current assets
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
28,366
26,958
Current assets
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
43
43
Trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
396
532
Other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5
10
Contracts assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
52
58
Amounts owed by group companies
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,238
876
Prepaid expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
132
102
Cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12
4
Total current assets
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,878
1,625
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
30,244
28,583
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Share capital
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
—
Retained earnings
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9,796
8,756
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9,796
8,756
Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
354
235
Provisions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
344
331
Lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,027
1,115
Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12,300
14,043
Other payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
140
129
Total non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
14,165
15,853
Current liabilities
Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,376
30
Lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
286
286
Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,086
2,522
Other payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
343
307
Contract liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
477
182
Amounts owed to group companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
525
518
Income tax payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
174
110
Provision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
16
19
Total current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6,283
3,974
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
20,448
19,827
Total equity and liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
30,244
28,583
55

--- Page 57 ---
8.3 Selected consolidated cash flow statement
For the financial year
ended 31 December
(DKK million)
2021
2020
Operating activities
Operating profit before depreciation, amortisation and special items (EBITDA)
. . . . .
4,498
4,434
Adjustment for non-cash items
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
68
55
Payments related to provisions
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(8)
(17)
Special items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(80)
(87)
Changes in working capital
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(775)
761
Interest received . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1
6
Interest paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(582)
(415)
Income taxes paid
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(161)
(422)
Total cash flow used in operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,961
4,315
Investing activities
Investment in enterprises rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
(2)
Investment in property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(2,985)
(2,759)
Investment in intangible assets
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(489)
(523)
Investments in other non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)
—
Sale of other non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2
2
Total cash flow used in investing activities
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(3,473)
(3,282)
Financing activities
Lease payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(255)
(267)
Change in interest-bearing receivables and payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
775
(763)
Total cash flow from financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
520
(1,030)
Total cash flow . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
8
3
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4
1
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12
4
8.4 Selected alternative performance metrics—non-IFRS measures
This Base Prospectus contains Non-IFRS Measures and ratios, including EBITDA, EBITDA Margin and
OPEX, that are not measures of financial performance under IFRS, but are measures used by TDC NET to
monitor the underlying performance of its business and operations. None of these measures have been audited
or reviewed. See “Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Alternative Performance Measures/Non-
IFRS Measures”.
8.4.1 EBITDA (non-IFRS)
EBITDA (non-IFRS) is defined as operating profit before depreciation, amortisation and special items.
Management considers EBITDA (non-IFRS) to be a useful measure to monitor the underlying performance of
TDC NET by excluding depreciation, amortisation and special items, as the measure is not impacted by capital
investments when measuring performance.
The following table provides a reconciliation of operating profit (EBIT) to EBITDA (non-IFRS) for each of the
periods indicated:
For the financial year
ended 31 December
(DKK million)
2021
2020
Operating profit before depreciation, amortisation and special items
(EBITDA) (non-IFRS)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4,498
4,434
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(2,336)
(2,986)
Special items before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(96)
(39)
Operating profit (EBIT) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,036
1,409
56

--- Page 58 ---
8.4.2 Special items (non-IFRS)
Special items are presented as a separate item. Special items include income or costs that in management’s
judgement shall be disclosed separately by virtue of their size, nature or incidence. In determining whether an
event or transaction is special, management considers quantitative as well as qualitative factors such as the
frequency or predictability of occurrence of the transaction or event, including whether the event or transaction
is recurring.
The following table provides a shows the special items as included in the Audited Financial Statements:
For the financial year
ended 31 December
(DKK million)
2021
2020
Costs related to redundancy programmes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(33)
(37)
Other restructuring costs, etc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(63)
(1)
Costs related to acquisition of enterprises
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
(1)
Special items before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(96)
(39)
Income taxes related to special items
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
21
9
Total special items
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(75)
(30)
8.4.3 EBITDA margin (non-IFRS)
EBITDA margin (non-IFRS) is defined as EBITDA (non-IFRS) divided by total revenue.
The following table present the calculation of EBITDA margin (non-IFRS) for each of the periods indicated:
For the financial year
ended 31 December
(DKK million)
2021
2020
Operating profit before depreciation, amortisation and special items
(EBITDA) (non-IFRS)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4,498
4,434
Divided by: Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6,674
6,828
EBITDA margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
67.4%
64.9%
8.4.4 Opex (non-IFRS)
Opex (non-IFRS) is defined as the aggregate sum of external expenses, personnel expenses and other income.
The following table provides a reconciliation of Opex (non-IFRS) for each of the periods indicated:
For the financial year
ended 31 December
(DKK million)
2021
2020
External expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1,139)
(1,305)
Personnel expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(979)
(956)
Other income
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
260
248
Opex (non-IFRS)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1,858)
(2,013)
8.4.5 Capex (non-IFRS)
Capex (non-IFRS) is defined as the sum of additions to intangible assets (less additions to licenses), additions
to property, plant and equipment and additions to lease assets, in each case as set out in notes 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3
in the Financial Statements for 2021.
The following table provides a reconciliation of Capex (non-IFRS) for each of the periods indicated.
For the financial year
ended 31 December
(DKK million)
2021
2020
Additions to intangible assets
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,043
430
Subtracted by additions to licenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(671)
—
Additions to property, plant and equipment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,582
3,481
Additions to lease assets
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
179
61
Capex (non-IFRS) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,134
3,971
57

--- Page 59 ---
8.5 Recent developments
TDC NET revenue remained stable at DKK 1,681 million for the period ended 31 March 2021 as compared to
DKK 1,678 million for the period ended 31 March 2022, and its gross profit decreased from DKK 1,612
million for the period ended 31 March 2021 to DKK 1,606 million for the period ended 31 March 2022,
primarily driven by a decrease in revenue from legacy products, partially offset by increased revenue from
high-speed broadband and mobility services.
EBITDA increased from DKK 1,154 million for the period ended 31 March 2021 to DKK 1,162 million for the
period ended 31 March 2022, primarily driven by improved Opex. Opex (non-IFRS) decreased from
DKK (458) million for the period ended 31 March 2021 to DKK (444) million for the period ended 31 March
2022, primarily driven by optimization in support functions more than offsetting impact of higher electricity
prices. Capex (non-IFRS) increased from DKK 702 million for the period ended 31 March 2021 to DKK 781
million for the period ended 31 March 2022, primarily driven by investments in IT applications, security and
fibre rollout.
58

--- Page 60 ---
9. DESCRIPTION OF TDC NET
9.1 Overview and Key Credit Highlights
9.1.1 Overview
TDC NET is a wholesale provider of critical infrastructure solutions for communications and data transmission
in Denmark and has carried out large strategic investments in fibre and 5G, underpinning its position as a
leading provider of mobile network coverage and quality as well as fixed network services in Denmark. TDC
NET’s purpose is “Connect Denmark. For everyone”.
In Denmark, TDC NET operates as a diversified operator and owner of critical infrastructure for mobile and
fixed telecommunications, providing open access to all interested service providers on its fixed network. TDC
NET maintains a strong position in terms of both market share and network quality within telecommunications
infrastructure in Denmark, a country which is underpinned by strong economic fundamentals. Denmark has
remained on the forefront of digitalisation for years and is one of the most digitalised countries in the world,
ranking 1st out of the 27 EU Member States in the European Commission’s 2021 edition of the Digital
Economy and Society Index (“DESI”). The trend towards further digitalisation is supported by a political
environment in Denmark, which has actively promoted digitalisation as exemplified by a recent broad political
agreement entered into in 2021 among a vast majority of Danish political parties with the stated ambition of
ensuring giga-speed coverage for 98% of all Danish addresses by 2025.
The Danish telecommunications has further benefited from the strong economic fundamentals of Denmark, as
reflected by triple A credit ratings from all major rating agencies, a relatively low sovereign debt and having
one of the highest gross domestic products per capita in Europe.
The retail telecommunications market in Denmark is characterised by increasing capacity demand within both
mobile and fixed connections, which has led to significant investments in the telecommunications industry in
recent years. In 2020, the value of the Danish retail telecommunications market was estimated at
DKK 29.3 billion, calculated as the total revenue generated by service providers with end-customers. The
retail telecommunications market is serviced by a number of infrastructure providers, including TDC NET. The
market can be further segmented between mobile (including mobile voice and mobile broadband), estimated at
DKK 11.7 billion, and fixed connections, estimated at DKK 17.6 billion.
59

--- Page 61 ---
Figure 1: The Danish retail telecommunications market measured by revenue, segmented by the fixed
connection and mobile market (DKK billion)
Mobile 
market
Fixed connection market
Broadband
Mobile
17.6
TV
Fixed voice
11.7
Total
11.7
9.0
7.1
1.5
29.3
Fixed connection market
Mobile market
Within mobile, TDC NET has invested significantly to ensure a technologically advanced mobile network and
TDC NET has been a leading provider of mobile network coverage and quality for multiple years running, as
measured by the Danish Technological Institute (2022) for operating the mobile network in Denmark with the
best mobile network experience in terms of speed and most error-free download and upload. TDC NET’s
mobile business is further supported by a strong and diversified spectrum portfolio, 5G covering 99% of
Denmark and 4G covering 99% of Denmark (geographic coverage). The mobile business is subject to stable
recurring cash-flows through TDC NET’s long-term agreement with Nuuday entered into in 2020 which has an
initial term of eight years including an additional seven years phaseout period if the contract is not extended.
The long-term agreement with Nuuday accounts for 95% of TDC NET’s available mobile capacity. See
“—Material Contracts—Nuuday Mobile Agreement”. Further diversification within TDC NET’s mobile
business is pursued through potential further business with other mobile network operators (“MNOs”) and
other mobile virtual network operators (“MVNOs”), for example through the national roaming agreement
entered into with Hi3G or through other potential business opportunities within mobile.
Within fixed connections, TDC NET operates as an open access provider of fixed telecommunications
infrastructure, including broadband, fixed TV and fixed voice. TDC NET’s position in fixed connections is
underpinned by the largest broadband footprint in Denmark (as measured by the Danish Energy Agency
(2020) based on the total number of subscribers) with growing high-speed coverage as the fibre roll-out
continues throughout Denmark. As of 31 December 2021, TDC NET has passed nearly 500,000 addresses with
its fibre network in addition to its existing 1.3 million addresses passed with coax and on top of its 2.8 million
addresses covered by copper.
Through its combination of offerings within mobile and fixed connections, TDC NET maintains strong and
diversified business fundamentals with a revenue of DKK 6.7 billion and an EBITDA of DKK 4.5 billion for
the financial year ended 31 December 2021. Moreover, TDC NET has maintained solid margins and saw its
EBITDA margin increase from 64.9% for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 to 67.4% for the
financial year ended 31 December 2021. Further, TDC NET has invested substantially in its mobile and fixed
network with Capex (non-IFRS) of DKK 4.0 billion and DKK 3.1 billion for the financial years ended
31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively, with significant investments in 5G roll-out and RAN equipment swap
being largely completed. The decrease in Capex (non-IFRS) was primarily driven by the investment peak in
mobile in 2020, combined with a significantly improved fibre unit cost. See also “Selected Historical
Consolidated Financial Information”.
60

--- Page 62 ---
TDC NET is focused on commercial and operational excellence with strong and resilient cash flow generation.
Through its focus on utilisation of its assets, TDC NET is consistently seeking to strengthen its commercial
excellence through increasing commercialisation of its mobile network, improved activation rates on its fixed
high-speed network and by a continuing focus on improving the customer journey. TDC NET is further
committed to achieving additional operational efficiencies through extensive cost-efficiency initiatives and a
robust execution setup, exemplified through a reduction in Opex (non-IFRS) from DKK (2,013) million to
DKK (1,858) million for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in
Opex (non-IFRS) was primarily driven by savings on external expenses related to support functions for the
TDC Group and efficiency improvements in network operations, partly offset by slightly increased personnel
expenses as resources have been moved from the TDC Group to TDC NET as well as increases in cable
damage settlements and service agreements with Nuuday following the TDC Demerger. See also “Selected
Historical Consolidated Financial Information”. TDC NET pursues further operational excellence through
additional automation and simplification processes and data-driven optimisation, which utilise the vast amount
of data generated by TDC NET across its networks. Within capital expenditures, TDC NET has implemented a
fibre rollout efficiency programme with the aim of reducing costs of fibre deployment. TDC NET expects
improved cash generation as fibre rollout completes and investments in fibre ramps down, expectedly in the
mid-2020s.
Within the abovementioned mobile and fixed connections markets, TDC NET reports revenue within five
product segments, comprising mobile services, fixed broadband, fixed TV, fixed voice and other.
Figure 2: TDC NET’s product segments and revenue in the financial year ended 31 December 2021
(DKK million, 62% of revenue)
620
(9%)
2.670
(40% )
2.544
(38%)
293
(5%)
547
(8%)
Mobile
Fixed TV
Fixed Broadband
Fixed Voice
Other
Mobile services. TDC NET owns and operates mobile infrastructure, including the only nationwide
5G network covering 99% of Denmark (geographic coverage), selling mobile capacity to service providers used
for voice, data, IoT and national roaming, interconnect, and towers. Within the mobile services product
segment, revenue is generated by selling capacity to Nuuday, national roaming agreements, interconnect and
tower, equipment and mast rental.
Fixed broadband. TDC NET owns and operates fixed infrastructure, providing service providers access to the
internet through its network. TDC NET covers 97% of Danish addresses with copper, coax or fibre and benefits
from its large and nationwide infrastructure. As an open access provider, customers within fixed broadband
includes multiple service providers with Nuuday being the largest, allowing TDC NET to potentially have a
wide and diversified customer base.
61

--- Page 63 ---
Fixed TV. TDC NET owns and operates multicasting and DVB-C infrastructure that enables the service
provider to sell IPTV and DVB-C TV to end-customers. TDC NET delivers fixed TV services to multiple
Nuuday brands. As demand for fixed TV is expected to decline steadily, demand for streaming and IPTV are
expected to drive further potential within fixed broadband.
Fixed voice. TDC NET owns and operates infrastructure that allows service providers to sell fixed line
telephony and IP telephony to end-customers. Customers within fixed voice includes multiple service providers,
with TDC NET’s largest customer being Nuuday.
Other. TDC NET generates further revenue through delivery of equipment for the use of the infrastructure
owned by TDC NET, including installation services and onsite services through its technical field force of over
1,100 telecommunication technicians some of whom are employed with Dansk Kabel TV A/S, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of TDC NET, as well as fixed interconnect services and other products and services.
The following table shows selected financial information and certain key performance indicators for TDC NET
for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021, respectively.
For the financial year
ended 31 December
(DKK million unless otherwise stated)
2021
2020
Revenue
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6,674
6,828
Mobile services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,670
2,625
Fixed broadband
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,544
2,647
Fixed TV . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
293
356
Fixed voice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
547
561
Other
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
620
639
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6,356
6,447
Mobile services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,670
2,625
Fixed broadband
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,421
2,480
Fixed TV . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
289
345
Fixed voice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
489
493
Other
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
487
504
EBITDA (non-IFRS) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4,498
4,434
EBITDA margin (non-IFRS) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
67,4%
64.9%
Capital expenditure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(3,134)
(3,971)
Homes passed fibre (non-IFRS) ('000)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
497
391
Homes passed coax (non-IFRS) ('000)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,331
1,329
9.1.2 History and development
The history of the TDC Group extends back almost 140 years, since the establishment of Kjøbenhavns Telefon-
Selskab. In 1990, the four regional telecommunication companies in Denmark were combined by law to form a
single company, Tele Danmark, which was later renamed TDC. Tele Danmark was partly privatised and taken
public through an initial public offering on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange in 1994 and ultimately fully
privatised in 1998. In 2000, Tele Danmark changed its name to TDC.
In 2018, a consortium of long-term investors comprising Macquarie, ATP, PKA and PFA (as defined in
“Shareholders”), acquired the TDC Group through a voluntary takeover offer by DK Telekommunikation ApS,
and subsequent squeeze-out of the minority interests.
In 2019, the TDC Group initiated a strategic transformation journey by separating its two businesses into two
legally and operationally independent subsidiaries, TDC NET and Nuuday, with the purpose of establishing two
market leaders within their individual sectors and parts of the value chain:
TDC NET as a wholesale provider of critical infrastructure solutions for communications and data transmission
in Denmark.
Nuuday as a
digital service provider delivering connectivity, communication, and entertainment
to
end-customers.
TDC NET is committed to continue building upon the strong “TDC” heritage, which includes maintaining the
name and the iconic rhombus in its logo.
As part of the separation journey, TDC NET has established an independent corporate governance structure
with an experienced management team. See “Management and Governance”.
62

--- Page 64 ---
9.1.3 Key Credit Highlights
Management believes TDC NET’s key credit highlights are as follows:
A leading open access provider and owner of critical telecommunications infrastructure in Denmark, one
of the most digitalised countries in the world
TDC NET is an experienced wholesale infrastructure provider, having provided wholesale infrastructure
solutions to service providers for more than 25 years. TDC NET is a telecommunications infrastructure operator
and owner of mobile and fixed infrastructure, providing open access to all interested service providers on its
fixed network within Denmark, one of the most digitalised countries in the world, ranking 1st out of the 27 EU
Member States in the DESI index. TDC NET’s strong credit position is supported by a stable fixed connections
market where the decline in demand for fixed voice and TV is expected to be offset by a growing demand for
broadband, and a positive revenue trajectory is anticipated as declining demand for copper is offset by customer
uptake and higher price points on fibre. Within mobile services, the market for subscribers has been subject to
stable growth from 2015 to 2020, which is expected to continue.
TDC NET is characterised by strong business fundamentals and an asset-base consisting of its core network
platforms, transport platforms, mobile access network, fixed access platforms, spectrum licenses and field force,
underpinned by a diversified revenue stream with 60% of the total revenue being generated from fixed
connections, and 40% of the total revenue being generated from mobile services, for the financial year ended
31 December 2021.
As at 31 December 2021, TDC NET has passed 2.8 million addresses by copper and 1.8 million addresses by
high-speed coax or fibre connections and within mobile services, TDC NET owns and operates approximately
4,100 mobile sites comprising 3,500 macro sites, including towers and outdoor antennas, and approximately
600 indoor coverage solutions.
Technologically advanced mobile network position with long-term commercial relationship with Nuuday,
a leading service provider
A market leader within mobile, TDC NET’s position is supported by a strong and diverse spectrum portfolio, a
large and highly optimised grid, state-of-the-art equipment, long-term revenue commitment from Nuuday and
potential to diversify further through potential business with other MNOs and MVNOs.
TDC NET holds a total spectrum portfolio of 1,650 MHz across low frequency bands (under 1 GHz),
mid-range bands (between 1 GHz and 10 GHz) and high frequency bands (above 10 GHz). As of 31 December
2021, TDC NET holds more spectrum across low, mid, and high bands than any other national competitor.
Mobile spectrum is a finite asset for mobile operators that is very important for the quality and capacity that
can be produced by the mobile access network. The market for mobile access is largely governed by the
spectrum policy framework, whereby auctions are held for the use of specific frequencies (ranging from low,
mid-range to high frequency bands). Licenses for spectrums typically have a term of 20 years.
The most recent addition to TDC NET’s spectrum portfolio was in April 2021. The next auction of mobile
spectrum is not expected until 2029, and management believes that TDC NET is poised to maintain its market
position within mobile, underpinned by its diversified spectrum portfolio.
The following table sets out TDC NET’s mobile access spectrum holdings as of the date of this Base
Prospectus
Frequency
TDC NET’s holding
Expiration date (year)
700 MHz
2x15 MHz + 20 MHz
2040
800 MHz
2x20 MHz
2034
900 MHz
2x10 MHz
2034
1500 MHz
45 MHz
2042
1800 MHz
2x20 MHz
2032
2100 MHz
2x20 MHz
2042
2300 MHz
100 MHz
2041
2600 MHz
2x20 MHz
2030
3500 MHz
130 MHz
2042
26 GHz
1250 MHz
2042
63

--- Page 65 ---
TDC NET’s position within mobile is further supported by a large and optimised grid of approximately 4,100
mobile sites comprising 3,500 macro sites, including towers and outdoor antennas, and approximately 600
indoor coverage solutions. Through its well-positioned mast infrastructure and the technically optimised
application of TDC NET’s broad-spectrum portfolio, TDC NET provides a superior quality offering to MNOs
and MVNOs and, by extension, mobile experience to end-customers.
As of 31 December 2021, TDC NET operates the only nationwide 5G network in Denmark, having undertaken
significant investments in order to conduct a full swap of its radio access network (“RAN”) to the latest
generation radio equipment supplied by Ericsson, with capacity expected to remain sufficient in the near and
medium term. Following the most recent spectrum auction, TDC NET is committed to consistently maintaining
its technological capabilities and expects to roll out C-band RAN equipment to enable higher 5G capacity,
including outside of the four largest cities in Denmark. In addition, TDC NET and Ericsson have established a
mobile innovation hub to explore new use-cases and long-term business opportunities on the 5G network in
order to further strengthen the mobile business.
The mobile business has a high degree of revenue visibility through TDC NET’s long-term agreement with
Nuuday, see “—Material Contracts—Nuuday Mobile Agreement”, and further supported by TDC NET’s
national roaming agreement with Hi3G and through mast and site rentals.
Leading open access broadband provider with the largest high-speed footprint in Denmark and the only
nationwide copper network
As the largest and leading open access broadband provider in Denmark, as measured by the Danish Energy
Agency (2020) based on the total number of subscribers, TDC NET maintains a strong position within the
market for fixed connections through its fixed network, covering 97.5% of all Danish addresses with copper,
coax or fibre, giving it the largest broadband footprint in Denmark with a growing high-speed coverage through
fibre. The market for broadband is underpinned by high data consumption in Denmark, with consumption
having been estimated to have increased by 48% in the period from the first quarter of 2018 to the first quarter
of 2020, while demand for more access lines with speeds above 500 Mbps is estimated to have increased from
1% in 2017 to 11% in 2020. Data consumption has seen further acceleration during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has driven a shift towards increased data consumption at home as
opposed to the workplace, as videoconferencing, streaming and voice calls has risen sharply during 2020 and
driven further demand for high-speed products. As an increasing number of businesses are seeking to
implement further remote working for its employees, TDC NET anticipates that this trend will continue. TDC
NET is poised to capture further opportunities within the high-speed broadband market, defined as fibre and
coax offering speeds greater than 100 Mbps, and held a market share of 40% of revenue-generating users
within the high-speed broadband market in 2020.
Through its modern and competitive coax network on the DOCSIS 3.1 standard, TDC NET is able to provide
gigabit speed to a majority of the 1.3 million addresses connected by TDC NET’s coax network, which is
expected to meet increasing customer demand for speed and data and deliver required high-speed capacity in
the medium term, as TDC NET completed a gigaspeed upgrade across a majority of its coax network in 2018.
The 1.3 million TDC NET coax addresses consist of approximately 850,000 of addresses passed by coax
network owned and operated by TDC NET and approximately 450,000 addresses passed by TDC NET-operated
coax networks owned by third-parties such as homeowners’ associations and cooperative housing associations.
In addition to its coax network, TDC NET has passed approximately 500,000 addresses (targeting towards
1 million) with its fibre access network by the end of 2021 with the capacity to add approximately 100,000
addresses annually through its fibre roll-out engine, consisting of state-of-the-art equipment and a highly skilled
field-force, adding significant competitive advantages and scale economies to TDC NET’s fibre offerings. TDC
NET benefits from relatively low fibre-with-fibre overbuild in the Danish market as compared to the European
average, with an estimated fibre-ratio in 2022 of 1.1 in Denmark (a ratio of one indicating that each fiberized
home is connected on average by only one fibre network) as compared to the estimated European average of
1.8. While fibre overlay on coax is expected to occur in the long term, Management believes that fibre
overbuild in Denmark in the short to medium term is limited given the Danish population distribution,
associated roll-out costs, the regulatory environment for fibre, the Danish infrastructure network, including
existing high coax coverage, the limited duct access in Denmark and fibre being primarily deployed
underground.
TDC NET has seen strong activation rates across its fixed access networks and as of 31 December 2021 had
over 750,000 addresses activated on its high-speed networks (coax and fibre) and over 500,000 addresses active
on low-speed networks. As end-customers migrate from low to high-speed alternatives and the fibre footprint
increases, TDC NET expects to activate additional addresses on high-speed networks annually.
64

--- Page 66 ---
TDC NET further owns and operates the only nationwide copper network in Denmark, covering nearly all
Danish addresses. The copper network is used to deliver broadband, IPTV and voice services to customers.
Being largely a legacy platform, the end-customer volumes of the copper network is expected to decline as
end-customers are increasingly demanding high-speed coverage and migrating from the copper network to
high-speed coax and fibre networks when available or to mobile alternatives. In respect to the copper network,
TDC NET is focusing on incentivising migration to TDC NET’s high speed alternatives when available, or to
pro-long lifetime of end-customers on copper when TDC NET’s high-speed options are not available, as longs
as it remains economically sensible, as well as proactively taking out costs on an ongoing basis to reflect the
declining end-customer base.
Other than the access network capacity described above, TDC NET owns and operates a 20,400-kilometre
transport network infrastructure based on fibre which supports the fixed access network.
Within fixed connections, TDC NET has a strong and stable commercial positioning through its relationship
with a diversified mix of more than 100 service providers, thereby securing a unique position for TDC NET to
enable a positive revenue trajectory as the decline in end-customers on the copper network is partially offset by
expected end-customer uptake and higher price points on the fibre network. For the financial year ended
31 December 2021, 66% of the revenue within fixed connections was derived from Nuuday with the remaining
34% comprising revenue from a mix of other service providers.
Commercial and operational excellence with strong and resilient cash flow generation as fibre
investments ramp down
With a strong focus on asset utilisation, TDC NET is continuing its penetration in the high-speed broadband
market through both its existing and new broadband infrastructure in both the business-to-consumer and
business-to-business market. TDC NET is exploring further commercialisation of its mobile network and
business opportunities outside of its long-term mobile agreement with Nuuday.
Further, TDC NET has achieved and is committed to achieving further operational efficiencies through a focus
on cost minimisation and data-driven optimisation. TDC NET has initiated a cost transformation programme
with a catalogue of initiatives and a robust execution setup that management believes will further enhance
profitability of TDC NET, as shown by the decrease in Opex from DKK (2,013) million to DKK (1,858)
million for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021, respectively. In addition, TDC NET is
committed to automation and simplification as tools for driving operational efficiencies by reducing the need
for manual, labour-intensive tasks. TDC NET is further utilising the vast amount of data generated across its
networks to undertake data-driven optimisation. In respect of commercial excellence, TDC NET is pursuing
improved commercialisation of its mobile network and an increased uptake on its fibre network through a
consistent focus on improving its customer journey.
Independent corporate governance and highly experienced management team with a strong track record
TDC NET is led by a highly experienced management team with a strong track record and diverse and deep
experience across the telecommunications industry. To date, the management team has spearheaded the
transformation of TDC NET from being part of an integrated telecommunications provider to a leading
independent provider of fixed and mobile services underpinned by a standalone strategy and governance
structure.
The management team has been seeking to deliver operational efficiencies with a consistent focus on costs and
the implementation of new short and long-term financial steering models in order to strengthen the focus on
cost transformation.
As part of the separation journey, TDC NET has revised its corporate governance structure to ensure
independence from the rest of the TDC Group. As part of this, a board structure was set up with limited
overlap to related parties with the only overlapping member representing ownership interests. For certain
significant intercompany transactions with TDC Holding and Nuuday, the Common Terms Agreement requires
that no approval or resolution shall be passed without prior approval from at least one Independent director
sitting on the board of directors of TDC NET (or, if there are more than two Independent directors on the board
of directors of TDC NET (as is the case at the date of this Base Prospectus), a majority of such Independent
directors). See “Management and Governance—Governance”.
65

--- Page 67 ---
9.2 Value chain and infrastructure
As of 31 December 2021, TDC NET is the only independent mobile and fixed network operator in the Danish
market with operations spanning network development, network operations and wholesale services and
products.
Within network development, TDC NET builds and owns its fixed infrastructure network and core network, as
well as the infrastructure for its mobile network, including its RAN. Within network operation, TDC NET
operates its fixed infrastructure network and mobile voice and data network. Within wholesale services and
products, TDC NET sells network capacity ranging from end-to-end delivery to separate parts of its
infrastructure, such as last mile connection to service providers and other network companies, and delivers
onsite services through its field force of technicians.
This positions TDC NET between manufacturers and service providers in the telecommunications value chain.
Manufacturers and sub-contractors produce the underlying network equipment and end-user devices and deliver
network construction through sub-contracting. Providers of retail services and products sell products and
services to end-customers and undertakes activities towards end-customers.
Figure 3: The telecommunications value-chain and TDC NET’s value-chain position
Manufacturing and
Subcontracting
Network development, operations
and wholesale services & products
Retail Services and
Products
Manufacturing and Subcontracting 
Network 
Development
Network 
Operation
Wholesale 
services & 
Products
Retail Services and 
Product
End-User
TDC NET activities
Production of 
network equipment 
(cables, antennas, 
nodes, routers etc.) 
and construction of 
network through 
subcontracting.
As an end-to-end infrastructure provider, TDC NET owns and operates all critical assets necessary to operate
its mobile and fixed networks in order to service the retail service providers. The infrastructure asset base
includes all the active and passive assets necessary to develop, operate and service the fixed and mobile
networks, including the core network, access network, active mobile network assets, central offices and
transport platforms, and onsite technicians.
66

--- Page 68 ---
Figure 4: TDC NET’s network infrastructure for both mobile and fixed connections
Fixed
Mobile
Fiber
Fiber
Central Office
Copper/Coax/Fiber
Cabinet
Copper/Coax/Fiber
Node
Home/
Premise
Owned by TDC NET & 
functions as a connection 
point to the internet
Base 
station
Mobile
Tower
Mobile
Device
Mainly owned by TDC NET, with some utility companies 
having rolled-out their infrastructure since 2005
Core network/  
backbone
“Last mile”
9.3 Business areas
9.3.1 Mobile
9.3.1.1 Industry
The mobile market in Denmark is characterised by an ongoing 5G roll-out and a steady decline in older
technologies, including 3G. The 5G spectrum auctions were completed at the beginning of 2021 and the
roll-out of 5G has continued at a fast pace. As of 31 December 2021, TDC NET has achieved 99%
5G geographic coverage in Denmark, and is the only entity to have achieved nationwide 5G coverage in
Denmark.
The retail mobile market in Denmark that MNOs are serving is estimated to amount to DKK 11.7 billion in
2020. The market consists of subscribers within mobile voice (combined voice and data subscription), mobile
data (pure data subscription) and mobile IoT with an estimated 7.1 million, 1.2 million and 1.5 million
subscribers respectively in 2020. Historically, the number of subscribers for mobile voice and mobile data have
been flat while mobile IoT subscribers have grown with double digit figures annually since 2015. Overall,
Management expects the market to remain stable going forward.
The Danish wholesale mobile market comprises four MNOs: TDC NET, Hi3G and Telenor and Telia (where
Telenor and Telia share networks in the combined TT-Network). Across the three segments, mobile voice,
mobile data and mobile IoT, TDC NET holds an estimated market share of 37% as of 2020, based on total
number of subscribers, which has seen stable growth of 1.2% per annum between 2015 and 2020. Within
mobile voice, TDC NET holds a market share of 39% as of 2020.
67

--- Page 69 ---
Figure 5: The mobile market, as calculated by number of subscribers, and TDC NET’s market share (2015 to
2020) segmented by mobile voice, mobile data and mobile IoT (number of subscribers, million)
2020
76%
77%
2015
13%
75%
11%
2016
15%
14%
12%
13%
9.8
2017
9%
74%
2018
12%
74%
9.7
2019
15%
12%
73%
14%
9.3
9.4
9.4
9.8
12%
1.2%
Mobile IoT
Mobile voice
Mobile data
38%
38%
38%
39%
38%
37%
x
TDC NET market share
38%
39%
38%
40%
40%
39%
x
TDC NET market share, Mobile voice
9.3.1.2 Mobile business model and customers
Through its technically advanced mobile network, TDC NET provides mobile capacity to Nuuday, allowing
Nuuday to offer mobile services and subscriptions to end-customers within both mobile voice, data and IoT
SIM cards.
Having undertaken substantial investments in network upgrades, TDC NET has been measured by the Danish
Technological Institute (2022) to offer the best mobile network experience for multiple years running, including
having the fastest and most error-free download and upload speeds and has delivered the best mobile
experience globally, based on Tutela’s Excellent Consistent Quality metric which rates networks on overall
mobile experience.
Revenue within the mobile business is principally generated through TDC NET’s long-term mobile agreement
with Nuuday (the “Nuuday Mobile Agreement”), through which 95% of TDC NET’s available mobile
capacity is reserved for Nuuday covering end-to-end mobile services on all current technologies, including 2G,
3G, 4G and 5G and IoT. See “—Material Contracts—Nuuday Mobile Agreement”. The Nuuday Mobile
Agreement was entered into in 2020 with an initial term of eight years, including an additional seven years
phaseout period if the contract is not extended. Under the Nuuday Mobile Agreement, TDC NET retains the
exclusive ownership of its mobile network, while Nuuday owns the SIM cards and IT wholesale platform
allowing end-customers to access the mobile network. The fee structure of the Nuuday Mobile Agreement is
based on a fixed fee structure, whereby Nuuday pays an annual flat fee, with a built-in fixed annual increase.
The commercial terms of the Nuuday Mobile Agreement are structured to incentivise network usage, as costs
under the agreement will be adjusted according to usage as well as a benefit sharing mechanism pursuant to
which both parties benefit from reductions in capital expenditures due to downwards adjustments in traffic
forecast.
68

--- Page 70 ---
While a high degree of the revenue generated within the mobile business is currently concentrated from a
single service provider, TDC NET believes that use of its mobile network by other service providers is possible
as a result of the mobile capacity produced by TDC NET relative to the capacity available in the market.
Revenue is further generated through a national roaming agreement with Hi3G in which Hi3G acquires
coverage from TDC NET’s mobile network to complement its own network. In addition, TDC NET generates
revenue through mast and site rentals, whereby MNO’s pay to install their own equipment, for example
antennas, on mobile towers owned by TDC NET.
9.3.1.3 Mobile services financial performance
The table below shows the revenue and gross profit for mobile services for the financial years ended
31 December 2020 and 2021, respectively:
For the financial
year ended
31 December
(DKK million)
2021
2020
Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,670
2,625
Gross profit
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,670
2,625
Revenue from mobile services increased from DKK 2,625 million to DKK 2,670 million for the financial year
ended 31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively, primarily driven by the built-in annual price increase under the
Nuuday Mobile Agreement, as well as higher electricity costs further invoiced to Nuuday to run the mobile
network in 2021 compared to 2020.
Gross profit from mobile services increased from DKK 2,625 million to DKK 2,670 million for the financial
year ended 31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively, corresponding to the development in revenue as gross
margin is 100%.
9.3.2 Fixed
9.3.2.1 Industry
The market for fixed connections is expected to remain relatively stable, as decline in demand for fixed voice
and fixed TV is offset by growth in demand for fixed broadband. The market is further characterised by a high
penetration rate of active broadband subscriptions and high data consumption in Denmark. Data consumption
has been estimated to have increased by 48% in the period from the first quarter of 2018 to the first quarter of
2020, while the demand for more than 500 Mbps broadband speed is estimated to have increased from 1% in
2017 to 11% in 2020.
The market has undergone significant changes over the past 10 years with considerable investments being made
in high-speed fixed technology including coax upgrades to DOCSIS 3.1, which supports up to 1 Gbps of speed,
fuelled by increasing data requirements and gigabit speeds demand. The shift towards high-speed services have
further been enabled by the fibre build-out by TDC NET and other market players such as utility companies
Norlys, Fibia, Ewii and Nord Energi. For 2020, the retail market for fixed connections in Denmark was
estimated to amount to DKK 17.6 billion. The market is segmented by broadband, fixed TV, and fixed voice,
each respectively comprising 51%, comprising 40%, and 8%, of the total fixed connections market in 2020.
69

--- Page 71 ---
Figure 6. The market for fixed connections (2015-2020), segmented by broadband, fixed TV and fixed voice
(DKK billion)
50%
43%
15%
51%
2015
44%
47%
43%
13%
2016
12%
42%
17.7
2017
41%
49%
2018
9%
2019
40%
18.0
10%
41%
2020
42%
8%
18.9
18.3
17.9
17.6
-1.3%
TV
Broadband
Fixed voice
70

--- Page 72 ---
Figure 7: The market for fixed broadband as calculated by the number of RGUs (2015 to 2020), segmented by
(i) high-speed (more than 100 Mbps), (ii) low-speed (less than 100 Mbps), (iii) PDS/LAN and (v) FWA
(RGU, million)
48%
25%
1%
2.6
6%
2015
1%
46%
38%
6%
42%
51%
2.6
2016
1%
1%
7%
1%
2017
7%
34%
2020
58%
2018
1%
2019
7%
29%
63%
8%
67%
2.4
2.5
2.5
2.5
54%
+1%
PDS/LAN
High speed
Low speed
FWA
From 2015 to 2020, TDC NET’s market share within fixed broadband has seen a natural overall decline driven
by copper end-customers migrating to high-speed alternatives, for which multiple providers are available.
While TDC NET’s relative market share across categories has seen a decline from 2015 to 2020, TDC NET’s
total number of high-speed broadband customers has seen a steady growth of 8% CAGR. In addition, the shift
towards high-speed alternatives has led to a generally higher average revenue per unit across the market as a
result of the stronger margins on high-speed alternatives as compared to margins on the copper network.
71

--- Page 73 ---
Figure 8: TDC NET’s market share of the high-speed broadband market by number of RGUs (2015 to 2020)
(RGU, million)
60%
58%
1.5
58%
58%
42%
58%
42%
2015
2016
42%
2017
42%
2018
59%
41%
2019
40%
2020
1.1
1.2
1.3
1.6
1.7
8.1%
TDC NET
Competitors
9.3.2.2 Fixed connections business model and customers
TDC NET owns and operates critical fixed network infrastructure enabling service providers to offer
broadband, TV and voice services to end-customers.
TDC NET lays out fixed network access infrastructure, comprising copper, coax and fibre, connecting
end-customers to its transport and core network and enabling broadband, TV and voice services to be provided
to the end-customer through a service provider. The fixed access network covers all of Denmark with
2.8 million addresses passed by copper and 1.8 million addresses by high-speed network, comprising coax and
fibre, as of 31 December 2021. Throughout Denmark, TDC NET has achieved 71% coverage of the population
with 100 Mbps and 47% coverage of the population with 1 Gbps as of 31 December 2021. In high-speed
access, TDC NET has a particularly focused presence in the Greater Copenhagen area and other densely
populated areas, favouring further build-out and scale economies, as shown in the figure below. The build-out
is further supported by a 20,400-kilometre transport fibre network owned and operated by TDC NET, which
optimises both the copper, coax and fibre access network.
72

--- Page 74 ---
Figure 9: Geographic fixed broadband overview.
Transport fibre cables
Copper access
High-speed access
The customers of TDC NET are service providers, which charge end-customers for the services delivered
through TDC NET’s network and who in turn pay TDC NET for the use of the network and for technical
services delivered by TDC NET. There are more than 100 service providers utilising TDC NET’s infrastructure
with Nuuday being the largest customer. As the only provider of copper network and with its strong position in
high-speed access, TDC NET is able to provide a range of offerings across the telecommunications value chain
in order to match customer demand.
As an open access provider, TDC NET offers its infrastructure to service providers without discrimination and
benefits from being able to service end-customers irrespective of their choice of service provider.
As a wholesale provider of critical infrastructure solutions for communications and data transmission in
Denmark, TDC NET is subject to certain sector specific regulation which governs a number of aspects of the
products and services that TDC NET provides including in respect of pricing. Due to a new decision from the
Danish Business Authority from 1 January 2022, the pricing of TDC NET’s broadband offerings are subject to
certain maximum prices in areas where TDC NET will be designated as having significant market power. For
further description of the regulatory framework, see “ Selected aspects of Regulation to which TDC NET is
subject”.
9.3.2.3 Fixed connections financial performance
The table below shows the revenue and gross profit from fixed connections, including the split between product
segments:
For the financial
year ended
31 December
(DKK million unless otherwise stated)
2021
2020
Revenue
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4,004
4,203
Fixed broadband . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,544
2,647
Fixed TV . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
293
356
Fixed voice
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
547
561
Other
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
620
639
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,686
3,822
Fixed broadband . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,421
2,480
Fixed TV . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
289
345
Fixed voice
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
489
493
Other
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
487
504
73

--- Page 75 ---
Total revenue from fixed connections decreased from DKK 4,203 million to DKK 4,004 million for the
financial year ended 31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively, primarily driven by lower RGUs on low-speed
broadband, TV and fixed voice, however, partly offset by RGU increases on high-speed broadband. Revenue
from fixed broadband decreased from DKK 2,647 million to DKK 2,544 million for the financial year ended
31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively, primarily driven by RGU decreases on low-speed broadband, as well
as cancellation of a pass-through invoicing agreement on international capacity, partly offset by RGU increases
on high-speed broadband. Revenue from fixed TV decreased from DKK 356 million to DKK 293 million for
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively, primarily as a result of pricing. Revenue
from fixed voice decreased from DKK 561 million to DKK 547 million for the financial year ended
31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively, primarily driven by RGU losses, as well as lower revenues due to
falling international traffic, partly offset by increased pricing. Revenue from other services decreased from
DKK 639 million to DKK 620 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively,
primarily driven by fewer customer installations resulting from a decrease in rotation of broadband customers.
Total gross profit from fixed connections decreased from DKK 3,822 million to DKK 3,686 million for the
financial year ended 31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively, primarily driven by decreasing revenues from
low margin products. Gross profit margin increased due to changed product mix. Gross profit from fixed
broadband decreased from DKK 2,480 million to DKK 2,421 million for the financial year ended 31 December
2020 to 2021, respectively, in line with the revenue development. Gross profit from fixed TV decreased from
DKK 345 million to DKK 289 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively,
primarily driven by decrease in revenue. Gross profit from fixed voice decreased from DKK 493 million to
DKK 489 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively, primarily driven by
decreasing customer base, partly offset by increased pricing. Gross profit from other services decreased from
DKK 504 million to DKK 487 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 to 2021, respectively,
primarily driven by decrease in revenues from low margin products.
9.4 Strategy
TDC NET’s strategy for 2018 to 2023 consists of the following five pillars:
Great customer experience—Be recognised for delivering value for both customers and end-customers through
seamless customer journeys and experiences.
Fastest fixed connections—Increase footprint for high-speed fixed connections and maintain market leading
position.
Best mobile network—Maintain market leading position by providing the best mobile network experience in
Denmark.
Network champions—Become a truly sustainable company, lead the transition to a sustainable future for the
sector and aim to be recognised as one of the most attractive employers.
Operational excellence—Simplify processes and interface to enable consistent delivery of excellent customer
experiences.
Great customer experience
TDC NET believes that telecommunications infrastructure will become increasingly important. Nevertheless,
having superior infrastructure alone does not guarantee success. As an open-access wholesale provider, TDC
NET is committed to delivering efficient cooperation with Service Providers and great experiences for End-
customers. The Great Customer Experience strategy focuses on three elements:
•
Transparency and trustworthiness. TDC NET is committed to being transparent and trustworthy towards
all stakeholders and has launched multiple initiatives and programmes to support this. TDC NET strives to
deliver on its promises.
•
Being easy to engage with. TDC NET works to be the easiest in the market to do business with through an
integrable and reliable IT platform and through clear service agreements with its customers.
•
Being truly reliable. TDC NET recognises that its infrastructure remains pivotal for everyday life and life-
critical events for its End-customers and, accordingly, it is in TDC NET’s foundation to be a reliable,
trusted and secure infrastructure provider.
74

--- Page 76 ---
Fastest fixed connections
TDC NET is focused on maintaining its strong position in the market as the largest supplier of high-speed fixed
connections in Denmark. To support this strategy, TDC NET is committed to:
•
Investing to enable long-term leadership in available high-speed connections. TDC NET will continue its
fibre rollout, utilising its large fibre rollout engine established in 2019 with state-of-the-art equipment and
a highly skilled field-force, and by applying advanced analytics to identify the most efficient ways to meet
demand in the market.
•
Maximising the performance of its infrastructure to ensure that its service providers and end-customers
receive the best available high-speed solutions that the telecommunications market has to offer. TDC NET
is continuously upgrading its infrastructure and investigating opportunities for better servicing customer
demand, including supporting service providers in migrating end-customers to products with higher quality
and speed
•
Maintaining a strong backhaul network with high uptime and becoming a true carrier-grade operator,
thereby providing its service providers and end-customers with fast and reliable fixed connections. TDC
NET is running upgrade programs to replace the weakest links in the network and strive to always have
fully redundant backhaul services.
Best mobile network
TDC NET is focused on maintaining its competitive edge in the mobile market. In line with this, the Best
Mobile Network strategy focuses on three elements:
•
Maintaining a strong asset portfolio within mobile. TDC NET is continuously improving its nationwide
mobile network, further enabling broad coverage and gigabit speeds, and maintaining a market leading and
diversified spectrum portfolio. This is supported by multiple initiatives, including investments in its strong
and diversified spectrum portfolio in Denmark, an ongoing build-out of C-band RAN equipment to meet
end-customer needs, gradually expanding its mobile footprint, and finalising the virtualisation of its core
network.
•
Driving innovation with strong vendor partnerships. TDC NET has a close collaboration with Ericsson,
including bringing together industry-leading talents at its 5G Innovation Hub to address the challenges of
enabling green transformation across industries and rethinking how mobile services may be used in the
future.
•
Developing deep partnerships with market leaders to maximise the potential of TDC NET’s mobile
services. In line with this, it is TDC NET’s strategy to maintain a strong position for its largest customer,
Nuuday, whilst continuing to provide national roaming and other services to other mobile partners and
explore further diversification through potential business with other MNOs.
Network champions
TDC NET is committed to being recognised as one of the most attractive employers in Denmark and as a
leader in the transition towards a sustainable telecommunications sector. In line with this, TDC NET is
committed to:
•
Becoming a sustainable CO2 neutral company, along with wider sustainability goals. This includes the
commitment to reach net zero CO2e emissions in TDC NET’s own operations by 2028. See also
“—Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability”.
•
Caring and contributing to a better Denmark by continuously raising the standards for itself and its
partners, on important topics such as Health & Safety and living our Code of Conduct, thereby ensuring a
high level of compliance and limiting operational risks.
•
Being a leading and value driven workplace of the future to attract the best and brightest talents within
telecommunications. TDC NET is committed to pioneering the future of work with flexibility to teams to
work as effectively as possible.
75

--- Page 77 ---
Operational excellence
TDC NET strives to stay ahead of industry standards in terms of operational efficiency by:
•
Leading in simplicity and efficiency, through an optimised product portfolio that serves service providers
and end-customers through relevant, novel, and efficient technology platforms. TDC NET is focused on
developing best-in-class competences in decommissioning legacy solutions.
•
Delivering seamless processes with high levels of automation, to provide service providers and
end-customers with secure, fast, and error free service delivery. To achieve this, TDC NET will continue to
develop and optimise its end-to-end customer journey and seek out further use of automation and robotics.
•
Investing smartly for the future by ensuring a sound cost-governance structure, including long-term
investment strategies and cost-efficiency programmes.
9.5 TDC NET’s Sustainability Strategy
Sustainability is an integrated part of TDC NET’s corporate strategy and what TDC NET calls being “Network
Champions”. As a national, digital infrastructure provider, TDC NET wants to run its business in a sustainable
manner. TDC NET’s sustainability strategy is based on its materiality assessment, which in turn considers its
strategic business priorities, values and core competencies.
Five key elements are included in TDC NET’s sustainability strategy:
Futureproof Digital Infrastructure. TDC NET is committed to connecting Denmark with resilient and
sustainable digital infrastructure. In addition, TDC NET works with dedicated partners to foster innovation and
to ensure the best possible digital infrastructure for everyone in Denmark.
Climate Action. TDC NET is committed to lead the race to zero climate impact by becoming net-zero in its
own operations (scope 1 and 2 of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol) by 2028 and net-zero in the entire value-chain
(scope 3 of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol) by 2030. TDC NET is further committed to promote digitalisation as
a supporter of the green transformation.
Health & Safety. Protecting the people on the ground is a high priority for TDC NET when rolling out digital
infrastructure. This includes providing a healthy and safe working environment for people working onsite, in
the office or from home. TDC NET’s ambition is to become one of the safest places to work by 2025. The
target is to reduce negative health and safety consequences, such as injuries, by 50% in 2025 with a 2019
baseline. TDC NET is also aiming for “Vision Zero” and the mindset that every injury can be prevented.
Diversity & Inclusion. TDC NET is committed to ensuring equal opportunities for all and striving for an
inclusive culture for everyone. There is a policy of zero-tolerance on harassment and a strengthened whistle
blower system to report any inappropriate behaviour. TDC NET has set a target of minimum 30% women in
management by 2025 and has a long-term ambition of moving towards a more equal gender balance.
Digital Trust. TDC NET wants to develop and support critical national infrastructure, protect personal data and
promote a safe digital future. Cyber security remains a key priority for protecting critical national infrastructure
from threats and attacks. Moreover, TDC NET continues to protect the personal data with which it is entrusted.
TDC NET has established a “Digital Trust Forum” including subject matter experts and leaders from Security,
IT and Privacy.
All five elements of TDC NET's sustainability strategy are aligned with the United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals (“SDG”). Ambitions, targets and initiatives are defined for each element with a strong
focus on delivering results and making an impact. This will be ensured via collaboration with the business and
anchoring decisions with top management and the board of directors of TDC NET.
The sustainability strategy is embedded in the business strategy of TDC NET. On an operational level, the
Executive Management is responsible for ensuring that the targets are achieved. The strategy and execution of
activities are cascaded down through the whole organisation. To ensure the required coordination across the
company, a governance forum has been established for each of the five elements of TDC NET's sustainability
strategy. The forums meet quarterly and include senior leaders at TDC NET with accountability for the relevant
areas.
76

--- Page 78 ---
9.5.1 TDC NET's Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework
9.5.1.1 Background and rationale
As Denmark’s leading digital infrastructure provider, TDC NET builds, owns and operates the next generation
of nationwide digital infrastructure. Denmark has a leading position on digitalisation across the EU and TDC
NET works to enable the transition to a green and sustainable future.
During 2021 TDC NET developed its first sustainability strategy as a standalone company based on an
assessment of which issues are most material to TDC NET as Network Champions. As the latest IPCC report
showed, the negative effects of climate change are unprecedented. TDC NET understands that it has a role to
play to mitigate these effects for the present and future generations.
After receiving approval of TDC NET’s climate targets from the Science Based targets initiative (“SBTi”) in
2021 validating that TDC NET's targets are aligned with the 1.5 degree scenario from SBTi, TDC NET
launched an ambitious climate plan. The objectives of TDC NET’s plan are two-fold: to reduce TDC NET’s
own climate footprint to net zero by 2030 and to push digitalisation as an enabler of the green transition. While
the SBTi has validated that TDC NET’s climate targets are aligned with the 1.5 degree scenario from SBTi,
TDC NET has an even more ambitious target, which is to reach net zero greenhouse gas emissions across TDC
NET's value chain by 2030. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, this net zero target is in the process of
being validated by SBTi in accordance with the latest net zero guidelines from SBTi. TDC NET is determined
to promote sustainability and enable the transition of the Danish society to a green and sustainable future with
TDC NET's digital infrastructure. The Digital Economy and Society Index ("DESI") from the European
Commission confirmed that TDC NET has a strong foundation, placing Denmark first in the EU on a
compound measure of digitalisation that includes availability of connectivity as well as availability and take up
of digital services. TDC NET wants Denmark to maintain the lead by building the most reliable, resilient, and
sustainable network.
TDC NET also sees that digital infrastructure and digital solutions in general are a key enabler to the reduction
of carbon emissions globally. In 2021, TDC NET was among the founders of the European Green Digital
Coalition, a consortium of ICT companies that seeks to recognise and support green and digital transformation.
TDC NET has committed to investing in developing green digital solutions that achieve a net positive impact,
to developing methods and tools to measure the impact of green technologies and to co-creating guidelines for
green digital transformation of other sectors.
9.5.1.2 Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework
In May 2022, TDC NET adopted a Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework relating to its sustainability
strategy and targets (the “Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework”) and developed in alignment with the
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles (“SLBP”) established by the International Capital Markets Association
(ICMA) 2020, and the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles (SLLP), as published by the Loan Market
Association (LMA) in June 2020. Further, TDC NET requested a provider of second party opinions,
Sustainalytics, to issue a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) in relation to the Sustainability-
Linked Finance Framework. The Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion are
accessible through the TDC NET’s website at: www.tdcnet.dk.
In accordance with the SLBP and SLLP, the five core components of the Sustainability-Linked Finance
Framework are: (i) selection of key performance indicators (“KPIs”), (ii) calibration of sustainability
performance targets, (iii) financial characteristics, (iv) reporting and (v) verification.
Under the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework, TDC NET has selected two KPIs relating to (i) Scope 1
and 2 GHG emissions in metric tons CO2 eq. and (ii) Scope 3 GHG emissions in metric tons CO2 eq. The two
KPIs refer to SDG7 relating to “Affordable and Clean Energy”, SDG9 relating to “Industry, Innovation and
Infrastructure” and SDG13 relating to “Climate Action”.
The sustainability performance targets under the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework are: (a) reaching
net-zero Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions (own operations) by 2028 from a 2020 baseline; and (b) reaching
net-zero Scope 3 CO2 emissions (from business activities upstream and downstream value chain) by 2030 from
a 2020 baseline. The two targets follow a reduction trajectory until 2028 and 2030, respectively, with annual
targets each year as set out in the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework.
77

--- Page 79 ---
9.6 Business Operations
9.6.1 Organisation
TDC NET is organised with four lines of business and six support functions.
Figure 10: Organisation chart of TDC NET
Commercial & 
Partners
Delivery & Field 
Service
Technology
Dansk Kabel TV
IT
CEO
People & Culture
Corporate Affairs
Strategy & 
Transformation
Finance
Security
Communication
As part of the separation of TDC NET from TDC Holding, TDC NET is governed by an independent Board of
Directors and has integrated all business-oriented group functions.
9.6.1.1 Employees
As of 31 December 2021, TDC NET had approximately 2,900 employees. A majority of the employees of
TDC NET are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and TDC NET believes its relationship with its
employees and unions are good.
9.6.2 IT and telecommunication systems
TDC NET utilises a number of IT and telecommunication systems in its business and operations, including
resource planning systems, business-related applications, finance and reporting tools and security applications.
The IT and telecommunication systems used by TDC NET are either licensed or owned directly by TDC NET
or right of use has been granted via the transitional services agreement with Nuuday. TDC NET has also
granted similar rights of use as to Nuuday to other software and application providers under similar transitional
services agreement. TDC NET is using both internal services and third party providers to host and manage
applications and software. TDC NET is also making use of cloud services.
9.6.3 Intellectual property
Other than certain trademarks, including its name, TDC NET does not hold registered intellectual property and
does not generally rely on intellectual property for its operations.
9.6.4 Material contracts
Except as disclosed below, there are no contracts, other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of
business, to which the Issuer is a party that: (i) are material to the Issuer and which has been entered into in the
two years immediately preceding the date of this Base Prospectus; or (ii) contain any obligations or
entitlements that are, or may be, material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to security holders in
respect of the Notes, as of the date of this Base Prospectus.
78

--- Page 80 ---
Nuuday Mobile Agreement
On 26 February 2020, TDC NET entered into the Nuuday Mobile Agreement under which TDC NET provides
end-to-end mobile services on all current technologies to Nuuday and covers Nuuday’s forecasted level of
capacity under the agreement.
The Nuuday Mobile Agreement runs principally for an initial non-terminable term of 8 years, beginning as of
the demerger of TDC Holding on 11 June 2019. Within that timeframe, certain services related to transport and
core are subject to an initial non-terminable term of 5 years with the possibility for Nuuday to extend for a
period of 3 additional years. Following the initial non-terminable terms and provided the parties do not agree to
prolong the agreement, the agreement will enter into a phase-out period of 7 years. During the phase-out
period,
Nuuday
may
terminate
the
agreement
early
by
giving
12
months’
notice
and
paying
an
early-termination fee in which case the agreement will terminate in its entirety. During the course of the
phase-out period, TDC NET must continue to perform its obligations under the agreement in accordance with a
phase-out model set out in the agreement. Under the phase-out model, Nuuday shall, as a starting point, be
entitled and obliged to cover its total need for services from TDC NET in accordance with a declining relative
scale of the expected yearly capacity need forecasted throughout the 7 year phase-out period.
Under the Nuuday Mobile Agreement, Nuuday shall pay fixed fees for TDC NET’s services, which shall be
increased annually at a predefined fixed low single-digit rate to reflect TDC NET’s ongoing maintenance and
development of the mobile network and to account for Nuuday’s forecasted capacity growth during the term of
the agreement.
The level for the annual fixed fee is based on the agreed services and the level of capacity as forecasted under
the agreement, as well as the agreed quality of network as stipulated in certain key performance indicators
under the agreement. In 2021, the annual fixed fee was DKK 2,568 million.
Nuuday will also pay further incremental charges if the parties agree to the delivery of additional
capacity-related services. In addition, certain services will be delivered on a time and materials basis (for
example in respect of certain specific projects, termination services or other services without a pre-agreed price
or beyond an agreed limitation) and certain services will be delivered on a pass-through charge basis (for
example energy costs or services related to interconnection traffic to third-party networks). Nuuday must also
pay TDC NET a bonus if services provided by TDC NET under the contract achieve certain pre-defined
milestones related to quality of the network.
Provided that Nuuday and TDC NET agree to decrease the capacity under the agreement resulting in direct and
realised cost savings to operate and develop the mobile network or other savings in services under the
agreement, certain reductions in the fees to be paid to TDC NET under the agreement will be implemented.
The resulting and realised cost savings will be shared between TDC NET and Nuuday in accordance with a
pre-determined set of criteria and in accordance with an allocation key set forth in the agreement.
In the event of non-compliance with service levels or key performance indicators under the agreement, TDC
NET may be obligated to provide service credits Nuuday, which may be applied to discount the fees to be paid
to TDC NET, subject to a cap set forth in the agreement.
The parties’ aggregate cumulative liability, inclusive of proportionate reductions, damages, and penalties and
payable service credits during a contract year are subject to a cap of 100% of the total amounts paid or payable
to TDC NET during that contract year.
Cooperation agreement
TDC NET and Nuuday have entered into a cooperation agreement (the “Cooperation Agreement”), which acts
as a framework agreement for numerous individual products delivered by TDC NET to Nuuday, comprising
principally fixed line products including broadband access, TV and telephony services as well as data transport,
core services and installation, and ongoing fault-handling related to the specific product, and which allows
Nuuday to provide access to TDC NET’s fixed line infrastructure offerings to its end-customers. A large part of
the individual products provided by TDC NET under the framework of the Cooperation Agreement, comprising
primarily fixed broadband access, are subject to the regulatory framework described under “Selected Aspects of
Regulation to which TDC NET is subject”, including price control and the principle of non-discrimination.
The Cooperation Agreement is non-terminable for TDC NET, unless Nuuday is in default of its payment
obligations related to undisputed amounts and provided such default is not remedied within 60 days of delivery
of written notice hereof. Nuuday is generally entitled to terminate agreements under the Cooperation
Agreement with respect to individual products by giving 180 days’ prior written notice to TDC NET, subject to
79

--- Page 81 ---
certain restrictions, including with respect to products which are closely interlinked with, dependent on or a
pre-condition for other products still being provided. If individual agreements for specific products under the
Cooperation Agreement were to be terminated, Nuuday would be unable to offer such fixed line product to
end-customers on TDC NET’s infrastructure.
Under the Cooperation Agreement, either party’s liability is limited to DKK 250,000 per damage, and in no
event shall the total liability of a party for any loss or damage under the Cooperation Agreement exceed
DKK 3 million per year.
Finance Documents
For a description of the Finance Documents, see “Summary of the Finance Documents”.
Skyline Lease Portfolio Sublease
For a description of certain agreements related to the Skyline Lease Portfolio, see “—Property and leases”.
9.6.5 Legal proceedings
The Issuer and the Guarantor may from time to time be subject to claims and various legal proceedings arising
in the ordinary course of business.
9.6.6 Property and leases
The principal properties of TDC NET consist of its telecommunication installations, including exchanges of
various sizes, most of which are located in Denmark. These exchanges are found in TDC NET’s central offices,
technical houses, mobile sites, and towers. In addition to these properties, TDC NET also occupies office space
on a limited number of sites.
As part of the Transaction Security, TDC NET will provide negative pledges (in Danish: pantsætningsforbud)
registered in the Danish Land Register (in Danish: Tingbogen) over a large portfolio of properties owned by
TDC NET comprising buildings and installations owned by TDC NET situated on owned land. This negative
pledge will prevent TDC NET from granting a registered pledge over these properties to third parties without
the consent of the Security Agent. TDC NET also owns certain buildings and installations situated on leased
land where negative pledges are not registered.
TDC NET also leases property and certain technical equipment, including certain mobile sites and stations.
In December 2020, TDC NET entered into a number property subleasing agreements with TDC Holding for the
subleasing in whole or partially of certain properties leased by TDC Holding and owned indirectly by, among
others, ATP and PFA. The subleasing agreements are non-terminable by either party for a period of two years
from commencement for TDC NET’s offices and non-terminable period of seven years from commencement
for TDC NET’s technical installations. The subleasing agreements are on arm’s length terms. TDC NET also
subleases cars from TDC Holding on terms mirroring those of TDC Holding’s external car leases.
The property subleases from TDC Holding are divided between three property portfolios: The so-called
“skyline lease portfolio” (the “Skyline Lease Portfolio”), comprising approximately 200 properties, the
“Teglholmen” portfolio, comprising a single property of office space and “other properties”, comprising
approximately 20 properties. The Skyline Lease Portfolio and “other properties” are primarily made up of
technical properties and are subject to long leasing periods.
The Skyline Lease Portfolio includes critical network hubs and, accordingly, special provisions have been made
to ensure TDC NET’s security and control over the lease agreement between TDC Holding and the lessors.
These provisions include an unconditional right for TDC Holding to transfer one or more of the leases to TDC
NET at any time without the need for consent from the lessors. The transfer is subject only to TDC Holding
guaranteeing the obligations of TDC NET under the lease. In connection with the Transaction Security, TDC
NET and TDC Holding have entered into an intra-group agreement, which grants TDC NET a right to request
that TDC Holding shall exercise the right of transfer of any lease in the Skyline Lease Portfolio to TDC NET
in the future. In addition, as part of an intra-group facility management agreement between TDC Holding and
TDC NET, TDC Holding has granted TDC NET control over all payments related to the leases in the Skyline
Lease Portfolio on behalf of TDC Holding and the right and obligation to administer the leases on behalf of
TDC Holding, including the right to take appropriate remedial actions.
80

--- Page 82 ---
On both the leased and owned properties, TDC NET acts as facility manager, and external expenses on
properties leased from TDC Holding are settled between TDC Holding and TDC NET as intercompany
charges.
9.6.7 Insurance
The Issuer and the Guarantor are covered by customary insurance that covers risks associated with the Security
Group’s business, including property damage and business interruption insurance (“PD/BI Insurance”); cyber
risk insurance (“Cyber Insurance”), business travel insurance; general and public liability insurance,
professional indemnity; personal accident and workers’ compensation insurance and D&O insurance.
The Security Group is covered by PD/BI Insurance and Cyber Insurance taken out by TDC Holding for the
benefit of TDC Holding and its subsidiaries, including the Security Group (the “TDC Group Insurances”).
The insurance policies in relation to the TDC Group Insurances provide TDC NET, as co-insured under the
policies, with a direct claim against the relevant insurer in relation to any insurance proceeds payable under the
policies for the benefit of the Security Group. These direct claims have been assigned by way of security in
favour of the senior secured creditors as further described under “Terms and Conditions”.
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that they carry insurance of a type customary for the industry in which
they operate and at a level which is generally adequate.
81

--- Page 83 ---
10. SELECTED ASPECTS OF REGULATION TO WHICH TDC NET IS SUBJECT
TDC NET is subject to numerous laws, rules and regulations at EU, national, state and municipal levels, which
govern its business activities.
The information in this section is intended to provide a brief overview of certain regulations to which TDC
NET is subject and is not intended to provide a comprehensive or complete description of the regulatory and
legal requirements applicable to TDC NET.
10.1 Introduction and overview of selected aspects of regulation
As a wholesale provider of critical infrastructure solutions for communications and data transmission in
Denmark, TDC NET is subject to certain sector specific regulation which governs a number of aspects of the
products and services that TDC NET provides.
Danish and EU regulation regarding the operation of electronic communications networks and provision of
electronic communications services is extensive and includes, among others, universal service obligations,
access obligations, terms and conditions for spectrum allocation and rights of the end-customers. Of particular
importance to TDC NET is the regulation governing network access for infrastructure providers designated as
having significant market power (“SMP”).
Regulatory areas and legislative acts of particular importance to TDC NET include:
•
Directive (EU) 2018/1972 of the European Parliament and of the council of 11 December 2018
establishing the European electronic communications code (the “European Electronic Communications
Code”).
•
The Danish Act on Electronic Communications Network and- Services (the “Telecommunications Act”)
(Danish Act no. 128 of 7 February 2014, as amended).
•
The Danish Act on Radio Frequencies (The “Radio Frequencies Act”) (Danish Act no. 151 of 2 February
2021).
•
The Danish Act on Security in Networks and Services (the “Network Security Act”) (Danish Act no. 153
of 1 February 2021).
•
The Danish Act on Vendor Security in the Critical Telecommunications Infrastructure (the “Vendor
Security Act”) (Danish Act no. 1156 of 8 June 2021).
•
Provisions and legislative requirements regarding roaming, including the EU Roaming regulation
(Regulation
(EU)
No
531/2012
amended
by
Regulation
(EEC)
No
2015/2120
Regulation
(EU) No 2017/920). However, under the Nuuday Mobile Agreement, it has been agreed that Nuuday
shall be responsible for all activities relating to and all receives revenues from international roaming.
•
Directive (EU) 2016/1148 of the European Parliament and of the council of 6 July 2016 concerning
measures for a high common level of security of network and information systems across the union (the
“NIS-Directive”).
•
The Danish enactments on public and common roads to which TDC NET is subject, which provides
certain right of way provisions.
10.2 Regulation of provision of telecommunication networks and services in Denmark
10.2.1 Regulation of providers with Significant Market Power
The telecommunications regulation is based on a common European framework (primarily the European
Electronic
Communications
Code),
which
is
principally
implemented
in
Denmark
through
the
Telecommunications Act as well as certain executive orders issued under such acts. The Danish Business
Authority acts as the national regulatory authority in Denmark.
One of the main features of the telecommunications regulatory framework is the establishment of ex-ante
access regulation, meaning regulation governing future access to telecommunications networks and services,
which consists of a procedure to encourage and regulate competition in certain designated telecommunication
markets, typically in fixed wholesale markets, and with the intention of imposing measures to address potential
bottlenecks.
The ex-ante regulation comprises the definition and analysis of relevant markets both in terms of geography
and scope, designation of operators having SMP in such markets and the implementation of measures (either
82

--- Page 84 ---
through market decisions or commitments) on providers of telecommunication networks or services having
SMP. Measures included in such market decisions or commitments seek to address various competition issues
and may include obligations to allow access to the infrastructure provider’s network, an obligation to not
discriminate between wholesale customers, certain transparency obligations regarding products and services as
well as price control measures.
Market decisions and the approval of commitments are carried out by a national regulatory authority, which in
Denmark is the Danish Business Authority, and the Danish Business Authority shall assess whether such
measures are necessary, sufficient and proportionate as a result of the competition within the relevant
telecommunications markets.
The regulatory framework is supplemented by, among others, the “Significant Market Power Guidelines” from
the European Commission on relevant product and service markets. The Significant Market Power Guidelines
designates certain markets, including products and services, which the European Commission considers
applicable for the imposition of regulatory measures by the national regulatory authority, provided that the
same market situation is present on a national level and that an infrastructure provider is designated as
having SMP.
According to the Telecommunications Act, the Danish Business Authority is required to conduct market
analyses on a regular basis for the purpose of assessing whether individual markets are sufficiently competitive.
In markets where the Danish Business Authority identifies a lack of sufficient competition, the Danish Business
Authority shall designate one or more providers as having SMP.
10.2.1.1 Current Market Decisions
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Danish Business Authority has issued four market decisions (the
“Current Market Decisions”), which designate TDC NET as having SMP in four markets (based on the
European Commission’s market definitions from 2017):
Market 1: The wholesale market for call termination on individual public telephone networks provided at a
fixed location.
Market 2: The wholesale market for voice call termination on individual mobile networks.
Market 3a: The wholesale market for local access provided at a fixed location.
Market 3b: The wholesale market for central access provided at a fixed location for mass-market products.
Under the Current Market Decisions, the Danish Business Authority has imposed certain obligations on TDC
Holding, including TDC NET as its subsidiary. In respect of markets 3a and 3b, TDC NET is obliged to offer
non-discriminatory and transparent wholesale access to DSL (copper) and fibre broadband to interested service
providers with a capped price based on a long run average incremental cost-model (LRAIC).
In addition to the wholesale price control, TDC Holding and, by extension, its subsidiaries TDC NET and
Nuuday jointly, are subject to a requirement not to implement and/or perform a margin squeeze arising from the
Current Market Decisions in respect of markets 3a and b. However, TDC NET believes that the notice periods
under its wholesale agreements, including under the Cooperation Agreements with Nuuday, related to potential
price are sufficiently extensive to ensure that Nuuday is able to adjust its prices in accordance with any such
price increase, thereby limiting the risk of carrying out a margin squeeze.
TDC NET has agreed with the Danish Business Authority to provide open access to service providers on its
coax network through a commercial agreement (reference offer), which is available to all interested service
providers and which is supervised by the Danish Business Authority.
The market 3a and 3b decisions have now been replaced by New Market Decisions and will be phased out over
a shorter period in the areas where TDC is no longer designated as having SMP.
In addition to the regulation and anticipated regulation of market 3, described above, TDC NET is, with respect
to markets 1 and 2, required to provide access to mobile and fixed call termination services in accordance with
the Current Market Decisions and the EU Commission adopted Delegated regulation on EU-wide voice-call
termination rates of 18 December 2020.
10.2.1.2 New Market Decisions
On 17 December 2021, the Danish Business Authority adopted a number of new market decisions with respect
to the markets for broadband access in Denmark (the “New Market Decisions”). The New Market Decisions
83

--- Page 85 ---
are based on an analysis carried out by the Danish Business Authority, which the Danish Business Authority
have indicated that they are seeking to further regulate. The New Market Decisions and the approved
commitments on the markets for high and low capacity respectively took effect as of 1 January 2022. However,
the Existing Market Decisions will remain in force for eight months vis-à-vis existing service providers.
Under the New Market Decisions, the former market 3a and 3b, as defined under the Current Market
Decisions, has been redefined as comprising two markets for high-speed infrastructure, comprising fibre and
coax networks (in this Base Prospectus referred to as the “Regional High Speed Market”), and low-speed
infrastructure, comprising the copper network (in this Base Prospectus referred to as the “National Low Speed
Market”). The Regional High Speed Market is expected to be defined on a regional basis, while the National
Low Speed Market is defined on a national basis.
Within the Regional High Speed Market, which comprises in total 21 regions, TDC NET is designated as
having SMP principally in the Capital Region as well as in three smaller regions across Denmark, and, by
extension, not be designated as having SMP within the remaining 17 regions, which may lead to a higher
degree of commercial flexibility as TDC NET will be able to price its products on market terms within such
regions where TDC NET will not be designated as having SMP, as compared to the current regulatory regime,
where a maximum price is established on national basis under the LRAIC method. Within the National Low
Speed Market, comprising the copper network, TDC NET is designated as having SMP on a nationwide basis
throughout Denmark but the revised regulatory framework is expected to lead to further commercial flexibility,
as the method of price control will be revised as set out below.
In connection with the revision of the regulatory framework and the New Market Decisions, the current form of
regulation in the form of measures imposed by the Danish Business Authority will—based on TDC NET’s
proposed commitments—be replaced with a commitment-based model, whereby TDC NET will undertake
certain commitments to apply in lieu of regulatory measures to otherwise be imposed by the Danish Business
Authority (the “Market Commitments”).
As part of the Market Commitments, TDC NET will undertake nationwide commitments applicable across the
National Low Speed Market and the Regional High Speed Market in terms of non-discriminatory access to its
networks (covering the copper, fibre and coax networks) and certain transparency obligations. In addition, TDC
NET will undertake certain commitments addressing specific areas such as network access and price control
within the National Low Speed Market on national basis and within such regions in the Regional High Speed
Market, where TDC NET will be designated as having SMP.
In addition, the LRAIC price control method under the Current Market Decisions will be replaced with a
model, whereby certain maximum prices will apply in respect of such areas within the National Low Speed
Market and the Regional High Speed Market where TDC NET are deemed to have SMP.
10.2.2 The Danish numbering plan
The regulation of allocation and use of numbers and numbering ranges in the Danish numbering plan is set out
in the Telecommunications Act, Sections 21 to 32 and Executive Order no. 425 of 14 April 2011 (in
Danish: “Nummerbekendtgørelsen”). All commercial providers of telecommunication networks or -services are
entitled upon request to have available numbers and number ranges allocated by the relevant Danish Energy
Agency in consideration of a fee. Numbers and numbering ranges not already in use may only be transferred to
other providers upon approval from the relevant authority. Active numbers may be transferred (ported) to other
providers upon approval by the end-customers. Number resources may be recalled by the Danish Energy
Agency in the event of repeated non-compliance with the above-mentioned regulation and in cases of non-use.
10.2.3 Universal service obligations
Under the Telecommunications Act, TDC NET is designated as the universal service provider in Denmark.
Being a universal service provider, TDC NET is under an obligation to provide certain basic telecommunication
services to all end-customers regardless of their location within Denmark, including providing telephone
services and handling alarm calls. TDC NET is committed to supporting Nuuday to provide the universal
services on reasonable terms to anyone requesting such services.
The universal service provider appointment expires on 31 December 2023 and will be subject to legislative
review at this point with the possibility of extension for up to two years following this date. The European
Communication Code sets out the possibility for national authorities to impose universal service obligations
with respect to broadband. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no such universal service obligation has been
imposed in Denmark with respect to broadband.
84

--- Page 86 ---
10.2.4 Spectrum licenses and regulation of use of masts and antenna positions
TDC NET operates its mobile network based on spectrum licenses issued by the Danish Energy Agency in
accordance with the Radio Frequencies Act. The acquisition and use of radio frequencies in Denmark is
regulated through the Act on Radio Frequencies.
Licenses to use frequencies are typically issued for a duration of 20 years and are issued on the basis of an
auction or public tender process, which establishes certain terms and conditions that bidders must comply with
and may include obligations with respect to duration or coverage, meaning that the winning bidder must
increase the mobile coverage in a geographical area or to a certain number of addresses in order to obtain the
license. In connection with the license auctions, TDC NET will typically agree to provide successive payments
of the auction price in annual instalments over the course of 10 years, which, for accounting purposes, are
included as capital expenditures on the balance sheet. A financial institution meeting certain minimum ratings
must provide a guarantee for the payments in favour of the Danish Energy Agency, with the guarantee covering
at least three annual payments. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a total of DKK 2,263 million is
outstanding under successive payments for spectrum licenses of which approximately half falls due within five
years of this Base Prospectus and the remaining payments fall due from five to eleven years of this Base
Prospectus. The terms and conditions for the spectrum licenses must be upheld throughout the term of the
licenses and is subject to the oversight of the Danish Energy Agency, which may issue fines, request corrective
measures and ultimately revoke the spectrum license in case of non-compliance with the terms and conditions
of the license.
In addition, TDC NET is subject to certain regulations in respect of its mobile masts, including rules providing
for the shared use of masts with other telecommunication operators, and the telecommunications industry has
entered into an agreement among the mobile operators in Denmark concerning the terms and conditions for the
rental of mobile masts.
10.2.5 Information security/cybersecurity requirements applicable to providers of telecommunication
networks and services in Denmark
As a result of owning and operating infrastructure which is deemed critical on a national scale, TDC must
comply with certain sector specific rules, including the establishment of extensive information policies,
maintenance of risk management procedures and the registration of all critical equipment and components.
In addition, TDC NET is obligated to notify the Danish Centre for Cybersecurity when purchasing or
contracting with suppliers of hardware and software related to its critical infrastructure, and the Danish Centre
for Cybersecurity may impose changes or prohibit arrangements if such arrangements are found to be contrary
to national security.
10.3 Legal intercept and retention regulation
According to the Telecommunications Act, the telecommunications providers in Denmark, including TDC NET
are obligated to ensure that their networks and services can accommodate requests from police authorities for
the legal intercept of telecommunications, and TDC NET is further obligated to retain data for one year to
enable disclosure to police authorities for the investigation of criminal cases, subject to lawful requests for such
disclosure. On 3 March 2022, a new legislative bill was adopted in Denmark concerning logging and data
retention, which have been subject to review by the public and relevant stakeholders. Under the new legislation,
the current regime is amended and replaced with a targeted data retention regime rather than an undifferentiated
data retention regime. In accordance with the new legislation, TDC NET is likely to incur additional costs for
the acquisition of certain hardware and technical equipment in order to ensure that it is able to exercise targeted
retention of data in accordance with the proposal.
10.4 Protection of personal data (GDPR)
As a telecommunications provider, TDC NET regularly processes personal data. Ensuring secure and compliant
processing of information and personal data as well as a high standard of cyber security are high priorities of
TDC NET.
Regulators around the world have adopted or proposed requirements regarding the collection, use, transfer,
security, storage, destruction, and other processing of personally identifiable information and other data relating
to individuals, and these laws are increasing in number, enforcement, fines, and other penalties. The GDPR
went into effect in May 2018, implementing more stringent requirements in relation to companies’ use of
personal data relating to individuals (“data subjects”). Under the GDPR, the expanded definition of personal
85

--- Page 87 ---
data includes information such as name, identification number, email address, location data, online identifiers
such as Internet protocol addresses and cookie identifiers, or any other type of information that can either
directly or indirectly identify a living individual. The GDPR and supplementary member state law imposes a
number of requirements, which include: compliance with general principles relating to the processing; a lawful
ground for each processing of personal data; higher standards for organisations to demonstrate that they have
obtained valid consent or have another legal basis in place to justify their data processing activities; providing
expanded information about how data subjects’ personal data is or will be processed; preparation of data
processing agreements; preparation of written risk assessments; carrying out data protection impact assessments
for operations which present specific risks to individuals due to the nature or scope of the processing operation;
an obligation to appoint data protection officers in certain circumstances; rights for individuals e.g. right to
access, right to be “forgotten” and right to data portability, as well as enhanced current rights; the principal of
accountability and demonstrating compliance through policies, procedures, training, and audit; profiling
restrictions; a mandatory data breach reporting regime; and specific additional requirements in case of transfers
of personal data to third countries outside of EU/EEA.
TDC NET is further subject to the Directive 2002/58/EC concerning the processing of personal data and the
protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector (the “ePrivacy Directive”), as implemented in
Denmark through Executive Order no. 1882 of 4 December 2020, which governs certain sector specific
privacy-related matters of data transmissions within telecommunications.
In order to monitor and ensure a high degree of compliance with the GDPR, TDC NET has established a
privacy organisation. The privacy organisation is based on a three-tier approach, with the first tier consisting of
data protection managers tasked with ensuring compliance within TDC NET’s business lines, the second tier
consisting of privacy compliance managers tasked with monitoring and coordinating the work of the data
protection managers and the third tier consisting of TDC NET’s data protection officer, being the principal
advisor and privacy officer within TDC NET, and which is subject to monthly reporting to the Executive
Management.
86

--- Page 88 ---
11. MANAGEMENT AND GOVERNANCE
TDC NET has a two-tier governance structure consisting of the Board of Directors and Executive Management.
The members of both the Board of Directors and the Executive Management may be contacted at TDC NET’s
business address Teglholmsgade 1, 2450 Copenhagen SV, Denmark.
11.1 Board of Directors in TDC NET
The following table sets out the names and positions of the members of the Board of Directors of TDC NET:
Name
Position
Independent(1)
Henrik Clausen . . . . . . . . . . . .
Chairman of the board of directors
Not Independent
Frank Hyldmar . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vice Chairman of the board of directors
Independent
Gabriela Styf Sjöman . . . . . . . .
Member of the board of directors
Independent
Geoff Shakespeare . . . . . . . . . .
Member of the board of directors
Independent
Kurt Preben Nielsen . . . . . . . . .
Member of the board of directors
Not Independent
Martin Dollaris Præstegaard . . . .
Member of the board of directors
Not Independent
Natalia Akst . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Member of the board of directors
Not Independent
Ole Mølgaard Andersen
. . . . . .
Member of the board of directors
Not Independent
Svend Bank Andreasen . . . . . . .
Member of the board of director
Not Independent
Casper Niclas Bøgelund Moser . .
Alternate member of the board of directors for Ole
Mølgaard Andersen
Independent
Martin Crone
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Alternate member of the board of directors for
Gabriela Styf Sjöman
Not Independent
Nikolaj Wilhjelm Galskjøt . . . . .
Alternate member of the board of directors for
Henrik Clausen
Not independent
Søren Kalmeyer
. . . . . . . . . . .
Alternate member of the board of directors for Sven
Bank Andreasen
Not Independent
(1)
“Independent” means any director on the board of directors of TDC NET which satisfies the following requirements: (i) the director
does not have, and has not previously had, any executive or non-executive role in any Related Entity (except for being a director of
TDC Holding where such role is, or has been, terminated with effect from no later than 1 January 2022 and provided that the director
satisfies the requirements in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below); (ii) the director does not have, and has not previously had, any executive
or non-executive role in any Significant Shareholder; and (iii) the director is not an employee of, or elected by the employees of, the
Security Group. For these purposes “Related Entity” means any direct or indirect holding company of TDC NET Holding or any
subsidiary of such holding company (other than a member of the Security Group) and “Significant Shareholder” means any direct or
indirect shareholder of TDC NET Holding owning, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the outstanding share capital of TDC NET
Holding (but excluding any Related Entity).
Henrik Clausen has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of TDC NET since 17 February 2020.
Mr. Clausen currently serves as a member of the board of directors at Technical University of Denmark.
Mr. Clausen has previously been the CEO of TDC Holding and a member of the board of directors in Nuuday.
Mr. Clausen has a degree in Civil Engineering from the Technical University of Denmark and a master’s degree
in business administration from INSEAD, Paris.
Frank Hyldmar has served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of TDC NET since 8 December 2021.
Mr. Hyldmar currently holds the position of CEO at Currenta and serves as a member of the board of directors
at YIT Oyj. Mr. Hyldmar has previously been a member of the board of directors in TDC Holding.
Mr. Hyldmar has a master’s degree in economics from Copenhagen Business School.
Gabriela Styf Sjöman (Gabriela Alejandra Styf Sjöman) has served as member of the Board of Directors of
TDC NET since 8 December 2021. Mrs. Sjöman has a master’s degree in business administration from
University of Durham, UK.
Geoff Shakespeare (Geoffery Shakespeare) has served as member of the Board of Directors at TDC NET since
8 December 2021. Mr. Shakespeare currently holds the position as Chief Operating Officer at National
Broadband Ireland and serves as member of the board at eCar Ltd and as managing director at Shakespeare
Advisory Ltd and Shakespeare Telecommunications Ltd. Mr. Shakespeare has a bachelor’s degree in
engineering from Fellow of Institute of Engineers Ireland.
Kurt Preben Nielsen has served as a member of the Board of Directors of TDC NET since 8 December 2021.
Mr. Nielsen currently serves as project manager at TDC NET. Mr. Nielsen is holder of a diploma in commerce
(in Danish: merkonom), diploma in management and qualified as office assistant.
87

--- Page 89 ---
Martin Dollaris Præstegaard has served as member of the Board of Directors of TDC NET since 8 December
2021. Mr. Præstegaard is currently vice CEO and CFO of ATP and serves as vice chairman in the board of
directors of Københavns Lufthavn A/S, as well as board member at ATP Ejendomme A/S, ATP Real Estate,
ATP Private Equity Partners, ATP Timberland Invest K/S and Kapitalforeningen ATP Invest. Mr. Præstegaard
has previously been a member of the board of directors in TDC Holding. Mr. Præstegaard has a master’s
degree in political science from University of Copenhagen, Denmark.
Natalia Akst (Natalia Akst) has served as member of the Board of Directors at TDC NET since 28 April 2022.
Mrs. Akst is currently Managing Director at Macquarie Asset Management. Mrs. Akst has a master’s of science
in Financial Economics from University of Oxford – Saïd Business School, a bachelor’s degree in Economics
from University of London and bachelor’s degree in Economics from Higher School of Economics, Moscow.
Ole Mølgaard Andersen has served as member of the Board of Directors of TDC NET since 17 September
2019 as an employee elected board member. Mr. Andersen holds the position of secretary in Dansk Metal Tele
Vest, and as a service technician within TDC NET. Mr. Andersen qualified as a locksmith from Aalborg
Technical School.
Svend Bank Andreasen has served as member of the Board of Directors of TDC NET since 17 September
2019 as an employee elected board member. Mr. Andreasen currently does not hold other director position.
Mr. Andreasen holds the position of senior project manager in TDC NET. Mr. Andreasen has a master’s degree
in fibre optics and electromagnetics from the Technical University of Denmark.
Casper Niclas Bøgelund Moser has served as board alternate for Ole Mølgaard Andersen to the Board of
Directors of TDC NET since 17 September 2019. Mr. Moser currently holds the position of vice chairman of
the board of directors in Dansk Metal Tele Øst and as a board member in Teleforeningen. Mr. Moser currently
holds the position as a service technician in TDC NET. Mr. Moser qualified as a telecommunication technician
from TEC, Frederiksberg, Denmark.
Martin Crone has served as board alternate for Gabriela Styf Sjöman to the Board of Directors of TDC NET
since 8 December 2021. Mr. Crone currently holds the position as director at PFA Asset Management.
Mr. Crone has a master’s degree in finance and Accounting from Copenhagen Business School, Denmark.
Nikolaj Wilhjelm Galskjøt has served as board alternate for Henrik Clausen to the Board of Directors of TDC
NET since 8 December 2021. Mr. Galskjøt is currently Senior Advisor at AIP Management, Associate Partner
at SMV Capital and Partner at MercuryCapital, and serving as alternate board member at DKT Holding ApS.
Mr. Galskjøt has a master’s degree in economics from University of Copenhagen, Denmark.
Søren Kalmeyer has served as board alternate for Sven Bank Andreasen to the Board of Directors of TDC
NET since 17 September 2019. Mr. Kalmeyer currently holds the position as product owner in TDC NET.
Mr. Kalmeyer has a master’s degree in business administration from Aarhus University, Denmark.
11.2 Executive Management in TDC NET
The following table sets out the names and positions of the members of the Executive Management of
TDC NET.
Name
Position
Andreas Pfisterer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Chief Executive Officer
Ulrik Laudrup Bølling
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Chief Financial Officer
Andreas Pfisterer and Ulrik Laudrup Bølling are registered with the Danish Business Authority as the
Executive Management in TDC NET.
Andreas Pfisterer (Andreas Albert Pfisterer) has been part of the Executive Management of TDC NET since
June 2019. Mr. Pfisterer currently holds the title as CEO of TDC NET and. Mr. Pfisterer is also a part of the
board of directors of Dansk Kabel TV A/S, where Mr. Pfisterer holds the position of chairman. Mr. Pfisterer
has a master’s degree in computer science from European Business School, Wiesbaden, London and San Diego,
and a master’s degree in economics and business administration from University of Hagen, Deutschland.
Ulrik Laudrup Bølling has been part of the Executive Management of TDC NET since November 2019.
Mr. Bølling currently holds the title as CFO of TDC NET and is also a part of the board of directors of Dansk
Kabel TV and Fiberkysten A/S. Mr. Bølling has a master’s degree in economics from the University of
Copenhagen, Denmark.
88

--- Page 90 ---
On 16 May 2022, TDC NET informed that Andreas Pfisterer will leave his position as Chief Executive Officer
of TDC NET and TDC NET Holding within the next twelve months. The search for a new Chief Executive
Officer has been initiated. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Andreas Pfisterer remains the Chief
Executive Officer of TDC NET and TDC NET Holding.
11.3 Key Employees in TDC NET
The following table sets out the names and positions of the members of the Key Employees of TDC NET. The
Key Employees consist of the management team of TDC NET.
Name
Position
Christian Liversidge Duer
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Head of Delivery & Field Serivce’
Inge Hansen . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Head of Corporate Affairs
Jakob Brebbia Dirksen
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Chief Transformation & Strategy Office
Joss Delissen
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Chief Information Officer
Lika Thiesen
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Chief Human Resources Officer
Michael Fränkle
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Chief Technology Officer
Robert Rene Dogonowski
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Chief Commercial Officer
Christian Liversidge Duer has been part of the management team of TDC NET since June 2019. Mr. Duer
currently holds the title of Head of Delivery & Field Service’ of TDC NET and serves as member of the board
of directors at Dansk Kabel TV A/S. Mr. Duer has a master’s degree in civil engineering from the Technical
University of Denmark, and Mr. Duer has a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Copenhagen
Business School.
Inge Hansen (Inge Vestergaard Hansen) has been part of the management team of TDC NET since
September 2019. Ms. Hansen currently holds the title of Head of Corporate Affairs of TDC NET. Ms. Hansen
is a member of the Board of Dansk Erhverv (the Danish Chamber of Commerce) from 1 January 2022.
Ms. Hansen has a master’s degrees in economics from London School of Economics and from the University
of Copenhagen.
Jakob Brebbia Dirksen has been part of the management team of TDC NET since November 2019.
Mr. Dirksen currently holds the title of Chief Transformation & Strategy Office of TDC NET and serve as a
board member of Fiberkysten A/S and ComplyCloud A/S. Mr. Dirksen has a master’s degree in industrial
mathematics from Technical University of Denmark.
Joss Delissen (Joss Johannes Paules Lambertus Maria Delissen) has been part of the management team of TDC
NET since August 2021. Mr. Delissen currently holds the title of Chief Information Officer of TDC NET.
Mr. Delissen does not hold any board member positions. Mr. Delissen has a doctor degree in business
economics at Erasmus University Rotterdam, Netherlands.
Lika Thiesen has been part of the management team of TDC NET since September 2021. Mrs. Thiesen
currently holds the title of Chief Human Resource Officer of TDC NET and serves as a member of the board of
directors at ENIGMA Museum. Mrs. Thiesen has a bachelor’s degree in Political Science from Aarhus
University, Denmark, a master degree in Public Administration from Northern Illinois University, USA, and a
Ph.D in political science from Northern Illinois University, USA.
Michael Fränkle has been part of the management team of TDC NET since June 2019. Mr. Fränkle currently
holds the title as Chief Technology Officer of TDC NET. Mr. Fränkle does not hold any board member
positions. Mr. Fränkle has a master’s degree in electrical engineering from Technical University Darmstadt.
Robert Rene Dogonowski has been part of the management team of TDC NET since June 2019.
Mr. Dogonowski currently holds the title Chief Commercial Officer of TDC NET, and Mr. Dogonowski serves
as a member of the board of directors at Dansk Kabel TV A/S. Mr. Dogonowski has a Ph.D in economics from
Aarhus University.
11.4 Conflict of interest
There are no family ties among the members of the Board of Directors or the Executive Management.
With the exception of Martin Dollaris Præstegaard, Martin Crone, Natalia Akst and Nikolaj Wilhjelm Galskjøt,
the Issuer is not aware of any member of the Board of Directors or the Executive Management or any of the
Key Employees in TDC NET having been appointed to their current position pursuant to an agreement or
understanding with any of TDC NET’s major shareholders, customers, suppliers or other parties.
89

--- Page 91 ---
See “Shareholders” for a description of the current ownership interest in the Issuer held by members of the
Board of Directors, the Executive Management or the Key Employees.
None of the members of the Board of Directors, or the Executive Management or the Key Employee have
conflicts of interest with respect to their duties as members of the Board of Directors, or the Executive
Management or as Key Employee and their private interests and/or other duties, except for the members of the
Board of Directors, Martin Dollaris Præstegaard, Martin Crone, Natalia Akst and Nikolaj Wilhjelm Galskjøt,
for the reasons set out in the paragraph below.
Martin Dollaris Præstegaard is vice-CEO and CFO of ATP, Natalia Akst is Managing Director at Macquarie
Asset Management, Martin Crone holds the position as director at PFA Asset Management and Nikolaj
Wilhjelm Galskjøt is Senior Advisor at AIP Management (investment vehicle for PKA) and is also an alternate
on the board of directors of TDC Holding and DKT Holding A/S.
Other than as set out above, none of the members of the Board of Directors or the Executive Management nor
any Key Employees have positions in other companies which could result in a conflict of interest vis-à-vis such
companies, either because TDC NET has an equity interest in such company or because TDC NET and the
company concerned have an ongoing business relationship, except as disclosed under “Related Party
Transactions”. However, TDC NET may do business in the ordinary course with companies in which members
of the Board of Directors, or the Executive Management and the Key Employees hold positions as directors or
officers.
TDC NET has implemented control measures and processes, management instruction (strict conflict of interest
protective measures, completely independent Executive Management), to ensure independent decision making
and reporting, division of roles and responsibilities and counteract conflict of interests. See “—Governance”.
It follows from the Rules of Procedure of the Board of Directors and the Danish Companies Act that a member
of the Board of Directors or the Executive Management shall not participate in the preparation, discussions or
the decision-making process concerning (a) an agreement between TDC NET and the member in question,
(b) legal proceedings between the member in question and TDC NET or, (c) an agreement between TDC NET
and any third-party or legal proceedings brought against any third-party if the member in question has a
significant interest therein that may conflict with TDC NET’s interests.
11.5 Governance
Following completion of the TDC Demerger, the TDC Group has implemented an increased operational
separation of TDC NET and Nuuday, the goal being that TDC NET and Nuuday shall function as independent
companies, even though they are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, under common ownership.
As part of the operational separation, a new governance structure was implemented on 8 December 2021. Until
8 December 2021, the TDC Holding board of directors functioned as the operational board of the TDC Group
companies. Consequently, the board members of TDC Holding led the strategic direction of both TDC NET
and Nuuday.
On 8 December 2021, the board of TDC Holding was changed to consist of six (6) members who are all
representatives of members of the Consortium.
At the same time, the board of TDC NET was changed so that, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it
consists of six members elected by the general meeting of shareholders and three employee representatives.
Three of the shareholder elected members were not part of the board of TDC Holding prior to 8 December
2021 and two are former members of the board of TDC Holding and one member is still a member of the
board of TDC Holding. This reflects a desire to, on the one hand, ensure that the board of TDC NET is
independent and, on the other hand, to ensure that the members of the board have the requisite breadth of
experience. Only one shareholder elected board member of TDC NET is present in both TDC NET and Nuuday
board of directors. See “—Conflict of interest”.
Changing the composition of the TDC Holding board of directors and implementing two separate boards for
TDC NET and Nuuday was done to further facilitate the operational separation and independence of TDC NET
and Nuuday. From 8 December 2021, the board of directors of each of TDC NET and Nuuday will be the
operational boards of these companies. Consequently, the board of TDC NET will drive the strategic direction
of TDC NET in contrast to the former set-up where the board of directors of TDC Holding was in effect the
operational board for TDC NET and Nuuday.
The board of TDC Holding will, on the other hand, function as a holding company board only.
90

--- Page 92 ---
Furthermore, the Common Terms Agreement imposes an obligation upon TDC NET Holding to procure that at
all times there shall be at least one (1) Independent director on the board of directors of TDC NET (subject to a
period of forty-five (45) days to appoint a replacement independent director if an independent director resigns).
See “—Board of Directors in TDC NET” and “—Conflict of interest”. As of the date of this Base Prospectus,
three of the directors on the board of TDC NET are Independent.
The Common Terms Agreement also requires that TDC NET shall ensure that no approval or resolution for
certain significant intercompany transactions with TDC Holding and Nuuday shall be passed without prior
approval from at least one Independent director sitting on the board of directors of TDC NET (or, if there are
more than two independent directors on the board of directors of TDC NET (as is the case at the date of this
Base Prospectus), a majority of such Independent directors). See “—Board of Directors in TDC NET” and
“—Conflict of Interest”.
91

--- Page 93 ---
12. SHAREHOLDERS
The Security Group, including the Issuer and the Guarantor, is part of the broader TDC Group, which are
indirectly owned by the Consortium as outlined below—see chart in “Overview of the Security Group and the
Financing Structure—Security Group”.
12.1 The Consortium
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Security Group, including the Issuer and the Guarantor, is indirectly
owned by a consortium comprising ATP, MIRA HoldCo, PFA HoldCo and PKA Holdco (the “Consortium”),
with MIRA HoldCo having a 50% shareholding and each of ATP, PFA HoldCo and PKA Holdco holding a
16.7% shareholding.
12.1.1 Macquarie Asset Management
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, MIRA HoldCo is managed by Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets
(“MIRAEL”).
MIRAEL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Macquarie Group Limited (“MGL”) and is a member of the
Macquarie Asset Management (“MAM”) division of MGL, Macquarie’s global asset management business.
MAM is one of the most experienced private managers of infrastructure assets globally, with 27 years of
experience in investing and managing infrastructure businesses, including ports, airports, water, electricity and
gas utilities, toll roads, emergency services infrastructure, communication towers and other industrial and social
infrastructure. Today,
MAM
is
the
world’s
largest manager
of
infrastructure
investments managing
147 infrastructure assets worth approx. EUR 114.5 billion, and with equity investments in over 13.3GW of
renewable energy across 499 properties totalling 4.7 million hectares of farmland as at 30 September 2021, and
over 500 infrastructure and real asset investment professionals. On a daily basis, approximately 100 million
people use essential services provided by MAM’s infrastructure businesses.
MAM manages infrastructure equity funds globally, including MEIF5, a EUR 4.0 billion fund focused on
investment opportunities in utilities, transportation, communications infrastructure and renewable energy
throughout Europe.
12.1.2 ATP
Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension (“ATP”) is an independent, self-governing regulated pension fund established
by statutory law under the laws of Denmark registered in the Danish Business Authority’s central business
register (CVR) under registration number 43405810, having its registered office at Kongens Vænge 8,
DK-3400 Hillerød, Denmark. Denmark’s largest pension fund as well as one of Europe’s largest, established in
1964 with a view to ensuring a larger basic pension for large proportions of the Danish population—a
supplement to state retirement pension. It is funded by mandatory contributions for more than 5 million
members and has no shareholders, with profits serving members.
As at 31 December 2020 ATP has total assets under management of more than DKK 960 billion, and a long
track record of direct investments and active shareholder participation.
12.1.3 PFA Pension Fund
PFA HoldCo is 100% owned by PFA Pension, forsikringsaktieselskab (“PFA Pension”) a public limited
liability company incorporated under the laws of Denmark registered in the Danish Business Authority’s central
business register (CVR) under registration number 13594376, managed and advised by PFA Asset
Management A/S, a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Denmark registered in
the Danish Business Authority’s central business register (CVR) under registration number 32671888, each
having its registered office at Sundkrogsgade 4, DK-2100 Copenhagen Ø, Denmark.
PFA Pension was founded in 1917 as an independent company by a number of labour organisations, with the
sole purpose of ensuring a financially secure future for its customers’ employees and their families. Today, PFA
Pension provides pension and insurance products to approximately 1.3 million people from a wide range of the
largest companies and organisations in Denmark. PFA Pension achieved a positive return of investments of
DKK 31 billion in 2020.
92

--- Page 94 ---
PFA Pension is a wholly owned subsidiary of PFA Holding A/S which is a public limited company
incorporated under the laws of Denmark. With its subsidiaries PFA Holding A/S forms the largest commercial
pension fund in Denmark, with more than DKK 600 billion of assets under management as of 31 December
2020.
12.1.4 PKA Pension Funds
PKA HoldCo is 100% owned by (i) Pensionskassen for Sygeplejersker og Lægesekretærer, a pension fund
under the laws of Denmark registered in the Danish Business Authority’s central business register (CVR) under
registration number 71971511, (ii) Pensionskassen for Socialrådgivere, Socialpædagoger og Kontorpersonale, a
pension fund under the laws of Denmark registered in the Danish Business Authority’s central business register
(CVR) under registration number 71974316 and (iii) Pensionskassen for Sundhedsfaglige, a pension fund under
the laws of Denmark registered in the Danish Business Authority’s central business register (CVR) under
registration number 71973514, each having its registered office at Tuborg Boulevard 3, 2900 Hellerup,
Denmark; and PKA HoldCo is advised by AIP Management P/S (“AIP Management”) in its capacity as fund
manager acting on behalf of alternative investment funds and pension funds managed or advised by it,
including pensions funds and other institutional investors, a public limited liability company incorporated under
the laws of Denmark registered in the Danish Business Authority’s central business register (CVR) under
registration number 39504308, having its registered office at Rosenborggade 1B, DK-1130 Copenhagen K,
Denmark. PKA is one of the largest pension service providers for labour market pension funds in Denmark.
Pensionskassernes
Administration
A/S
(“PKA
Administration”),
a
public
limited
liability
company
incorporated under the laws of Denmark registered in the Danish Business Authority’s central business
register (CVR) under registration number 16265845, having its registered office at Tuborg Boulevard 3,
DK-2900 Hellerup, Denmark; manages the assets on behalf of the individual pension fund based on the
investment policy stipulated by the board of each one. The benefits are retirement pensions, spouse pensions,
child pensions, disablement pensions, lump sum retirement pensions and group life insurance benefits.
PKA is fully owned by their approximately 300,000 members, who are primarily civil servants within certain
healthcare professions. Membership is mandatory and determined as part of collective labour market
agreements mandating a fixed percentage of contributions. Overall, PKA manages total assets of approximately
EUR 45 billion as of 31 December 2020, and is co-owner of AIP Management, which focuses on long term
infrastructure investments with over EUR 4 billion invested in around 20 infrastructure assets in Europe and
North America. AIP Management’s infrastructure investments include, amongst others, Walney Extension
Offshore Wind Farm, BlaFa Wind Farm, a 353MW onshore wind farm located in Sweden and Agility Trains
East, a rolling stock fleet of 65 Hitachi Intercity Express trains in the UK.
93

--- Page 95 ---
13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Related parties include the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management as well as all
companies within the TDC Group. Related parties also include such persons’ close family members,
undertakings in which such persons have significant interest as well as other affiliates.
Other than as described below and except as ordinary remuneration and benefits paid to the members of the
Board of Directors and Executive Management, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has undertaken any
significant related party transactions for the financial year ended 31 December 2021.
For the financial year ended 31 December 2021, TDC NET has made the transactions with two related parties,
TDC Holding and Nuuday as set out below, all of which were carried out on arm’s length terms:
13.1 TDC Holding
Transactions with TDC Holding include subleases of certain properties and cars and facility management
handled by TDC NET. See “Description of TDC NET—Business Operations—Property and leases” for further
information.
The table below outlines the transactions with TDC Holding:
For the financial year
ended 31 December
(DKK million unless otherwise stated)
2021
2020
Income(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
78
53
Expenses, lease payments and capital expenditure(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1,244)
(1,377)
Receivables(3)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
186
852
Payables(3)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1,403)
(1,340)
Loans(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(12,712)
(12,712)
(1)
Relates mainly to facility management services provided from TDC NET to TDC Holding,
(2)
Comprises mainly subleases and interest payments to TDC Holding,
(3)
Receivables and payables received by TDC Holding relating to bank accounts that were placed in TDC Holding with underlying
transactions owned by TDC NET,
(4)
Loans represent a shareholder loan and a revolving credit facility
For a description of the indebtedness of TDC NET following the First Drawdown and Second Drawdown, see
“Overview of the Security Group and the Financing Structure—Indebtedness”
13.2 Nuuday
Transactions with Nuuday comprise telecommunication infrastructure and services within mobile, fixed
broadband, fixed TV, fixed voice, and other areas:
•
Mobile services are governed by the Nuuday Mobile Agreement. See “Description of TDC NET—Business
Operations—Material Contracts—Nuuday Mobile Agreement”.
•
Fixed broadband comprises broadband core and access on copper, coax and fiber.
•
For fixed TV, agreements include DVB-C TV access on the coax network and IPTV access on the DSL
and fiber network.
•
Fixed voice includes PSTN and ISDN fixed line telephony, interconnect, and managed services.
•
Other services include IT transacted from and to TDC NET as well as facility management, accounting,
and treasury services provided by TDC NET to Nuuday. See “Description of TDC NET—IT and
telecommunication systems” for further information on IT transactions.
No loans exist between TDC NET and Nuuday.
94

--- Page 96 ---
The table below outlines the transactions with Nuuday:
For the financial year
ended 31 December
(DKK million unless otherwise stated)
2021
2020
Income(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5,392
5,594
Expenses, lease payments and capital expenditure(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(96)
(71)
Receivables(3)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,052
24
Payables(3)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(280)
(111)
Loans
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
—
(1)
Income relates mainly to the services within mobile and fixed that TDC NET provides to Nuuday,
(2)
Comprises mainly IT services that Nuuday provides to TDC NET,
(3)
Relates to normal business operations between TDC NET and Nuuday
95

--- Page 97 ---
14. DESCRIPTION OF TDC NET HOLDING
14.1 Introduction
This section describes TDC NET Holding, as Guarantor under the Programme.
14.2 Overview
TDC NET Holding, a public limited liability company (in Danish: aktieselskab), incorporated under the laws of
Denmark, registered with the Danish company register (the CVR register) under number (CVR number)
42 86 76 16, was incorporated on 29 November 2021 and is a wholly owned direct subsidiary of TDC Holding.
The legal and commercial name of TDC NET Holding is TDC NET Holding A/S. The registered office of
TDC NET Holding is at Teglholmsgade 3, DK-2450 København, Denmark.
14.3 Principal Activity
TDC NET Holding’s principal activity is to serve as a holding company of TDC NET in accordance with
article 2.1 of its articles of association. TDC NET Holding also acts as a guarantor of Senior Debt issued or
borrowed by the Security Group from time to time, including the Notes issued under the Programme.
14.4 Corporate Structure
TDC NET Holding is a holding company incorporated for the purpose of acting as a guarantor of Senior Debt
issued or borrowed by the Security Group from time to time, including the Notes issued by TDC NET under
the Programme. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, TDC NET Holding holds all of the shares in TDC
NET. TDC NET Holding is wholly owned by TDC Holding. TDC NET Holding depends on affiliates and
subsidiaries within the Security Group for revenues and the provision of various corporate services, such as IT
and human resource services.
14.5 Shareholders
TDC NET Holding is directly and wholly owned by TDC Holding. As of the date of this Base Prospectus,
TDC NET Holding had 500,000 shares of nominally DKK 1 issued and fully paid-up.
14.6 Board of Directors / Registered Executive Management
The members of the board of directors of TDC NET Holding and the registered executive management are set
out below.
TDC NET Holding
Name
Position
Biography
Henrik Clausen . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Chairman
See “Management and Governance”
Frank Hyldmar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deputy chairman
See “Management and Governance”
Gabriela Styf Sjöman . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Board member
See “Management and Governance”
Martin Dollaris Præstegaard . . . . . . . . . .
Board member
See “Management and Governance”
Geoff Shakespeare . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Board member
See “Management and Governance”
Natalia Akst . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Board member
See “Management and Governance”
Andreas Pfisterer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Chief Executive Officer
See “Management and Governance”
The business address of each member of the board of directors of TDC NET Holding it is Teglholmsgade 3,
DK-2450 København, Denmark.
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the above person’s duties to TDC NET Holding and their
private interests or other duties.
14.7 Material Contracts
Save as disclosed below, TDC NET Holding has not entered into any material contracts outside of its ordinary
course of business which could result in any member of Security Group being under an obligation or an
entitlement that is material to the Security Group’s ability to meet their obligations to holders of the
Notes issued under the Programme.
As the Guarantor, TDC NET Holding is a party to certain Finance Documents, which constitute material
contracts. For a summary of these agreements, see “Summary of the Finance Documents”.
96

--- Page 98 ---
15. SUMMARY OF THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS
The following is a summary of certain terms of the principal Finance Documents, including the Common Terms
Agreement, the STID and the Transaction Security Documents and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
detailed provisions of the Finance Documents. Potential investors should refer to “Cashflow”, for a detailed
description of the various priorities of payments.
15.1 General Overview
The Authorised Credit Providers (which includes the Noteholders) all benefit from common terms under their
relevant debt instrument or facility agreement, as applicable, and a common security package granted by TDC
NET and TDC NET Holding. It is a requirement of the Common Terms Agreement that any future provider of
an Authorised Credit Facility must accede to and be bound by the terms of the Common Terms Agreement (see
“—Common Terms Agreement” below), the intercreditor arrangements contained in the STID (see “—STID”
below) and the master definitions agreement related thereto (the “Master Definitions Agreement”). The Issuer
is a party to and bound by the Common Terms Agreement, the STID and the Master Definitions Agreement.
The Common Terms Agreement sets out the common terms applicable to each Authorised Credit Facility into
which the Obligors enter. Save for certain limited exceptions, no Authorised Credit Provider can have
additional representations, covenants, trigger events or events of default beyond the common terms deemed to
be incorporated by reference into their Authorised Credit Facilities through their execution of, or accession to,
the Common Terms Agreement.
The STID regulates among other things (i) the claims of the Secured Creditors, (ii) the exercise and
enforcement of rights by the Secured Creditors and (iii) the giving of instructions, consents and waivers and, in
particular, the basis on which votes of the Secured Creditors will be counted.
All agreements listed below and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are
governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts, save for certain
Transaction Security Documents governed by Danish law.
15.1.1 Common Terms Agreement
15.1.1.1 General
As noted above, all Authorised Credit Providers not originally party thereto must accede to the Common Terms
Agreement in respect of their Authorised Credit Facilities.
There are also other Secured Creditors which are party to the Common Terms Agreement including the Hedge
Counterparties, lenders under the Initial Senior Term Facility A, lenders under the Initial Senior Term Facility
B, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, lenders under the DSR Liquidity Facility, lenders under the
O&C Reserve Facility and the Security Agent.
TDC NET shall ensure that on each date falling 45 days after the delivery of the annual financial statements
(the “SGCR Test Date”) the aggregate earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation calculated
on the same basis as EBITDA of the Security Group on an unconsolidated basis and excluding goodwill, all
intra-group items and investments in subsidiaries of any member of the Security Group represents not less than
80 per cent. of EBITDA of TDC NET Holding A/S and its subsidiaries on the relevant SGCR Test Date (the
“Security Group Coverage Requirement”). TDC NET may, by notice to the Security Agent, without the need
to obtain consent from the Security Agent or any other Finance Party, designate any member of the Security
Group which is not an Obligor (a “Designated Entity”) as a “Non-Group Entity” provided that TDC NET
certifies to the Security Agent in such notice that (i) no Trigger Event or Event of Default has occurred or at
the time of such designation would result from such designation and (ii) following such designation, the
Security Group Coverage Requirement will be met. Upon such designation, such Designated Entity will cease
to be a member of the Security Group and cease to be bound by the terms of the finance documents (whether
directly or by way of procurement obligations on the part of any Obligor). TDC NET may also, by notice to
the Security Agent, without the need to obtain consent from the Security Agent or any other Finance Party,
designate any entity previously designated as a “Non-Group Entity” as a member of the Security Group (and,
in TDC NET’s discretion, as an Obligor, provided that entity has acceded to the finance documents in
accordance with the Common Terms Agreement).
The Obligors may incur additional debt subject to such debt being Additional Financial Indebtedness.
The Common Terms Agreement also sets out the cash management arrangements applicable to the Obligors
and the hedging policy applicable to the Obligors (see “—Hedging Arrangements” below).
97

--- Page 99 ---
15.1.1.2 Representations
Each Obligor has made certain representations and warranties severally with respect to itself and, where
applicable, other members of the Security Group (subject to detailed carve-outs, exceptions and qualifications
set forth in the Common Terms Agreement) to each Finance Party. These include the following representations
and warranties as to:
a)
corporate status (due incorporation, capacity, power and authority, etc.);
b)
legal, valid and binding obligations under the Finance Documents, including choice of law (subject to the
Legal Reservations and, in the case of the Security, the Perfection Requirements);
c)
validity and ranking of security (subject to the Legal Reservations and the Perfection Requirements);
d)
Finance Documents do not conflict with applicable law or regulation, constitutional documents or any
other document which is binding upon it where such conflict would have a Material Adverse Effect;
e)
accuracy of most recent financial statements and no subsequent material adverse change and no
undisclosed contingent liabilities giving rise to a Material Adverse Effect;
f)
admissibility of documents in evidence in its jurisdiction of incorporation (subject to the Legal
Reservations and, in the case of the Security, the Perfection Requirements);
g)
the absence of other non-permitted security interests;
h)
compliance with law and regulation (including environmental), save where failure to do so would not have
a Material Adverse Effect;
i)
no outstanding defaults or trigger events;
j)
no insolvency or other analogous proceedings;
k)
no withholding of taxes from payments under the Finance Documents;
l)
taxation (including (i) payment of taxes attributable to the Security Group up to date (save for taxes being
contested in good faith (with adequate reserves being maintained for such taxes and the costs required to
contest them) or such payment can be lawfully withheld) and where failure to pay does not or is not
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) no actual or threatened claims with respect to
taxes which is reasonably likely to be adversely determined and which, if adversely determined, is
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect);
m)
no Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness;
n)
no litigation commenced, pending or threatened which if adversely determined would have a Material
Adverse Effect (save as otherwise disclosed in the prospectus or other diligence materials and to the best
of the Obligor’s knowledge and belief (having made due and careful enquiry));
o)
ownership or leases of assets necessary to operate the Security Group’s business where failure to do so
would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
p)
the absence of any material environmental claims (to the best of the Obligor’s knowledge and belief
(having made due and careful enquiry));
q)
accuracy in all material respects of certain written information supplied, including information relating to
the final prospectus relating to Notes (to the best of the Obligor’s knowledge and belief (having made due
and careful enquiry));
r)
accuracy (in all material respects) of structure chart provided;
s)
no requirement to issue further share capital or rights over share capital in existence;
t)
assumptions used in respect of financial ratio calculations and projections made in good faith consistent
with financial information required to be produced and materially consistent with accounting standards and
good industry practice and in each case to the best of the Obligor’s knowledge and belief (having made
due and careful enquiry);
u)
status of security (absolute legal and beneficial owner of assets or interests in assets and security interests
conferred under security documents are not subject to any prior or pari passu security interest (other than
some permitted exceptions and subject to the Legal Reservations and the Perfection Requirements));
98

--- Page 100 ---
v)
in respect of each of TDC NET Holding and TDC NET, confirmation of Denmark as its jurisdiction of
incorporation;
w)
applicable sanctions, money laundering and anti-bribery laws having been complied with (to the best of
the Obligor’s knowledge and belief (having made due and careful enquiry) and subject to any applicable
anti-boycott laws and regulations);
x)
no filing or stamp taxes;
y)
ownership of shares;
z)
holding companies (applicable to TDC NET Holding);
aa) accounting reference date; and
bb) pension arrangements.
The Common Terms Agreement provides that an Authorised Credit Facility may contain such additional
representations and warranties by the Obligors with respect to:
a)
any tax representations and warranties;
b)
any representations and warranties which state that a Party is acting as principal;
c)
any additional or more frequent representations and warranties contained in a Liquidity Facility
Agreement;
d)
any additional representations and warranties contained in an accession memorandum subject to certain
requirements;
e)
any additional or more frequent representations and warranties given in any Hedging Agreement;
f)
any additional representations and warranties given in an Authorised Credit Facility entered into in
connection with any private placement note purchase agreement with respect to US law and/or tax law
issues which are customarily included in agreements in connection with the issue of private placement
notes;
g)
any representation or warranty (however frequently given or repeated) in respect of any information
memorandum or financial projections produced in connection with the entering into of any Authorised
Credit Facility;
h)
any representation given in respect of the group structure of the Security Group and any re-organisation in
respect thereof; or
i)
any additional representations and warranties given in respect of anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money
laundering and/or sanctions.
The Common Terms Agreement also provides that additional representations and warranties may be provided
to another acceding Secured Creditor provided that such additional representations and warranties will also be
provided to the existing parties to the Common Terms Agreement.
Certain of the representations and warranties, including as regards to status, title to assets and status of security
are deemed to be repeated by the relevant Obligor (by reference to the facts and circumstances existing at such
time) on (i) the first date on which any utilisation is made after the Closing Date; (ii) each payment date, (iii) in
the case of an Obligor acceding to an Authorised Credit Facility, on the date of its accession.
15.1.1.3 Covenants
The Common Terms Agreement contains certain covenants from each of the Obligors (on behalf of itself and,
where applicable, other members of the Security Group) for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and the
Security Agent (subject, where applicable, to customary exceptions and qualifications as to materiality
including, but not limited to, those set out below). A summary of the covenants which are included in the
Common Terms Agreement is set out in “—Information Covenants” and “—General Covenants” below.
99

--- Page 101 ---
Information Covenants
Each Obligor has provided covenants to the Security Agent and each Secured Creditor Representative with
respect to:
a)
the financial statements:
a.
consolidated audited financial statements for each financial year of the Security Group (except that
the consolidated audited financial statements for 2021 shall be consolidated at the level of TDC
NET), within 150 days of the end of the preceding financial year (such financial statements to be
prepared in accordance with accounting standards and comprise profit and loss account, balance sheet
and cashflow statement);
b.
consolidated, unaudited interim financial statements of the Security Group for the first half year of
each of its financial years, within 90 days of the end of each first half year (such financial statements
to be prepared in accordance with accounting standards and comprise profit and loss account, balance
sheet and cashflow statement);
c.
a semi-annual compliance certificate to be supplied with each financial statement referred to above
(including a certification that general covenants have been complied with), signed by two authorised
signatories of TDC NET; and
d.
a semi-annual investor report (including, but not limited to, a general update on the status of the
business and confirmation of the amount of any Restricted Payments (other than Permitted Payments)
made since the last investor report), signed by two authorised signatories of TDC NET;
b)
details of any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which are reasonably likely to be
adversely determined and which, if adversely determined, are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect;
c)
details of any environmental claims which are reasonably likely to be adversely determined and which, if
adversely determined, are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
d)
details of any event which could give rise to a material insurance claim in excess of an agreed threshold;
e)
notification of any event of default, default or trigger event and following any reasonable request by the
Security Agent or any Secured Creditor Representative supply of certificate certifying whether there is an
event of default, default or trigger event;
f)
copies of all material documents despatched by it to its creditors generally other than in the ordinary
course of business at the same time as they are despatched to such creditors;
g)
details of any non-compliance with any law or regulation which would be reasonably likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect; and
h)
“Know Your Customer” information requested by the Security Agent or the Secured Creditors.
Financial Definitions
“Borrowings” means, at any time and without double-counting, the aggregate outstanding principal, capital or
nominal amount of any obligations of members of the Security Group for or in respect of Financial
Indebtedness except for any Financial Indebtedness referred to in paragraph f) of the definition of “Financial
Indebtedness”.
“Calculation Date” means 30 June or 31 December in each year commencing on 30 June 2022.
“EBITDA” means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated operating profit of the Security Group
calculated in accordance with the relevant accounting principles (including the results from discontinued
operations):
a)
before deducting taxation;
b)
before deducting any interest, commission, fees, discounts, prepayment fees, premiums, charges or other
payments in the nature of a finance charge whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the
Security Group (calculated on a consolidated basis);
c)
not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Security Group (including any accrued
interest in respect of any Permitted Upstream Loan);
100

--- Page 102 ---
d)
before taking into account any Exceptional Items;
e)
after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation of goodwill or other intangible assets or the
depreciation or impairment of any assets;
f)
before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any
derivative instrument which is accounted for on a hedge accounting basis);
g)
after adding back, to the extent deducted, any costs or provisions relating to any share, bonus loan or
bonus incentive schemes for directors and employees of the Security Group;
h)
before taking into account the deduction or addition (as applicable) of any non-cash charges resulting from
fair value adjustments and mark-to-market adjustments;
i)
before taking into account any Pension Items; and
j)
after adding back, to the extent not already included, any business interruption loss incurred which is
covered by insurance,
in each case, to the extent added, deducted or taken into account, as the case may be, for the purposes of
determining operating profits of the Security Group.
“Exceptional Items” means any exceptional, one-off, non-recurring or extraordinary items, including (without
limitation) transaction costs, integration costs, separation costs, restructuring costs, reorganisation costs and
other one-off expenditures or other items which are treated as exceptional items under the relevant accounting
principles.
“Finance Charges” means, for any Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission,
commitment fees, discounts, prepayment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of
Borrowings (except for any Borrowings referred to in paragraphs a) to c) of the definition of “Total Net Debt”)
whether paid or payable by any member of the Security Group (calculated on a consolidated basis) in respect
of that Relevant Period:
a)
excluding any arrangement, underwriting or similar fees incurred in connection with the establishment of
any Permitted Financial Indebtedness;
b)
including the interest (but not the capital) element of payments in respect of Finance Leases;
c)
including any commission, fees, discounts and other finance payments payable by (and deducting any
such amounts payable to) any member of the Security Group under any interest rate or cross currency
hedging arrangement;
d)
excluding capitalised and non-capitalised interest, fees, premiums or charges in respect of Subordinated
Debt or other Financial Indebtedness subordinated to the Financial Indebtedness arising pursuant to the
Common Terms Agreement in accordance with the STID;
e)
excluding any repayment or prepayment premiums in relation to Senior Debt;
f)
at any time prior to the EMTN 2022 Refinancing, adding the amount of the accrued interest, prepayment
fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of the EMTN 2022; and
g)
at any time prior to the EMTN 2023 Refinancing, adding the amount of the accrued interest, prepayment
fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of the EMTN 2023.
“Interest Cover Ratio” means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the ratio of EBITDA for that Relevant
Period to Net Finance Charges for that Relevant Period.
“Leverage Ratio” means, in respect of any Relevant Period the ratio of Total Net Debt on the last day of that
Relevant Period to EBITDA for that Relevant Period.
“Net Finance Charges” means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the Finance Charges for that Relevant
Period after deducting any interest payable in that Relevant Period to any member of the Security Group on
any cash or cash equivalent investment (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not any interest accrued in respect of
any Permitted Upstream Loan).
“Pension Items” means any income or charge attributable to a post-employment benefit scheme other than
statutory pension insurance premia and other current service costs.
“Relevant Period” means each period of twelve (12) months ending on each Calculation Date.
101

--- Page 103 ---
“Total Net Debt” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all obligations of members of the Security
Group for or in respect of Borrowings at that time, but:
a)
excluding any such obligations to any other member of the Security Group;
b)
excluding any such obligations in respect of Subordinated Debt;
c)
excluding any Senior Debt purchased and held by a member of the Security Group;
d)
including, in the case of Finance Leases only, their capitalised value;
e)
deducting the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments held by any member of the
Security Group at that time;
f)
at any time prior to the EMTN 2022 Refinancing, adding the outstanding principal amount of the
EMTN 2022; and
g)
at any time prior to the EMTN 2023 Refinancing, adding the outstanding principal amount of the
EMTN 2023,
h)
and so that no amount shall be included, deducted, excluded or added more than once.
General Covenants
Each Obligor (on behalf of itself and, where applicable, other members of the Security Group), subject, where
applicable, to customary exceptions and qualifications as to materiality including, but not limited to, those set
out below, has given certain general covenants for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and the Security Agent
which include:
a)
obtaining and maintaining of all authorisations (and environmental approvals) required under any law or
regulation of a relevant jurisdiction (i) to enable it to perform its obligations under and, subject to the
Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements, ensure the validity of the finance and security documents
relating to the Senior Debt to which it is a party and (ii) to carry on its business, in each case where
failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
b)
compliance with laws (including environmental) and applicable regulation in each case where failure to do
so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
c)
limitation of business activities of the Security Group (the Security Group shall carry on only Permitted
Business);
d)
timely payment of taxes attributable to the Security Group (unless payments are being contested, adequate
reserves are held or such payment can be lawfully withheld and failure to pay does not or is not
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect);
e)
maintenance and preservation of assets necessary to operate the businesses of the Security Group in good
working order, in each case where failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect;
f)
maintenance of priority ranking of security (subject to the Legal Reservations and Perfection
Requirements);
g)
unsecured and unsubordinated claims of the Secured Creditors rank pari passu with the claims of all other
unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Obligors (except for those creditors whose claims are
mandatorily preferred by laws of general application to companies);
h)
maintenance of accounting systems and auditors;
i)
maintenance of hedging in accordance with agreed hedging policy as set out in “—Hedging
Arrangements” below;
j)
in respect of each of TDC NET Holding and TDC NET, maintenance of Denmark as its jurisdiction of
incorporation;
k)
no mergers, demergers, consolidations or corporate reconstructions except for those which are a Permitted
Acquisition, Permitted Disposal or a Permitted Transaction;
l)
maintenance of tax residence in its jurisdiction of incorporation;
102

--- Page 104 ---
m)
subject to exceptions for a Permitted Payment or a Permitted Transaction, no Restricted Payments unless
the Restricted Payments test is satisfied as follows:
a.
the Trigger Event Ratio Levels (as defined in “—Trigger Events” below) as set out in the most
recently delivered compliance certificate are and will continue to be satisfied pro forma for the
making of the proposed Restricted Payment;
b.
no Default or Event of Default is continuing or would result from the making of the proposed
Restricted Payment; and
c.
no other Trigger Event is continuing or would result from the making of the proposed Restricted
Payment;
n)
maturity restrictions such that not more than 50 per cent. of the total principal amount of Senior Debt
regulated by the Common Terms Agreement and the STID falls due for repayment in any three (3) year
period;
o)
restrictions on disposals other than a Permitted Disposal;
p)
restrictions on (i) acquisitions of companies, shares or securities, businesses or undertakings or Real
Property, or (ii) the incorporation of a company, in each case other than a Permitted Acquisition or a
Permitted Transaction;
q)
restrictions on joint ventures other than a Permitted Joint Venture, a Permitted Acquisition, a Permitted
Disposal, Permitted Financial Indebtedness, a Permitted Guarantee, a Permitted Loan or a Permitted Share
Issue;
r)
no Financial Indebtedness may be incurred or remain outstanding except for:
a.
Permitted Financial Indebtedness;
b.
a Permitted Transaction; and
c.
Additional Financial Indebtedness provided that (save where the Financial Indebtedness is being
incurred as part of an EMTN Refinancing or in order to refinance existing Senior Debt) financial
ratio tests being met on a pro forma backward and look forward basis for the twelve (12) months
ending on the most recent Calculation Date or projected for the twelve (12) months following such
Calculation Date (taking into account the incurrence of such Additional Financial Indebtedness (or
utilisation in full of all the commitments with respect thereto), and, to the extent the Additional
Financial Indebtedness is used towards a Permitted Acquisition, then taking into account the EBITDA
contributed to the Security Group as a consequence of such acquisition) as specified below:
i.
Leverage Ratio is less than: 6.75x; and
ii.
Interest Cover Ratio is greater than: 3.00x;
s)
that there will be no share issues except pursuant to a Permitted Share Issue or a Permitted Transaction;
t)
negative pledges (with exceptions for Permitted Security and Permitted Transactions);
u)
that there will be no loans, credit or guarantees to third parties (other than a Permitted Loan, a Permitted
Guarantee or a Permitted Transaction);
v)
the continuing maintenance of insurances (directly or indirectly by way of insurances taken out by any
Holding Company of TDC NET Holding for the benefit of the Security Group) with reputable independent
insurance companies or underwriters in relation to the Security Group’s business and assets against those
risks and to the extent as is usual for companies carrying on the same or substantially similar business
provided that appropriate insurance is commercially available and where failure to do so would have a
Material Adverse Effect;
w)
that there will be no amendments to constitutional documents that would have a Material Adverse Effect;
x)
the maintenance of intellectual property where failure to do so would have a Material Adverse Effect;
y)
the requirement for the Notes to continue to be rated by at least one rating agency;
z)
further assurance;
aa) the holding company covenant applicable to TDC NET Holding;
bb) that there will be no amendments to the Finance Documents;
103

--- Page 105 ---
cc) the accounting reference date;
dd) share ownership (relating to shares in TDC NET);
ee) a covenant relating to financial projections or forecast for the purpose of calculating the forward-looking
Trigger Event Ratio Levels for inclusion in any compliance certificate (any assumptions used in respect of
such financial projections or forecast are proposed in good faith and, to the best of TDC NET’s knowledge
and belief (having made due and careful enquiry) are proposed on reasonable grounds after careful
consideration by it in the context of which they were made, including recent historical information,
consideration of the impact during the applicable Relevant Period on the Security Group of any known
amendments or terminations of material contracts or licences, and any changes to applicable legislation or
regulation which have been publicly announced, genuinely reflect TDC NET’s views as at the date of the
relevant calculation, and are consistent with relevant accounting principles).
ff)
covenants relating to mandatory Danish Joint Taxation such that:
a.
TDC NET shall use reasonable efforts to procure that no direct or indirect Holding Company of TDC
NET will incorporate or acquire a new Subsidiary incorporated in Denmark which is not a member of
the Security Group, but which is, or will become, a member of the Danish Joint Taxation Group
unless TDC NET has provided a certificate to the Security Agent no later than thirty (30) days after
such incorporation or acquisition confirming that, to the best of its knowledge and belief (having
made due and careful enquiry), such incorporation or acquisition would not reasonably be expected to
give rise to an increase in the aggregate amount of any Relevant Tax Payments (subject to exception
for a new DJT company which is (i) a Subsidiary of TDC Holding and (ii) either a Subsidiary or
Holding Company of Nuuday A/S); and
b.
for so long as the Security Group is part of a Danish Joint Taxation Group which includes one or
more operating companies that are not members of the Security Group, TDC NET will not
(A) release the indemnity given by TDC Holding in favour of TDC NET under the Danish Joint
Taxation Agreement or (B) otherwise amend or terminate the Danish Joint Taxation Agreement to the
extent that such amendment or termination would be materially prejudicial to the interests of the
Secured Creditors under the Finance Documents (except to the extent such amendment or termination
is otherwise required to comply with Danish law, regulation or administrative guidance); and
c.
if a claim is made by the Danish tax authorities against TDC NET pursuant to Section 31(6) of the
Danish Corporate Income Tax Act with respect to taxes owed by a member of the Danish Joint
Taxation Group, which is not a member of the Security Group, TDC NET shall take steps to recover
any losses resulting from such claim from TDC Holding pursuant to the indemnity granted by TDC
Holding in favour of TDC NET under the Danish Joint Taxation Agreement and, if TDC Holding
fails to satisfy its obligations under such indemnity within reasonable time, TDC NET shall take steps
to enforce such obligations, including through the Danish courts.
gg) the requirements for at least one (1) Independent director on the board of directors of TDC NET and for at
least one (1) Independent director to approve any Significant ICC Transactions (or, if there are more than
two (2) Independent directors on the board of directors of TDC NET, a majority of the Independent
directors);
hh) that all transactions entered into by members of the Security Group after the Closing Date (including
(without limitation) transactions with any Investor Entity) will be on arm’s length terms and for fair
market value, subject to exceptions for (i) transactions between members of the Security Group; (ii) New
Shareholder Injections or Subordinated Debt; (iii) Permitted Payments or Permitted Transactions (except
for any Permitted Payments pursuant to paragraphs a) or f) of the definition of “Permitted Payment”);
(iv) fees, costs and expenses payable under the Finance Documents in the amounts set out therein; (v) any
charitable or pro bono activities of members of the Security Group up to EUR 1,000,000 (indexed) (or its
equivalent in other currencies) of cash donations in any consecutive twelve (12) month period; and
(vi) transactions with employees, directors or consultants of members of the Security Group in relation to
staff discounts or benefits, loans, bonuses, share or bonus loan incentive schemes or the payment of
reasonable costs and expenses if the amount of such transactions (other than in respect of bonuses and/or
share or bonus loan incentive schemes) when aggregated with the amount of all other such transactions
(other than in respect of bonuses and/or share or bonus loan incentive schemes) made pursuant (vi) does
not exceed EUR 5,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) in any consecutive
twelve (12) month period; and
104

--- Page 106 ---
ii)
in respect of any amendments of the Skyline Transfer Agreement (for as long as the Skyline Leasing
Portfolio is leased by TDC Holding and sub-leased to TDC NET (in whole or in part)), TDC NET shall
not amend or terminate the Skyline Transfer Agreement to the extent that such amendment or termination
would be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Secured Creditors under the Finance Documents
(provided that, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any amendment or termination with
respect to properties that are not material to the Permitted Core Business at the relevant time shall not be
in breach of this covenants).
In addition, in the STID, TDC Holding covenants for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and the Security
Agent that in respect of the Skyline Designated Account (for as long as the Skyline Leasing Portfolio is leased
by TDC Holding and sub-leased to TDC NET (in whole or in part)), TDC Holding shall ensure that:
a.
the Skyline Designated Account remains in place;
b.
the Skyline Designated Account contains a positive cash balance in an amount which is at least equal to
the aggregate amount of rent and other payments (except for any charges, liabilities and other obligations
arising in relation to utility and similar services) to be made by TDC Holding in relation to the Skyline
Leasing Portfolio during the next two (2) months; and
c.
that the Skyline Designated Account is used solely for purposes of administering payments to and from
TDC Holding in relation to the Skyline Leasing Portfolio).
15.1.1.4 Trigger Events
The Common Terms Agreement contains a separate category of events, the occurrence of which do not result
in a default, but which do result in certain increased operational restrictions and requirements for the Obligors.
This section describes these Trigger Events and their consequences which apply.
Trigger Event Types
The Obligors will be subject to the following Trigger Events (the Trigger Events at (a) below being the
“Trigger Event Ratio Levels”):
a)
breach of the relevant level specified below as at the most recent Calculation Date:
a.
the Leverage Ratio for the twelve (12) months ending on that Calculation Date, or projected for the
twelve (12) months following such Calculation Date, is more than: 6.75x; or
b.
the Interest Cover Ratio for the twelve (12) months ending on that Calculation Date, or projected for
the twelve (12) months following such Calculation Date, is less than: 3.00x
b)
an Event of Default under the Common Terms Agreement has occurred and is continuing
c)
drawing under any DSR Liquidity Facility or O&C Reserve Facility (other than a standby drawing) or
Debt Service Reserve Account or O&C Reserve Account (other than for purposes of repaying a standby
drawing);
d)
in respect of liquidity:
a.
an insufficient commitment under the DSR Liquidity Facility or funds credited to the Debt Service
Reserve Account (the minimum liquidity required amount being equal to the projected debt service
amount for the next twelve (12) months (including projected interest, commitment fee, hedging
payments and scheduled amortisation of principal, but excluding bullet repayment of principal for
non-amortising debt) (the “DSR Liquidity Required Amount”)).
b.
an insufficient commitment under the O&C Reserve Facility or funds credited to the O&C Reserve
Account (minimum liquidity required amount being equal to 10 per cent. of TDC NET’s projected
operating expenditure and capital expenditure for the next twelve (12) months, in each case, as
determined on 31 December in each year (the “O&C Reserve Required Amount”));
e)
in respect of any Notes that are outstanding, (i) one or both of the ratings assigned to the Notes (in the
case where the Notes are rated by two rating agencies) fall below BBB-/Baa3 (investment grade or
equivalent) by a rating agency or (ii) the Notes cease to be rated by at least one (1) rating agency;
f)
as at any Calculation Date, the aggregate of:
a.
the Security Group’s operating cash flows (including monies standing to the credit of the operating
accounts) available or forecast to be available for the next twelve (12) months, and
105

--- Page 107 ---
b.
undrawn capex and working capital facilities
is less than the aggregate of:
i.
the Security Group’s forecast
capital expenditure costs projected for the next twelve
(12) months, and
ii.
the Security Group’s forecast working capital requirements for the next twelve (12) months;
g)
the auditors qualify (i) the audited annual financial statements of TDC NET in relation to the financial
year ending 31 December 2021 or (ii) the audited annual financial statements of TDC NET Holding in
relation to any future financial years, in each case, in relation to (A) the accuracy in any material respect
of information they have been provided with in a manner which is or is reasonably likely to be materially
prejudicial to the interests of the Finance Parties or (B) the ability of TDC NET or TDC NET Holding (as
applicable) to continue as a going concern in a manner which is or is reasonably likely to be materially
prejudicial to the interests of the Finance Parties.
Trigger Event Consequences
If a Trigger Event occurs and is continuing, the following consequences (the “Trigger Event Consequences”)
will apply until such Trigger Event has been waived by the Security Agent or remedied in accordance with the
Trigger Event Remedies:
a.
TDC NET must provide such information as to the relevant Trigger Event as may be requested by the
Security Agent or any Secured Creditor Representative;
b.
no Restricted Payments may be made other than as permitted by the Finance Documents until the Trigger
Event is remedied and provided that no other Trigger Event is then subsisting; and
c.
TDC NET must (i) provide information regarding appropriate remedial action and the timetable for
implementation of such action and (ii) meet with the Security Agent and Secured Creditor Representatives
to discuss the ramifications of the Trigger Event and its remedy, in each case, if requested by Security
Agent acting on the instructions of Secured Creditors representing at least 20 per cent. of outstanding
Senior Debt (where a Trigger Event subsists for twelve (12) months or longer).
However, nothing in paragraphs (a) and (c) above shall oblige TDC NET to disclose information to the extent
that the disclosure of such information would breach any law, regulation, stock exchange requirement or duty
of confidentiality or where such information is, in the reasonable opinion of TDC NET, of significant
commercial sensitivity such that the disclosure of such information might reasonably be expected to be
materially prejudicial to the business and interests of TDC NET or the Security Group.
Trigger Event Remedies
At any time when a Trigger Event has been remedied by virtue of any of the following, TDC NET must serve
notice on the Security Agent to that effect. Promptly following receipt of such notice, the Security Agent shall
deliver a copy of such notice to each Secured Creditor Representative.
The following constitute remedies to the Trigger Events (each a “Trigger Event Remedy”):
a)
the relevant financial ratio is equal to or better than the Trigger Event Ratio Level as determined as at the
most recently occurring Calculation Date relating to the Relevant Period as stated in the relevant
compliance certificate;
b)
the occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph (c) of—Trigger Event Types above will be
remedied if the aggregate balance drawn down (other than by way of a standby drawing) under any
Liquidity Facility is repaid in full together with all interest accrued thereon and
a.
an amount equal to any sums withdrawn from the Debt Service Reserve Account for the purposes of
making scheduled debt service payments on the Senior Debt is deposited into the Debt Service
Reserve Account, or
b.
an amount equal to any sums withdrawn from the O&C Reserve Account for the purposes of meeting
operating and capital expenditure is deposited into the O&C Reserve Account.
c)
the occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph (d) of—Trigger Event Types above will be
remedied if TDC NET provides the Security Agent and each Secured Creditor Representative with
106

--- Page 108 ---
documentation (including a certificate signed by two (2) authorised signatories of TDC NET confirming
what the minimum liquidity required amount is at the relevant time) evidencing the availability of
a.
DSR Liquidity Facilities and/or amounts standing to the credit of the Debt Service Reserve Account
up to the DSR Liquidity Required Amount or, as applicable,
b.
O&C Reserve Facilities and/or amounts standing to the credit of the O&C Reserve Account up to the
O&C Reserve Required Amount.
d)
the occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph (b) of Part A—Trigger Event Types above will
be remedied if the Event of Default is waived in accordance with the STID or is remedied.
e)
the occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph (e) of—Trigger Event Types above will be
remedied if the credit rating of the rated Senior Debt given by the rating agency/ies that have been
engaged to provide a public long-term credit rating is no longer below investment grade.
f)
the occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph (f) of Part A—Trigger Event Types above will
be remedied if on any subsequent date the amounts referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii) thereof are in
aggregate equal to or greater than the aggregate of the amounts referred to in paragraphs (A) and (B)
thereof.
g)
the occurrence of the Trigger Event referred to in paragraph (g) of Part A—Trigger Event Types above will
be remedied if either a further set of audited annual financial statements are issued in respect of which the
audit report is not qualified or the original audit qualification is withdrawn.
15.1.1.5 Events of Default
The Common Terms Agreement contains a number of events of default (the “Events of Default” and each an
“Event of Default”) which will be Events of Default under each Finance Document. Subject to and including,
in some cases (and as stated below), agreed exceptions, materiality thresholds and qualifications, reservations
of law, grace periods and remedies, the Events of Default are:
a)
non-payment by the Obligors of amounts due under the Finance Documents relating to Senior Debt
(subject to a grace period of five Business Days where due to an administrative or technical error or a
disruption event);
b)
subject to the Equity Cure and the Headlease Transfer Adjustment Rights, there being a breach of the
relevant level specified below as at the most recent Calculation Date (a “Financial Ratio Event of
Default”):
a.
the Leverage Ratio for the twelve (12) months ending on that Calculation Date is more than: 8.25x;
b.
the Interest Cover Ratio for the twelve (12) months ending on that Calculation Date is less
than: 2.00x
c)
a breach of other obligations under the Finance Documents relating to the Senior Debt if material and not
remedied within twenty (20) Business Days;
d)
a misrepresentation under the Finance Documents relating to the Senior Debt if material and not remedied
within twenty (20) Business Days;
e)
a creditors’ process with respect to assets of an Obligor in excess of a threshold of EUR 15,000,000
(indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) which is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days
f)
a cross default in respect of members of the Security Group above a threshold of EUR 15,000,000
(indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies);
g)
the insolvency of insolvency proceedings with respect to, any Obligor;
h)
the Finance Documents and/or Security relating to the Senior Debt ceasing to be effective or become
unlawful or invalid in any respect which is material and adverse to the interests of the Secured Creditors
under the Finance Documents (subject to the Legal Reservations and, in the case of the Security, the
Perfection Requirements);
i)
any rescission or repudiation by an Obligor of a Finance Document, including a Transaction Security
Document;
j)
a nationalisation or other expropriation of an Obligor which has a Material Adverse Effect;
107

--- Page 109 ---
k)
a cessation of all or a material part of the business of the Security Group except as a result of a disposal
(which is a Permitted Disposal or a Permitted Transaction);
l)
an adverse judgement against an Obligor above a certain threshold which is reasonably likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect; and
m)
in respect of the STID, a failure to comply with material obligations or material misrepresentation by a
subordinated creditor under the STID, in each case, which is not remedied within twenty (20) Business
Days.
A “Default” means any Event of Default or event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace
period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination
of any of the foregoing) be an Event of Default.
Equity Cure Right
If a compliance certificate for any period shows or would otherwise show that a Financial Ratio Event of
Default has occurred, additional equity (by way of injection of New Shareholder Injections or Subordinated
Debt, subject to the terms of the STID) may be provided in an amount at least sufficient for the amount
necessary to prevent or cure the relevant breach (the “Equity Cure Amount”) by applying that Equity Cure
Amount (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any overcure amount) towards:
a)
prepayment or purchase of Senior Debt; or
b)
making a deposit to a defeasance account in respect of Senior Debt (to the extent not prepaid or purchased
pursuant to paragraph a) above); and
c)
payment of any related repayment costs, including (without limitation) amounts payable to Hedge
Counterparties arising as a result of termination (in whole or in part) of any hedging transactions following
prepayment or purchase of the Senior Debt, to the extent that such termination is necessary in order to
remain in compliance with the hedging policy following such prepayment or purchase,
the above being the “Equity Cure Right”.
Any Equity Cure Amount must be provided on or prior to the date falling twenty (20) Business Days after the
delivery of the relevant compliance certificate.
Following exercise of the Equity Cure Right, the applicable financial ratios will be re-calculated on a pro forma
basis as if the EBITDA for the Relevant Period had been increased by the Equity Cure Amount. The Equity
Cure Amount shall also be included in the EBITDA calculation on the subsequent Calculation Date. For the
avoidance of doubt, on the two Calculation Dates on which the EBITDA calculation is deemed to be increased
by the Equity Cure Amount, the pro forma re-calculation will not double-count the application of the Equity
Cure Amount in prepayment and/or purchase described in paragraph a) above through a reduction of Total Net
Debt and/or Net Finance Charges.
If after the relevant financial ratios are re-calculated the Financial Ratio Event of Default has been prevented or
cured, the relevant financial ratios shall be deemed to have been satisfied on the relevant Calculation Date as
though no Financial Ratio Event of Default had ever occurred and the related Financial Ratio Event of Default
shall be deemed not to have occurred.
The Equity Cure Right may not be exercised:
a)
on more than three (3) occasions in every rolling five (5) year period; or
b)
following delivery of an enforcement notice.
The Equity Cure Right cannot cure a breach of the Trigger Event Ratio Levels.
Any Equity Cure Amount to be applied in accordance with the pro rata prepayment mechanic (the “Pro Rata
Prepayment Mechanic”) as follows on a pro rata basis:
a)
towards paying or providing for the payment on a pro rata basis of the outstanding principal amount under
each Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement), together
with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the extent that such payment would not give rise to the
payment of any make-whole amount or net loss (either pursuant to the terms of the relevant Authorised
Credit Facility or because the relevant Authorised Credit Provider has waived its right to receive such
payment), less an amount which is required to pay the break costs relating to that Authorised Credit
Facility, which amount shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of those break costs; and
108

--- Page 110 ---
b)
the defeasance on a pro rata basis of the outstanding principal amount under each Authorised Credit
Facility that would require payment of a make-whole amount or net loss in connection with such relevant
prepayment, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, by depositing the relevant amounts
into the Defeasance Account up to the outstanding principal amount under any such Authorised Credit
Facility,
provided that:
a)
any declining creditor participations shall be excluded when calculating amounts which are to be
prepaid or defeased on a pro rata basis as set out above; and
b)
TDC NET may elect at its sole discretion to apply any Equity Cure Amount in prepayment of an
Authorised Credit Facility in accordance with sub-paragraph a) above rather than defeasing such
amount notwithstanding that such prepayment would require the payment of a make-whole amount or
net loss in which case the pro rata proportion of such Equity Cure Amount to be applied in
prepayment of principal outstandings under such Authorised Credit Facility shall be reduced by the
amount of make-whole amount or net loss required to be paid, which amount shall be applied in or
towards satisfaction of that make-whole amount or net loss.
TDC NET shall notify the Secured Creditor representative under each fixed rate Authorised Credit Facility in
writing not less than 20 Business Days prior to the date of making a prepayment, that such prepayment is
proposed to be made.
Such notice shall include details of the amount of the prepayment which is proposed be paid to the Authorised
Credit Providers, which in the case of such notice sent to a Secured Creditor representative, shall be the
prepayment proposed to be made under the relevant fixed rate Authorised Credit Facility pursuant to such
prepayment, in each case assuming for such purpose that a prepayment is made without any defeasance
notwithstanding the defeasance provisions set out in the STID and prior to the notification of the Secured
Creditor representative as above.
Within 5 Business Days of receipt of the notice, an Authorised Credit Provider either acting on its own behalf
or through its Secured Creditor representative, shall be entitled by irrevocable written notice to TDC NET to:
a)
waive any make-whole amount or net loss which would be payable to it in connection with a proposed
prepayment: and/or
b)
elect not to receive its pro rata proportion of the proposed prepayment.
Headlease Transfer Adjustment Right
If a compliance certificate for any period ending after completion of a Required Headlease Transfer shows or
would otherwise show that a Financial Ratio Event of Default has occurred, TDC NET may re-calculate the
applicable financial ratios on a pro forma basis to exclude the effects of the Required Headlease Transfer (the
“Headlease Transfer Adjustment Right”). Any such re-calculation of the applicable financial ratios shall be
set out in the relevant compliance certificate or a revised compliance certificate delivered on or prior to the date
falling twenty (20) Business Days after delivery of the relevant compliance certificate.
If after the relevant financial ratios are re-calculated the Financial Ratio Event of Default has been prevented or
cured, the relevant financial ratios shall be deemed to have been satisfied on the relevant Calculation Date as
though no Financial Ratio Event of Default had ever occurred and the related Financial Ratio Event of Default
shall be deemed not to have occurred.
The Headlease Transfer Adjustment Right may be exercised by TDC NET for the applicable Relevant Period
and the Relevant Periods ending on the next four (4) Calculation Dates (i.e., for a further period of up to
twenty-four (24) months).
If the Headlease Transfer Adjustment Right is exercised for more than six (6) months beyond the end of the
Relevant Period in which the Required Headlease Transfer occurs, TDC NET must (i) provide information
regarding appropriate remedial action and the timetable for implementation of such action and/or (ii) meet with
the Secured Creditor Representatives to discuss the ramifications of the Financial Ratio Event of Default and its
remedy, in each case, if requested by the Security Agent acting on the instructions of Secured Creditors
representing at least 20 per cent. of outstanding Senior Debt.
The Headlease Transfer Adjustment Right cannot cure a breach of the Trigger Event Ratio Levels.
109

--- Page 111 ---
A “Required Headlease Transfer” means any step-in or other transfer of the Skyline Leasing Portfolio (or any
part thereof) to TDC NET or any other member of the Security Group, which is made in circumstances where
such transfer, in the reasonable opinion of TDC NET, is required to ensure that TDC NET has continued access
to the Skyline Leasing Portfolio (or any part thereof) for purposes of carrying on Permitted Business.
15.1.1.6 Cash Management
TDC NET maintains the following bank accounts with the account bank:
a)
from a date no later than five Business Days prior to the date on which the first payment is required under
the Finance Documents to be made into such account, an account designated the “Defeasance Account”;
b)
from no later than immediately prior to the date of any utilisation of any Liquidity Facility, an account
designated a Liquidity Facility Standby Account in respect of each person that is a Liquidity Facility
Provider under the relevant Liquidity Facility;
c)
at the discretion of TDC NET, from no later than immediately prior to the date of any utilisation under an
Authorised Credit Facility, which is to be drawn to repay or prepay another Authorised Credit Facility, an
account designated the Financing Proceeds Account;
d)
if required, a Debt Service Reserve Account; and
e)
if required, an O&C Reserve Account.
f)
No amount may be credited to or debited from the above accounts other than as expressly provided in the
Common Terms Agreement and the STID.
g)
TDC NET and each Obligor must ensure that none of the above accounts goes into overdraft.
Defeasance Account
a)
TDC NET may at its discretion pay any Equity Cure Amounts into the defeasance account in accordance
with the Pro Rata Prepayment Mechanic (as defined below)
b)
Pending application, amounts credited to the defeasance account shall be held for the benefit of the
Authorised Credit Providers under the Authorised Credit Facility in respect of which the relevant amounts
were credited.
c)
TDC NET shall maintain appropriate entries in respect of the Defeasance Account and any amounts
credited to or debited from it which identify the Authorised Credit Facility in respect of which those debits
and credits are made. In the absence of manifest error such entries are conclusive evidence of the matters
to which they relate.
After an Acceleration of Liabilities, all amounts (if any) standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account shall
be applied by the Security Agent in repayment of the Secured Liabilities in respect of which such amount was
deposited into the Defeasance Account, until the amounts owed to the relevant Secured Creditor have been
reduced to zero.
Liquidity Facility Account
Allowing sufficient time for TDC NET to deliver any relevant notice of liquidity drawing under any Liquidity
Facility Agreement or to make a drawing from any Liquidity Facility Standby Account, as applicable, TDC
NET shall determine the anticipated liquidity shortfall amount in respect of that liquidity facility utilisation date
after taking into account the cash available to TDC NET to reduce any such shortfall arising on that liquidity
facility utilisation date.
The following provisions apply in relation to any drawings requested by TDC NET under a Liquidity Facility
Agreement prior to (i) termination of a Standstill Period (other than as specifically permitted in the Finance
Documents), (ii) the taking of any enforcement action by the Security Agent, or (iii) occurrence of an
acceleration of liabilities:
a)
if, after taking into account cash available to TDC NET to reduce any such shortfall arising on the next
liquidity facility utilisation date, there is a shortfall, not later than 10.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) on the
Business Day prior to the relevant utilisation date, TDC NET shall deliver a notice of liquidity drawing to
the Liquidity Facility Agent in accordance with the Liquidity Facility Agreement in respect of such
liquidity shortfall amount.
110

--- Page 112 ---
b)
At the time any notice of liquidity drawing is delivered by TDC NET to the Liquidity Facility Agent in
respect of a liquidity facility utilisation date, TDC NET shall notify the Security Agent and any relevant
administrative party of any applicable liquidity shortfall amount in respect of the relevant liquidity facility
utilisation date.
c)
On making the liquidity loan drawing, such amount shall immediately be credited to the relevant operating
account for application on the relevant liquidity facility utilisation date in accordance with the terms of the
relevant Authorised Credit Facilities.
Subject to the terms of the STID and any Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Obligors shall pay the proceeds of
any standby drawing into the liquidity facility standby account (the “Liquidity Facility Standby Account”)
with the relevant Liquidity Facility Provider unless such Standby Drawing is made as a result of a downgrade
of such Liquidity Facility Provider below the required minimum long term rating in which case the proceeds of
any Standby Drawing shall be paid into a Liquidity Facility Standby Account with the account bank.
O&C Reserve Account
TDC NET may not withdraw any monies from its O&C Reserve Account unless
a)
such withdrawal is for the purpose of funding a transfer to an operating account to enable TDC NET to
pay amounts properly incurred and due on that date in respect of operating expenditure and capital
expenditure requirements that cannot be met from existing balances in the operating accounts,
b)
such withdrawal is for the purpose of transferring into an operating account any interest income earned
from time to time on the O&C Reserve Account, and
c)
prior to making a withdrawal (other than under (a)), TDC NET delivers a certificate to the Security Agent
and the account bank certifying that, following such proposed withdrawal, the aggregate of all amounts
outstanding for the credit of the O&C Reserve Account and all amounts then available for drawing under
any O&C Reserve Facility are at least equal to the O&C Reserve Required Amount on the date of such
withdrawal.
Debt Service Reserve Account
TDC NET may not withdraw any monies from its debt service reserve account to be held by TDC NET with an
account bank (the “Debt Service Reserve Account”) unless:
a)
such withdrawal is for the purpose of funding a transfer to an operating account to enable TDC NET to
pay amounts properly incurred and due on that date in respect of Debt Service that cannot be met from
existing balances in the operating accounts,
b)
such withdrawal is for the purpose of transferring into an operating account any interest income earned
from time to time on the Debt Service Reserve Account, and
c)
prior to making a withdrawal (other than under a)), TDC NET delivers a certificate to the Security Agent
and the account bank certifying that, following such proposed withdrawal, the aggregate of all amounts
standing to the credit of the Debt Service Reserve Account and all amounts then available for drawing
under any DSR Liquidity Facility are at least equal to DSR Liquidity Required Amount on the date of
such withdrawal.
Cash Pooling
Each Obligor shall (and TDC NET shall procure that each other member of the Security Group will) ensure
that any netting and set off arrangements entered into by members of the Security Group in the ordinary course
of its banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debit and credit balances of operating account of
members of the Security Group shall only be netted in an account in the name of a member of the Security
Group and to the extent permitted by paragraph c) of the definition of “Permitted Security”.
Financing Proceeds Account
The proceeds of any Additional Financial Indebtedness which have been raised by TDC NET for the purpose
of refinancing any Authorised Credit Facility may, at TDC NET’s discretion, be credited to the Financing
Proceeds Account and held in it until such time as an Obligors elects apply such proceeds to prepay or repay
any Authorised Credit Facility.
111

--- Page 113 ---
15.2 STID
15.2.1 General
The intercreditor arrangements (the “Intercreditor Arrangements”) will be contained in the STID. The
Intercreditor Arrangements will bind each of the Authorised Credit Providers (including the Noteholders), the
Issuer, the Guarantor and each other entity that accedes to the STID as an Obligor.
The Authorised Credit Providers will include all providers of Senior Debt and subordinated debt that enter into
or accede to the STID. Any new Authorised Credit Provider to TDC NET (including any new Liquidity
Facility Provider) will be required to accede to the STID, the Common Terms Agreement and the Master
Definitions Agreement.
The STID also contains provisions restricting the rights of subordinated creditors.
The purpose of the Intercreditor Arrangements is to regulate, among other things (a) the claims of the Secured
Creditors; (b) the exercise, acceleration and enforcement of rights by the Secured Creditors; (c) the rights of the
Secured Creditors through their Secured Creditor Representatives to instruct the Security Agent (d) the
Entrenched Rights and the Reserved Matters of the Secured Creditors; and (e) the giving of consents and
waivers under and the making of modifications to the Common Terms Agreement, the Master Definitions
Agreement, the STID, the Transaction Security Documents, any account bank agreement and any other
agreement, instrument or deed designated by the Security Agent and TDC NET as a Common Document
(together the “Common Documents”).
Modifications, Consents and Waivers General
Subject to Entrenched Rights and Reserved Matters (which will always require the consent of, in the case of
Entrenched Rights, all the affected Secured Creditors (the “Affected Secured Creditors”) and, in the case of
Reserved Matters, only the relevant Secured Creditors) and Discretion Matters, the Security Agent will only
agree to making any modification to, giving any consent under or granting any waiver in respect of any
Common Documents (a “STID Proposal”) with the consent of, or if so instructed by, the relevant majority of
Qualifying Secured Creditors, provided that the relevant quorum requirement has been met.
TDC NET is entitled to provide the Security Agent with written notice requesting any STID Proposal. The
notice will certify whether such STID Proposal is a Discretion Matter, an Ordinary Voting Matter or an
Extraordinary Voting Matter or whether it gives rise to an Entrenched Right and stating the relevant decision
period. If the STID Proposal is in relation to a Discretion Matter, TDC NET must also provide a certificate
evidencing this status. If the STID Proposal is in relation to an Entrenched Right, TDC NET must include
information as to all the Affected Secured Creditors.
The Security Agent will, within five business days of receipt of a STID Proposal, send a request (a “STID
Voting Request”) in respect of any Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary Voting Matter or Entrenched Right
to each Secured Creditor (through its Secured Creditor Representative. If the STID Proposal gives rise to an
Entrenched Right, the STID Voting Request will contain a request that each relevant Affected Secured Creditor
confirm whether or not it wishes to consent to the relevant STID Proposal that would affect the Entrenched
Right (through its Secured Creditor Representative).
15.2.1.1 Types of Voting Categories
Ordinary Voting Matters
All matters which are not designated as Extraordinary Voting Matters, Discretion Matters or Entrenched Rights
are ordinary voting matters (“Ordinary Voting Matters”) (see “—Extraordinary Voting Matters” and
“—Discretion Matters” and “—Entrenched Rights” below).
Extraordinary Voting Matters
Extraordinary Matters are matters which:
a)
would change any Event of Default or any Trigger Event each in relation to non-payment, the making of
Restricted Payments or financial ratios;
b)
would relate to the waiver of any Event of Default or any Trigger Event each in relation to non-payment,
the making of Restricted Payments or financial ratios;
112

--- Page 114 ---
c)
would change or have the effect of changing the provisions of or relate to the waiver of the Additional
Financial Indebtedness conditions set out in the definition thereof contained herein;
d)
would change or have the effect of changing the DSR Liquidity Required Amount or the O&C Reserve
Required Amount and, to the extent that the passing of an extraordinary STID resolution on the matters
referred to in this paragraph d) necessitates an amendment to any Trigger Event, the amendment to that
Trigger Event shall be an Extraordinary Voting Matter;
e)
would bring forward the scheduled maturity date of any Financial Indebtedness following the occurrence
of a Trigger Event which is continuing;
f)
would change or have the effect of changing in any material respect any of the requirements set out in
“—Cash Management” which would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on a
Secured Creditor; and
g)
are required under the terms of the STID to be voted on pursuant to an Extraordinary STID Resolution in
accordance with the STID (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any decision to enforce the Transaction
Security Documents);
h)
would change (A) material definitions which relate to the key structural principles on which the voting
mechanics of the Extraordinary Voting Matters have been founded or (B) any of the matters constituting
Extraordinary Voting Matters;
i)
would materially change or have the effect of materially changing the definition of Permitted Business,
Permitted Core Business or Permitted Non-Core Business; and
j)
would release any of the Security unless equivalent replacement security is taken at the same time or
unless such release is permitted in accordance with the terms of the Common Documents.
Entrenched Rights
Entrenched Rights are rights that cannot be modified or waived in accordance with the STID without the
consent of the Affected Secured Creditor(s) and are matters which:
a)
would delay the date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the relevant Secured
Creditor’s debt or would reduce the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of such
debt;
b)
would bring forward the date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of a Secured Creditor’s
debt or would increase the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable on any date in respect of the
Secured Creditor’s debt;
c)
would have the effect of adversely changing any of the Standstill and Post-Enforcement Priority of
Payments or application thereof in respect of a Secured Creditor;
d)
would have the effect of adversely changing the application of any proceeds of enforcement of the
Transaction Security Documents;
e)
would deprive a Secured Creditor of its status as a Secured Creditor;
f)
would result in the exchange of the relevant Secured Creditor’s debt for, or the conversion of such debt
into, shares, notes or other obligations of any other person;
g)
would change or would relate to the currency of payment due under the relevant Secured Creditor’s debt;
h)
would change or would relate to any existing obligation of an Obligor to gross up any payment in respect
of the relevant Secured Creditor’s debt in the event of the imposition of withholding taxes;
i)
would change or would have the effect of changing (i) certain definitions in relation to voting (ii) the
decision period, quorum requirement or voting majority required in respect of any Ordinary Voting Matter,
Extraordinary Voting Matter, Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction Notice; any of the matters that give
rise to Entrenched Rights under the STID or the scope of the Entrenched Rights as set out in the STID; or
(iii) the manner in which Entrenched Rights or Reserved Matters may be exercised or the consequences of
exercising such Entrenched Rights or Reserved Matters;
j)
would change or have the effect of changing the Reserved Matters provision in the STID;
k)
would change or would have the effect of changing the percentages of the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of Qualifying Secured Liabilities required to terminate a standstill pursuant to the relevant
113

--- Page 115 ---
provision of the STID or would increase the periods of “12 months”, “180 days” or “60 days” referred to
in the standstill provision in the STID;
l)
would change or would have the effect of changing the governing law or the dispute resolution clauses of
any Common Document;
m)
would approve an assignment of the rights or a transfer of any obligations of an Obligor under any
Common Document (other than as contemplated in such Common Document);
n)
would have the effect of changing or would relate to, the rights of a Secured Creditor to receive any sums
owing to it for its own account in respect of fees, costs, charges, liabilities, taxes, damages, proceedings,
claims and demands in relation to, or its rights and obligations under, any finance document to which it is
a party;
o)
in respect of the lenders to the Initial Senior Term Facility A, Initial Senior Term Facility B and Revolving
Credit Facility, would have the effect of changing or would relate to certain provisions in the Initial Senior
Term Facility A, Initial Senior Term Facility B and Revolving Credit Facility, as applicable; and
p)
in respect of each Hedge Counterparty, would have the effect of changing or would relate to certain
definitions and provisions in the Common Documents relating to the Hedging Agreements.
Reserved Matters
Reserved Matters are matters which, subject to the STID and the Common Terms Agreement, a Secured
Creditor is free to exercise in accordance with its own debt instrument, including:
a)
to receive any sums owing to it for its own account in respect of premia, fees, costs, charges, liabilities,
damages, proceedings, claims and demands in relation to any Authorised Credit Facility to which it is a
party as permitted pursuant to the terms of the Common Terms Agreement;
b)
to make determinations of and require the making of payments due and payable to it under the provisions
of the Authorised Credit Facilities to which it is a party as permitted by the terms of the Common Terms
Agreement;
c)
to exercise the rights vested in it or permitted to be exercised by it under and pursuant to the terms of the
STID, the Common Terms Agreement and the other Finance Documents;
d)
to receive notices, certificates, communications or other documents or information under the Finance
Documents or otherwise, to direct that such notices, certificates, communications or other documents or
information shall be provided (or shall not be provided) to it or, where applicable, to determine the form
and content of any notice, certificate or communication;
e)
to assign its rights or transfer any of its rights and obligations under any Authorised Credit Facility to
which it is a party, subject to the provisions of the STID; and
f)
in the case of each Hedge Counterparty, (i) to terminate the relevant Hedging Agreement or any
transaction thereunder provided such termination is a Permitted Hedge Termination or, as may be agreed
with TDC NET, terminate the relevant Hedging Agreement or any transaction thereunder in whole or in
part and amend the terms of the Hedging Agreement to reflect such whole or partial termination or (ii) to
exercise rights permitted to be exercised by it under a Hedging Agreement.
Discretion Matters
The Security Agent may (but is not obliged to), as requested by TDC NET by way of a STID Proposal
designated by TDC NET as being in respect of a discretion matter (a “Discretion Matter”), in its sole
discretion concur with TDC NET and/or any other relevant party in making any modification to, giving any
consent under, or granting any waiver in respect of, any Common Document or any Authorised Credit Facility
to which the Security Agent is a party or over which it has the benefit of the Security (provided that, in the
case of any modification to, giving any consent under, or granting any waiver in respect of an Authorised
Credit Facility, each other party to that Authorised Credit Facility has consented to such modification, waiver
or consent or, where applicable, the relevant majority of any class of party to that Authorised Credit Facility
has so consented (and the Security Agent must consent to such modification, waiver or giving of consent under
114

--- Page 116 ---
that Authorised Credit Facility if it does not result in an increase in the obligations or liabilities of the Security
Agent)) if:
a)
in its opinion, it is required to correct a manifest error, or an error in respect of which an English court
could reasonably be expected to make a rectification order, or it is of a formal, minor, administrative or
technical nature; or
b)
such modification, consent or waiver is not in the opinion of the Security Agent, materially prejudicial
(where materially prejudicial means that such modification, consent or waiver would have a material
adverse effect on the ability of the Obligors to pay any amounts in respect of the Qualifying Secured
Liabilities owed to the relevant Secured Creditors on the relevant due date for payment thereof). The
Security Agent shall not consider any prejudice that any relevant Secured Creditor may suffer as a result
of such modification or waiver.
The Security Agent must not make or concur in making any modification to, give any consent under, or grant
any waiver in respect of, any Common Document to which it is a party if such modification, consent or waiver
if it:
a)
is an Ordinary Voting Matter, unless and until the provisions in the STID relating to Ordinary Voting
Matters have been complied with;
b)
is an Extraordinary Voting Matter, unless and until the provisions in the STID relating to Extraordinary
Voting Matters have been complied with;
c)
is an Entrenched Right, unless and until the consent of each Affected Secured Creditor (and, if the Issuer
is an Affected Secured Creditor, each affected Secured Creditor of the Issuer) has been obtained or
deemed to be obtained in accordance with the provisions in the STID; or
d)
is subject to an ongoing disagreement with regard to the determination of the voting category or the
application of Entrenched Rights.
Quorum Requirements
Pursuant to the terms of the STID, the decision period in respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter or an
Extraordinary Voting Matter (as applicable) is not less than 15 Business Days and the quorum requirement in
respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter or an Extraordinary Voting Matter (as applicable) is one or more
qualifying Secured Creditors representing in aggregate at least 20% of the outstanding principal amount of all
qualifying debt.
If the initial quorum requirement for an Ordinary Voting Matter or an Extraordinary Voting Matter (as
applicable) is not met by the Business Day immediately preceding the last day of the decision period, the
decision period will be extended by a further 10 Business Days and the quorum requirement will reduce to one
or more qualifying Secured Creditors representing in aggregate at least 10% of the outstanding principal
amount of all qualifying debt.
A resolution will be passed:
a)
for an Ordinary Voting Matter, by more than 50% of the participating Secured Creditors by reference to
the outstanding principal amount of the aggregate voted qualifying debt; and
b)
for an Extraordinary Voting Matter, by more than 66.67% of the participating Secured Creditors by
reference to the outstanding principal amount of the aggregate voted qualifying debt.
The Note Trustee will, in respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter and an Extraordinary Voting Matter (each a
“Voting Matter”) which is voted on by Noteholders, vote: (a) in an amount equal to the aggregate of the
outstanding principal amount under the Issuer/TDC NET loans corresponding to the series of Notes then owed
to Noteholders that voted for a proposed resolution within the decision period and (b) in an amount equal to the
aggregate outstanding principal amount under the Issuer/TDC NET loans corresponding to the series of
Notes then owed to Noteholders that voted against a proposed resolution within the decision period.
115

--- Page 117 ---
15.2.2
Transaction Security Documents
15.2.2.1 TDC NET Holding Transaction Security Documents
General
In connection with the First Drawdown, TDC NET Holding entered into the following Transaction Security
Documents:
a)
a Danish law share pledge agreement entered into between TDC NET Holding and the Security Agent
relating to a pledge of TDC NET Holding’s shares in TDC NET (the “TDC NET Share Pledge”);
b)
a Danish law bank account pledge agreement entered into between TDC NET Holding and the Security
Agent relating to a pledge of TDC NET Holding’s bank accounts (the “TDC NET Holding Bank
Account Pledge”);
c)
a Danish law intra-group loans assignment agreement entered into between TDC NET Holding and the
Security Agent relating to a security assignment of any loans from TDC NET Holding to TDC NET (the
“TDC NET Holding Intra-Group Loans Assignment”);
d)
a Danish law intra-group loans assignment agreement entered into between TDC NET Holding and the
Security Agent relating to a security assignment of any upstream loans from TDC NET Holding to TDC
Holding (the “TDC NET Holding Upstream Loans Assignment”); and
e)
a Danish law negative pledge (in Danish: pantsætningsforbud) registered in the Danish Register of Chattel
Mortgages (in Danish: Personbogen) in respect of TDC NET Holding.
TDC NET Share Pledge
Pursuant to the TDC NET Share Pledge, TDC NET Holding has, as security for the payment, discharge and
satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents,
pledged (in Danish: håndpantsat) with first priority to the Security Agent (for itself and as agent and
representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of the Secured Creditors) all its rights, title
and interest in and to the shares in TDC NET and certain related rights as further specified in the TDC
NET Share Pledge, including voting rights and rights to receive dividends in relation to such shares.
The TDC NET Share Pledge provides that, notwithstanding the pledge, TDC NET Holding is permitted to
receive and retain all dividends, distributions, interest and other payments (whether in cash or in kind) in
respect of the shares in TDC NET, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the contrary to TDC NET
Holding and TDC NET stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Share Pledge) has
occurred. The Security Agent has undertaken not to give such notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined
in the TDC NET Share Pledge) has occurred.
The TDC NET Share Pledge further provides that, notwithstanding the pledge, TDC NET Holding is permitted
to exercise (or refrain from exercising) all voting rights in relation to the shares and any other rights attached to
the shares, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the contrary to TDC NET Holding and TDC NET
stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Share Pledge) has occurred. The Security Agent
has undertaken not to give such notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Share Pledge)
has occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Share Pledge) and for so long as it
is continuing, the pledge shall become immediately enforceable and the Security Agent may in its absolute
discretion enforce all or any part of the pledge in any manner it sees fit, acting in accordance with the terms of
the TDC NET Share Pledge and the STID and applicable Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Share Pledge shall be made to the
Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
TDC NET Holding Bank Account Pledge
Pursuant to the TDC NET Holding Bank Account Pledge, TDC NET Holding has, as security for the payment,
discharge and satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of the
Finance Documents, pledged (in Danish: håndpantsat) with first priority to the Security Agent (for itself and as
agent and representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of the Secured Creditors) all its
rights, title and interest in and to its bank accounts and any and all amounts from time to time held therein or
standing to the credit thereof (including interest from time to time credited thereon). Notwithstanding the
116

--- Page 118 ---
foregoing, the pledge is subject to any prior security interest or similar rights in favour of the relevant account
bank which are created either by law or in the standard terms and conditions of the relevant account bank.
The TDC NET Holding Bank Account Pledge provides that, notwithstanding the pledge, TDC NET Holding is
permitted to exercise all rights and powers in respect of, and otherwise deal with, the bank accounts, including,
without limitation, making transfers and withdrawals from the bank accounts, granting mandates and/or powers
of attorney to authorise any person to operate the bank accounts, opening new bank accounts and/or closing
existing bank accounts to the extent permitted under the Common Terms Agreement, until the Security Agent
gives written notice to the contrary to the relevant account bank stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined
in the TDC NET Holding Bank Account Pledge) has occurred. The Security Agent has undertaken not to give
such notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Holding Bank Account Pledge) has
occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Holding Bank Account Pledge) and
for so long as it is continuing, the pledge shall become immediately enforceable and the Security Agent may in
its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of the pledge in any manner it sees fit, acting in accordance with
the terms of the TDC NET Holding Bank Account Pledge and the STID and applicable Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Holding Bank Account Pledge shall be
made to the Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
TDC NET Holding Intra-Group Loans Assignment
Pursuant to the TDC NET Holding Intra-Group Loans Assignment, TDC NET Holding has, as security for the
payment, discharge and satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of
the Finance Documents, assigned and transferred (in Danish: transporteret til sikkerhed) with first priority to
the Security Agent (for itself and as agent and representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf
of the Secured Creditors) all its rights, title and interest in and to any intercompany receivables owing to TDC
NET Holding from TDC NET.
The TDC NET Holding Intra-Group Loans Assignment provides that, notwithstanding the assignment, TDC
NET Holding is permitted to exercise all rights and powers in respect of, and otherwise deal with, the
intercompany receivables, including, without limitation, to receive payments on (also by way of set-off),
capitalise, compromise and/or forgive the intercompany receivables (in whole or in part) to the extent permitted
under the Common Terms Agreement and the STID, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the
contrary to TDC NET Holding and TDC NET stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET
Holding Intra-Group Loans Assignment) has occurred. The Security Agent has undertaken not to give such
notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Holding Intra-Group Loans Assignment) has
occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Holding Intra-Group Loans
Assignment) and for so long as it is continuing, the assignment shall become immediately enforceable and the
Security Agent may in its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of the assignment in any manner it sees fit,
acting in accordance with the terms of the TDC NET Holding Intra-Group Loans Assignment and the STID
and applicable Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Holding Intra-Group Loans Assignment
shall be made to the Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of
the STID.
TDC NET Holding Upstream Loans Assignment
Pursuant to the TDC NET Holding Upstream Loans Assignment, TDC NET Holding has, as security for the
payment, discharge and satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of
the Finance Documents, assigned and transferred (in Danish: transporteret til sikkerhed) with first priority to
the Security Agent (for itself and as agent and representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf
of the Secured Creditors) all its rights, title and interest in and to certain intercompany receivables owing to
TDC NET Holding from TDC Holding.
The TDC NET Holding Upstream Loans Assignment provides that, notwithstanding the assignment, TDC NET
Holding is permitted to exercise all rights and powers in respect of, and otherwise deal with, the intercompany
receivables, including, without limitation, to receive payments on (also by way of set-off), capitalise,
compromise and/or forgive the intercompany receivables (in whole or in part) to the extent permitted under the
Common Terms Agreement and the STID, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the contrary to TDC
117

--- Page 119 ---
NET Holding and TDC Holding stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Holding
Upstream Loans Assignment) has occurred. The Security Agent has undertaken not to give such notice unless
an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Holding Upstream Loans Assignment) has occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Holding Upstream Loans
Assignment) and for so long as it is continuing, the assignment shall become immediately enforceable and the
Security Agent may in its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of the assignment in any manner it sees fit,
acting in accordance with the terms of the TDC NET Holding Upstream Loans Assignment and the STID and
applicable Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Holding Upstream Loans Assignment
shall be made to the Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of
the STID.
15.2.2.2 TDC NET Transaction Security Documents
In connection with the First Drawdown, TDC NET entered into the following Transaction Security Documents:
a)
a Danish law share pledge agreement entered into between TDC NET and the Security Agent relating to a
pledge of TDC NET’s shares in Dansk Kabel TV A/S (the “DKTV Share Pledge”);
b)
a Danish law share pledge agreement entered into between TDC NET and the Security Agent relating to a
pledge of TDC NET’s shares in Fiberkysten A/S (the “Fiberkysten Share Pledge”);
c)
a Danish law bank account pledge agreement entered into between TDC NET and the Security Agent
relating to a pledge of TDC NET’s bank accounts (the “TDC NET Bank Account Pledge”);
d)
a Danish law intra-group loans assignment agreement entered into between TDC NET and the Security
Agent relating to a security assignment of any loans from TDC NET to any of its direct or indirect
subsidiaries (the “TDC NET Intra-Group Loans Assignment”);
e)
a Danish law intra-group loans assignment agreement entered into between TDC NET and the Security
Agent relating to a security assignment of any upstream loans from TDC NET to TDC NET Holding or
TDC Holding (the “TDC NET Upstream Loans Assignment”);
f)
a Danish law insurance policy proceeds assignment agreement entered into between TDC NET and the
Security Agent relating to a security assignment of TDC NET’s rights as co-insured under two material
insurance policies held by TDC Holding for the benefit of, among others, TDC NET (the “TDC NET
Insurance Policy Assignment”);
g)
a Danish law spectrum licenses assignment agreement entered into between TDC NET and the Security
Agent relating to a security assignment of TDC NET’s rights under its spectrum licenses (the “TDC NET
Spectrum Licenses Assignment”);
h)
a Danish law receivables floating charge agreement entered into between TDC NET and the Security
Agent relating to a receivables floating charge (in Danish: fordringspant), registered in the Danish Register
of Chattel Mortgages (in Danish: Personbogen) for an initial secured amount equal to the aggregate
amount of TDC NET’s outstanding trade receivables as at the end of 2020 (the “TDC NET Receivables
Floating Charge Agreement”);
i)
an English law security assignment of contractual rights under the Hedging Agreements entered into
between TDC NET and the Security Agent relating to an assignment of the Hedging Agreements (the
“TDC NET Hedging Assignment”);
j)
a Danish law negative pledge (in Danish: pantsætningsforbud) registered in the Danish Register of Chattel
Mortgages (in Danish: Personbogen) in respect of TDC NET; and
k)
Danish law negative pledges (in Danish: pantsætningsforbud) registered in the Danish Land Register (in
Danish: Tingbogen) in respect of certain properties owned by TDC NET.
DKTV Share Pledge
Pursuant to the DKTV Share Pledge, TDC NET has, as security for the payment, discharge and satisfaction in
full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, pledged (in
Danish: håndpantsat) with first priority to the Security Agent (for itself and as agent and representative (in
Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of the Secured Creditors) all its rights, title and interest in and
to its shares in Dansk Kabel TV A/S and certain related rights as further specified in the DKTV Share Pledge,
118

--- Page 120 ---
including voting rights and rights to receive dividends in relation to such shares. As of the date of this Base
Prospectus, TDC NET owns all of the shares in Dansk Kabel TV A/S and such shares are pledged pursuant to
the DKTV Share Pledge.
The DKTV Share Pledge provides that, notwithstanding the pledge, TDC NET is permitted to receive and
retain all dividends, distributions, interest and other payments (whether in cash or in kind) in respect of its
shares in Dansk Kabel TV A/S, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the contrary to TDC NET and
Dansk Kabel TV A/S stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the DKTV Share Pledge) has occurred.
The Security Agent has undertaken not to give such notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined in the
DKTV Share Pledge) has occurred.
The DKTV Share Pledge further provides that, notwithstanding the pledge, TDC NET is permitted to exercise
(or refrain from exercising) all voting rights in relation to its shares in Dansk Kabel TV A/S and any other
rights attached to the shares, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the contrary to TDC NET and
Dansk Kabel TV A/S stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the DKTV Share Pledge) has occurred.
The Security Agent has undertaken not to give such notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined in the
DKTV Share Pledge) has occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the DKTV Share Pledge) and for so long as it is
continuing, the pledge shall become immediately enforceable and the Security Agent may in its absolute
discretion enforce all or any part of the pledge in any manner it sees fit, acting in accordance with the terms of
the DKTV Share Pledge and the STID and applicable Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the DKTV Share Pledge shall be made to the Security
Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
Fiberkysten Share Pledge
Pursuant to the Fiberkysten Share Pledge, TDC NET has, as security for the payment, discharge and
satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents,
pledged (in Danish: håndpantsat) with first priority to the Security Agent (for itself and as agent and
representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of the Secured Creditors) all its rights, title
and interest in and to its shares in Fiberkysten A/S and certain related rights as further specified in the
Fiberkysten Share Pledge, including voting rights and rights to receive dividends in relation to such shares. As
of the date of this Base Prospectus, TDC NET owns 60% of the shares in Fiberkysten A/S and such shares are
pledged pursuant to the Fiberkysten Share Pledge.
The Fiberkysten Share Pledge provides that, notwithstanding the pledge, TDC NET is permitted to receive and
retain all dividends, distributions, interest and other payments (whether in cash or in kind) in respect of its
shares in Fiberkysten A/S, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the contrary to TDC NET and
Fiberkysten A/S stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the Fiberkysten Share Pledge) has occurred.
The Security Agent has undertaken not to give such notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined in the
Fiberkysten Share Pledge) has occurred.
The Fiberkysten Share Pledge further provides that, notwithstanding the pledge, TDC NET is permitted to
exercise (or refrain from exercising) all voting rights in relation to its shares in Fiberkysten A/S and any other
rights attached to the shares, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the contrary to TDC NET and
Fiberkysten A/S stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the Fiberkysten Share Pledge) has occurred.
The Security Agent has undertaken not to give such notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined in the
Fiberkysten Share Pledge) has occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the Fiberkysten Share Pledge) and for so long as
it is continuing, the pledge shall become immediately enforceable and the Security Agent may in its absolute
discretion enforce all or any part of the pledge in any manner it sees fit, acting in accordance with the terms of
the Fiberkysten Share Pledge and the STID and applicable Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the Fiberkysten Share Pledge shall be made to the
Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
TDC NET Bank Account Pledge
Pursuant to the TDC NET Bank Account Pledge, TDC NET has, as security for the payment, discharge and
satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents,
pledged (in Danish: håndpantsat) with first priority to the Security Agent (for itself and as agent and
119

--- Page 121 ---
representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of the Secured Creditors) all its rights, title
and interest in and to its bank accounts (except for any bank account maintained solely for purposes of
administering payments relating to the provision of facility management services in relation to the property
leasing portfolio of TDC Holding) and any and all amounts from time to time held therein or standing to the
credit thereof (including interest from time to time credited thereon). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the pledge
is subject to any prior security interest or similar rights in favour of the relevant account bank which are
created either by law or in the standard terms and conditions of the relevant account bank.
The TDC NET Bank Account Pledge provides that, notwithstanding the pledge, TDC NET is permitted to
exercise all rights and powers in respect of, and otherwise deal with, the bank accounts, including, without
limitation, making transfers and withdrawals from the bank accounts, granting mandates and/or powers of
attorney to authorise any person to operate the bank accounts, opening new bank accounts and/or closing
existing bank accounts to the extent permitted under the Common Terms Agreement, until the Security Agent
gives written notice to the contrary to the relevant account bank stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined
in the TDC NET Bank Account Pledge) has occurred. The Security Agent has undertaken not to give such
notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Bank Account Pledge) has occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Bank Account Pledge) and for so
long as it is continuing, the pledge shall become immediately enforceable and the Security Agent may in its
absolute discretion enforce all or any part of the pledge in any manner it sees fit, acting in accordance with the
terms of the TDC NET Bank Account Pledge and the STID and applicable Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Bank Account Pledge shall be made to
the Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
TDC NET Intra-Group Loans Assignment
Pursuant to the TDC NET Intra-Group Loans Assignment, TDC NET has, as security for the payment,
discharge and satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of the
Finance Documents, assigned and transferred (in Danish: transporteret til sikkerhed) with first priority to the
Security Agent (for itself and as agent and representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of
the Secured Creditors) all its rights, title and interest in and to any intercompany receivables owing to TDC
NET from its direct or indirect subsidiaries.
The TDC NET Intra-Group Loans Assignment provides that, notwithstanding the assignment, TDC NET is
permitted to exercise all rights and powers in respect of, and otherwise deal with, the intercompany receivables,
including, without limitation, to receive payments on (also by way of set-off), capitalise, compromise and/or
forgive the intercompany receivables (in whole or in part) to the extent permitted under the Common Terms
Agreement and the STID, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the contrary to TDC NET stating that
an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Intra-Group Loans Assignment) has occurred. The Security
Agent has undertaken not to give such notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Intra-
Group Loans Assignment) has occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Intra-Group Loans Assignment)
and for so long as it is continuing, the assignment shall become immediately enforceable and the Security
Agent may in its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of the assignment in any manner it sees fit, acting
in accordance with the terms of the TDC NET Intra-Group Loans Assignment and the STID and applicable
Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Intra-Group Loans Assignment shall be
made to the Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
TDC NET Upstream Loans Assignment
Pursuant to the TDC NET Upstream Loans Assignment, TDC NET has, as security for the payment, discharge
and satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of the Finance
Documents, assigned and transferred (in Danish: transporteret til sikkerhed) with first priority to the Security
Agent (for itself and as agent and representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of the
Secured Creditors) all its rights, title and interest in and to certain intercompany receivables owing to TDC
NET from TDC NET Holding or TDC Holding.
The TDC NET Upstream Loans Assignment provides that, notwithstanding the assignment, TDC NET is
permitted to exercise all rights and powers in respect of, and otherwise deal with, the intercompany receivables,
including, without limitation, to receive payments on (also by way of set-off), capitalise, compromise and/or
120

--- Page 122 ---
forgive the intercompany receivables (in whole or in part) to the extent permitted under the Common Terms
Agreement and the STID, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the contrary to TDC NET and TDC
NET Holding or TDC Holding (as applicable) stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET
Upstream Loans Assignment) has occurred. The Security Agent has undertaken not to give such notice unless
an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Upstream Loans Assignment) has occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Upstream Loans Assignment) and
for so long as it is continuing, the assignment shall become immediately enforceable and the Security Agent
may in its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of the assignment in any manner it sees fit, acting in
accordance with the terms of the TDC NET Upstream Loans Assignment and the STID and applicable
Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Upstream Loans Assignment shall be
made to the Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
TDC NET Insurance Policy Assignment
Pursuant to the TDC NET Insurance Assignment, TDC NET has, as security for the payment, discharge and
satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents,
assigned and transferred (in Danish: transporteret til sikkerhed) with first priority to the Security Agent (for
itself and as agent and representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of the Secured
Creditors) all its rights, title and interest in and to any receivables as co-insured under the following insurance
policies: (i) an insurance policy taken out by TDC Holding relating to technology liability and cyber insurance;
and (ii) an insurance policy taken out by TDC Holding relating to property insurance.
The TDC NET Insurance Policy Assignment provides that, notwithstanding the assignment, all payments to be
made to TDC NET by any insurer under any insurance policy (together the “Indemnification Amounts”) shall
be paid to TDC NET to such account as TDC NET may specify and TDC NET shall be freely entitled to deal
with such Indemnification Amounts, until the Security Agent gives written notice to the contrary to each
insurer (with a copy to TDC NET) stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Insurance
Policy Assignment) has occurred. Following such notice, all Indemnification Amounts shall be paid to the
Security Agent to such account as the Security Agent may specify. The Security Agent has undertaken not to
give such notice unless an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Insurance Policy Assignment) has
occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Insurance Policy Assignment) and
for so long as it is continuing, the assignment shall become immediately enforceable and the Security Agent
may in its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of the assignment in any manner it sees fit, acting in
accordance with the terms of the TDC NET Insurance Policy Assignment and the STID and applicable
Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Insurance Policy Assignment shall be
made to the Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
TDC NET Spectrum Licenses Assignment
Pursuant to the TDC NET Spectrum Licenses Assignment, TDC NET has, as security for the payment,
discharge and satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of the
Finance Documents, assigned and transferred (in Danish: transporteret til sikkerhed) with first priority to the
Security Agent (for itself and as agent and representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of
the Secured Creditors) all its rights in and to each present and future spectrum license issued by the Danish
Energy Agency (in Danish: Energistyrelsen) to TDC NET.
The TDC NET Spectrum Licenses Assignment provides that, notwithstanding the assignment, TDC NET is
permitted to exercise all rights and powers in respect of, and otherwise deal with, the spectrum licenses, to the
extent permitted under the Common Terms Agreement and the STID, until the Security Agent gives written
notice to the contrary to TDC NET stating that an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Spectrum
Licenses Assignment) has occurred. The Security Agent has undertaken not to give such notice unless an
Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Spectrum Licenses Assignment) has occurred.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Spectrum Licenses Assignment)
and for so long as it is continuing, the assignment shall become immediately enforceable and the Security
Agent may in its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of the assignment in any manner it sees fit, acting
121

--- Page 123 ---
in accordance with the terms of the TDC NET Spectrum Licenses Assignment and the STID and applicable
Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Spectrum Licenses Assignment shall be
made to the Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
The TDC NET Spectrum Licenses Assignment further provides that the assignment of spectrum licenses by
TDC NET thereunder is made in accordance with, and subject to, Section 21 of the Danish Frequency Act (in
Danish: frekvensloven) and the terms and conditions of each spectrum license subject to such assignment.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if there is any conflict between the terms of the TDC NET Spectrum
Licenses Assignment and Section 21 of the Danish Frequency Act (in Danish: frekvensloven) or the terms and
conditions of any spectrum license, Section 21 of the Danish Frequency Act (in Danish: frekvensloven) and the
terms and conditions of each spectrum license shall prevail.
TDC NET Receivables Floating Charge Agreement
Pursuant to the TDC NET Receivables Floating Charge Agreement, TDC NET grants in favour of the Security
Agent (for itself and as agent and representative (in Danish: fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of the
Secured Creditors) a first priority security interest in all of TDC NET’s rights, title and interest in and to the
Receivables Charge (as defined below) as security for the payment, discharge and satisfaction in full of the
Secured Liabilities when due in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
“Receivables Charge” means a first ranking receivables charge (in Danish: fordringspant) by way of a letter of
indemnity (in Danish: skadesløsbrev) over any receivables payable to TDC NET arising from the sale of goods
and services (in Danish: simple fordringer hidrørende fra salg af varer og tjenesteydelser) pursuant to
Section 47d of the Danish Registration of Property Act (in Danish: tinglysningsloven) which has been filed and
registered with the Danish Register of Chattel Mortgages (in Danish: Personbogen) with TDC NET as debtor
and the Security Agent as creditor for an initial secured amount of DKK 532,000,0000.
The TDC NET Receivables Floating Charge has been registered with an initial secured amount equal to the
aggregate amount of TDC NET’s outstanding trade receivables as at the end of 2020. The TDC NET
Receivables Floating Charge provides that TDC NET must increase the secured amount every five (5) years to
the extent that the aggregate amount of TDC NET’s outstanding trade receivables as of the end of the most
recent financial year has increased.
The TDC NET Receivables Floating Charge provides that, notwithstanding the charge, TDC NET is permitted
to dispose of the receivables subject to the charge in the ordinary course of business (in Danish: udskillelse
ifølge regelmæssig drift) or as otherwise permitted by the Finance Documents, without the prior written consent
of the Security Agent.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Receivables Floating Charge) and
for so long as it is continuing, the charge shall become immediately enforceable and the Security Agent may in
its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of the charge in any manner it sees fit, acting in accordance with
the terms of the TDC NET Receivables Floating Charge and the STID and applicable Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Receivables Floating Charge shall be
made to the Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
TDC NET Hedging Assignment
Pursuant to the TDC NET Hedging Assignment, TDC NET has assigned and agreed to assign absolutely to the
Security Agent with full title guarantee all of its rights, title and interest from time to time in and to the
Hedging Agreements and certain related rights as further specified in the TDC NET Hedging Assignment as
continuing security for the payment and discharge of all the Secured Liabilities.
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the TDC NET Hedging Assignment) and for so
long as it is continuing, the assignment shall become immediately enforceable and the Security Agent may in
its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of the assignment in any manner it sees fit, acting in accordance
with the terms of the TDC NET Hedging Assignment and the STID and applicable Danish law.
All payments to be made to the Secured Creditors under the TDC NET Hedging Assignment shall be made to
the Security Agent for distribution to the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the STID.
122

--- Page 124 ---
15.2.3 Hedging Arrangements
TDC NET may enter into Hedging Agreements for the purpose of limiting exposure to fluctuations in interest
rates and currencies in accordance with the hedging principles below (“Treasury Transactions”) and TDC
NET may execute forward-starting hedging arrangements to mitigate interest rate and currency exchange rate
risks associated with the incurrence (including expected future incurrence) of Relevant Debt.
The hedging policy also permits hedging entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Security Group
for non-speculative purposes, including hedging of exposures to interest rate, currency and inflation risk.
Treasury Transactions entered into by TDC NET and each other member of the Security Group for non-
speculative purposes for the purposes of hedging risks arising in the ordinary course of business may, at TDC
NET’s or each other member of the Security Group’s option, be entered into on: (a) an unsecured basis where
the counterparty does not accede to the STID; or (b) a secured basis (ranking pari passu with the Senior Debt)
provided that the Treasury Transactions are entered into pursuant to Hedging Agreements and the counterparty
is or accedes to the STID as a Hedge Counterparty. For the avoidance of doubt, the Hedging Policy will not
apply to any unsecured Treasury Transactions where the counterparty does not accede to the STID.
15.2.3.1 Interest Rate Hedging Principles
TDC NET is required to hedge exposure to interest rate risk such that, at any time, at least 80 per cent. of the
total Senior Debt drawn is either subject to a fixed rate of interest or benefits from interest rate hedging until
the end of a period of five (5) years.
The maximum amount of hedging that TDC NET can maintain is 115 per cent. of the total Senior Debt drawn
that is subject to interest rate volatility (after taking into account any offset effected by any offsetting
transactions and overlay transactions).
Notwithstanding the above, the interest rate hedging principles set out above shall not apply until 1 December
2022.
During the period from (and including) 1 October 2022 to (but excluding) 1 December 2022, TDC NET will
ensure that, on any day, an amount of Senior Debt at least equal to the total commitments under the Initial
Senior Term Facility A either bears a fixed rate of interest or is hedged into or capped at a fixed rate pursuant
to one or more interest rate hedging transactions having, when entered into, a term of no less than three
(3) years when calculated on a weighted average basis.
15.2.3.2 Currency Hedging Principles
TDC NET is required to hedge all currency risk in respect of any Senior Debt denominated in a currency other
than DKK or EUR.
15.2.3.3 Counterparty minimum hedging requirement:
TDC NET may only execute a Treasury Transaction with a Hedge Counterparty with a rating no lower than
BBB- from one of S&P or Fitch or Baa3 from Moody’s as at the trade date or whose obligations are
guaranteed by an institution meeting the requisite rating agency’s criteria with respect to such guarantees.
15.2.3.4 Ranking of Hedging Agreements
The interest rate and currency hedging rank pari passu with the Senior Debt (but junior to any amounts owing
in respect of any Liquidity Facility).
15.2.4 Other Finance Documents
15.2.4.1 Initial Senior Term Facility A
General and Purpose
On 31 January 2022, TDC NET has entered into an initial senior term facility (the “Initial Senior Term
Facility A”) which provides for borrowings up to an aggregate of EUR 1,500,000,000. Lenders under the
Initial Senior Term Facility A rank as Secured Creditors.
Initial Senior Term Facility A will be applied to repayment or prepayment of the existing indebtedness of TDC
Holding (including without limitation) related fees, costs and expenses, together with any prepayment
premiums and make-whole amounts and any hedging or other break costs of such refinancing), directly or
indirectly via: (i) repayment of Existing HoldCo Loans (in whole or in part); (ii) payment of distributions; and/
123

--- Page 125 ---
or (iii) grant of Permitted Upstream Loans and payment (directly or indirectly) of fees, commissions, costs
(including, without limitation, and hedge breakage costs), expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes incurred
in connection with the refinancing and the Finance Documents.
Interest Rate
Interest will accrue on any drawing made under the Initial Senior Term Facility A at a rate equal to the
aggregate of EURIBOR (subject to 0.00% floor) plus the applicable margin, which increases over time.
Security
The security and collateral given by TDC NET for its obligations under Initial Senior Term Facility A are
under the STID. Please see “—STID” above. Proceeds of enforcement of the security and collateral will be
used in discharge of the indebtedness under the Initial Senior Term Facility A owed by TDC NET in
accordance with the STID.
Mandatory Prepayment and Cancellation
If:
(1)
at any time prior to the expiration of the Availability Period (as defined in the Initial Senior Term Facility
A), TDC NET receives net cash proceeds (directly or indirectly) from the issuance of any Notes or private
placement notes (“Note Receipts”), TDC NET shall, immediately on receipt of such Note Receipts, apply
in prepayment of outstanding Loans and/or cancellation of available commitments an amount equal to
such Note Receipts less any such Note Receipts which have been or will be applied by TDC NET to
prepay outstanding Loans and/or cancel available commitments under the Initial Senior Term Facility B;
(2)
at any time after the expiration of the Availability Period if TDC NET receives Note Receipts, TDC NET
shall, immediately on receipt of such Note Receipts (except to the extent such Note Receipts are (or will
be) applied (directly or indirectly) towards the EMTN 2023 Refinancing), apply in prepayment of
outstanding Loans an amount equal to such Note Receipts less any such Note Receipts which have been or
will be applied by TDC NET to prepay outstanding Loans under (and as defined in) the Initial Senior
Term Facility B.
If a Change of Control occurs, TDC NET shall promptly notify the Initial STF A Agent upon becoming aware
of that event and the Initial STF A Agent shall promptly upon receipt of such notification notify the lenders of
the event. If a lender so requires and notifies the Initial STF A Agent within 25 days of TDC NET notifying the
Initial STF A Agent of the event, the Initial STF A Agent shall, by notice to TDC NET, cancel the commitment
of that lender and declare the participation of that lender in all outstanding utilisations, together with accrued
interest in relation thereto under the Initial STF A Facility immediately due and payable, whereupon the
commitment of that lender will be cancelled and all such outstanding amounts will become immediately due
and payable.
A lender must promptly notify the Initial STF A Agent, TDC NET and the Security Agent if it becomes aware
that a Relevant Event has occurred and such occurrence, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 20
Business Days and such occurrence would result in the relevant lender being in breach of any applicable
Sanctions, applicable regulations or policies or guidelines generally applied by such lender in relation to its
customers and thereby preclude such lender from performing any of its obligations under an Initial STF A
finance document.
TDC NET must promptly notify the Initial STF A Agent and the Security Agent if it becomes aware that a
Relevant Event has occurred and such occurrence, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 20 Business
Days, which notice shall include reasonable details of the Relevant Event (and such details shall not include
any information which would breach any law, regulation, stock exchange requirement or duty of
confidentiality). On receipt of any such notice from TDC NET, the Initial STF A Agent shall promptly
notify each lender of the same, and any lender may then notify the Initial STF A Agent, TDC NET and the
Security Agent within 20 Business Days of such notice from the Initial STF A Agent if such occurrence would
result in the relevant lender being in breach of any applicable Sanctions, applicable regulations or policies or
guidelines generally applied by such lender in relation to its customers and thereby preclude such lender from
performing any of its obligations under an Initial STF A finance document.
After notification by the lender that such occurrence would result in the relevant lender being in breach of any
applicable Sanctions, applicable regulations or policies or guidelines generally applied by such lender in
124

--- Page 126 ---
relation to its customers and thereby preclude such lender from performing any of its obligations under an
Initial STF A finance document:
(i)
such lender’s available commitment will be immediately cancelled (and the lender will not be obliged to
fund any further utilisation); and
(ii) TDC NET must repay or prepay the lender’s proportion of a utilisation (and any other amounts to be
repaid by TDC NET under Initial STF A Facility Agreement) on the date specified in accordance with
Initial STF A Facility Agreement.
A “Relevant Event” means, for the purposes of the Initial STF A Facility Agreement, Initial STF B Facility
Agreement, the Revolving Credit Facility, the Initial DSR Liquidity Facility and the Initial O&C Reserve
Facility, each of the following:
(i)
any member of the Security Group directly or, to the knowledge of any Obligor, indirectly, uses, lends,
contributes or otherwise makes available any part of the proceeds of any utilisation:
(a)
to finance any trade, business or other activities involving, or for the benefit of, a Designated
Person; or
(b)
otherwise in a manner that results in any relevant Finance Party for the purposes of the relevant
facility agreement being in breach of any applicable sanctions; or
(ii) any member of the Security Group directly or, to the knowledge of any Obligor, indirectly, funds all or
any part of a payment to a relevant Finance Party under the relevant facility agreement out of proceeds
derived from any business or transaction with a Designated Person or which would otherwise, to such
Obligor’s knowledge, result in a breach of applicable sanctions by a relevant Finance Party;
(iii) any member of the Security Group fails to implement and maintain appropriate policies and procedures
reasonably designed to prevent any action set out in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above being taken;
(iv) any member of the Security Group fails to take reasonable measures to ensure compliance with sanctions
and anti-terrorism laws;
(v)
any member of the Security Group directly or, to the knowledge of any Obligor, indirectly, uses any part
of the proceeds of the relevant facility for any purpose which would breach the Bribery Act 2010, the
United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or other similar legislation in other jurisdictions to
the extent applicable to it;
(vi) any member of the Security Group fails to:
(a)
conduct its businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws in all material respects; or
(b)
maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws;
(vii) any member of the Security Group fails to conduct its operations at all times in compliance with money
laundering laws in all material respects; or
(viii)any member of the Security Group or any of their directors is a Designated Person. Voluntary Prepayment
TDC NET may voluntarily prepay Initial Senior Term Facility A, at any time on three (3) Business Days’
notice without any premium or penalty. Prepayment notices shall be unconditional and irrevocable. In addition,
TDC NET may prepay and cancel the commitments of any defaulting lender or any lender that claims under
provisions relating to tax gross up, tax indemnity, increased costs or market disruption. TDC NET also has a
right of cancellation and repayment in relation to a single Authorised Credit Provider in the event of change in
tax position, market disruption, or such lender becoming a defaulting lender.
Governing Law
Initial Senior Term Facility A is governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with English law.
15.2.4.2 Initial Senior Term Facility B
General and Purpose
On 31 January 2022, TDC NET has entered into an initial senior term facility (the “Initial Senior Term
Facility B”) which provides for borrowings up to an aggregate of EUR 1,300,000,000. Lenders under the
Initial Senior Term Facility A rank as Secured Creditors.
125

--- Page 127 ---
Initial Senior Term Facility B will be applied to repayment or prepayment of the existing indebtedness of TDC
Holding (including without limitation) related fees, costs and expenses, together with any prepayment
premiums and make-whole amounts and any hedging or other break costs of such refinancing), directly or
indirectly via: (i) repayment of Existing HoldCo Loans (in whole or in part); (ii) payment of distributions; and/
or (iii) grant of Permitted Upstream Loans and payment (directly or indirectly) of fees, commissions, costs
(including, without limitation, and hedge breakage costs), expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes incurred
in connection with the refinancing and the Finance Documents.
Interest Rate
Interest will accrue on any drawing made under the Initial Senior Term Facility A at a rate equal to the
aggregate of EURIBOR (subject to 0.00% floor) plus the applicable margin, which increases over time.
Security
The security and collateral given by TDC NET for its obligations under Initial Senior Term Facility B are
under the STID. Please see “—STID” above. Proceeds of enforcement of the security and collateral will be
used in discharge of the indebtedness under the Initial Senior Term Facility B owed by TDC NET in
accordance with the STID.
Mandatory Prepayment and Cancellation
If:
(1)
at any time prior to the expiration of the Availability Period (as defined in the Initial Senior Term Facility
B), TDC NET receives net cash proceeds (directly or indirectly) from the issuance of any Notes or private
placement notes (“Note Receipts”), TDC NET shall, immediately on receipt of such Note Receipts, apply
in prepayment of outstanding Loans and/or cancellation of available commitments an amount equal to
such Note Receipts less any such Note Receipts which have been or will be applied by TDC NET to
prepay outstanding Loans and/or cancel available commitments under (and as defined in) the Initial Senior
Term Facility A;
(2)
at any time after the expiration of the Availability Period if TDC NET receives Note Receipts, TDC NET
shall, immediately on receipt of such Note Receipts (except to the extent such Note Receipts are (or will
be) applied (directly or indirectly) towards the EMTN 2023 Refinancing), apply in prepayment of
outstanding Loans an amount equal to such Note Receipts less any such Note Receipts which have been or
will be applied by TDC NET to prepay outstanding Loans under (and as defined in) the Initial Senior
Term Facility A.
If a Change of Control occurs, TDC NET shall promptly notify the Initial STF B Agent upon becoming aware
of that event and the Initial STF B Agent shall promptly upon receipt of such notification notify the lenders of
the event. If a lender so requires and notifies the Initial STF B Agent within 25 days of TDC NET notifying the
Initial STF B Agent of the event, the Initial STF B Agent shall, by notice to TDC NET, cancel the commitment
of that lender and declare the participation of that lender in all outstanding utilisations, together with accrued
interest in relation thereto under the Initial STF B Facility immediately due and payable, whereupon the
commitment of that lender will be cancelled and all such outstanding amounts will become immediately due
and payable.
A lender must promptly notify the Initial STF B Agent, TDC NET and the Security Agent if it becomes aware
that a Relevant Event has occurred and such occurrence, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 20
Business Days and such occurrence would result in the relevant lender being in breach of any applicable
Sanctions, applicable regulations or policies or guidelines generally applied by such lender in relation to its
customers and thereby preclude such lender from performing any of its obligations under an Initial STF B
finance document.
TDC NET must promptly notify the Initial STF B Agent and the Security Agent if it becomes aware that a
Relevant Event has occurred and such occurrence, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 20 Business
Days, which notice shall include reasonable details of the Relevant Event (and such details shall not include
any information which would breach any law, regulation, stock exchange requirement or duty of
confidentiality). On receipt of any such notice from TDC NET, the Initial STF B Agent shall promptly
notify each lender of the same, and any lender may then notify the Initial STF B Agent, TDC NET and the
Security Agent within 20 Business Days of such notice from the Initial STF B Agent if such occurrence would
result in the relevant lender being in breach of any applicable Sanctions, applicable regulations or policies or
126

--- Page 128 ---
guidelines generally applied by such lender in relation to its customers and thereby preclude such lender from
performing any of its obligations under an Initial STF B finance document.
After notification by the lender that such occurrence would result in the relevant lender being in breach of any
applicable Sanctions, applicable regulations or policies or guidelines generally applied by such lender in
relation to its customers and thereby preclude such lender from performing any of its obligations under an
Initial STF B Finance Document:
(i)
such lender’s available commitment will be immediately cancelled (and the lender will not be obliged to
fund any further utilisation); and
(ii) TDC NET must repay or prepay the Lender’s proportion of a utilisation (and any other amounts to be
repaid by TDC NET under the Initial Senior Term Facility B) on the date specified in accordance with
Initial STF B Facility.
Voluntary Prepayment
TDC NET may voluntarily prepay Initial Senior Term Facility B, at any time on three (3) Business Days’
notice without any premium or penalty. Prepayment notices shall be unconditional and irrevocable. In addition,
TDC NET may prepay and cancel the commitments of any defaulting lender or any lender that claims under
provisions relating to tax gross up, tax indemnity, increased costs or market disruption. TDC NET also has a
right of cancellation and repayment in relation to a single Authorised Credit Provider in the event of change in
tax position, market disruption, or such lender becoming a defaulting lender.
Governing Law
Initial Senior Term Facility B is governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with English law.
15.2.4.3 Revolving Credit Facility
General and Purpose
On 31 January 2022, TDC NET has entered into a revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”)
which provides for borrowings up to an aggregate of EUR 350,000,000. Lenders rank as Secured Creditors.
The Revolving Credit Facility will be applied to the general corporate and working capital purposes of the
Security Group, including (without limitation):
a)
Permitted Payments (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not Restricted Payments made pursuant to the
Restricted Payments test);
b)
Permitted Acquisitions;
c)
capital expenditure requirements (including, without limitation, payments under spectrum licenses);
d)
Payment of interest, fees, costs and expenses in relation to Financial Indebtedness; and
e)
The payment of any fees, costs and expenses in connection with the Finance Documents and/or the
transaction.
Interest Rate
The interest rate on the Revolving Credit Facility is the aggregate of (i) the benchmark rate (subject to 0.00%
floor) plus (ii) the margin.
Fees
TDC NET shall pay a commitment fee to each lender computed at a rate based on that lender’s available
commitment under the Revolving Credit Facility. TDC NET shall also pay a utilisation fee based on each
lender’s participation in the aggregate outstanding loans under the Revolving Credit Facility.
Security
The security and collateral given by TDC NET for its obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility is under
the STID. See “—STID” above.
127

--- Page 129 ---
Mandatory prepayment and Cancellation
If a Change of Control occurs, TDC NET shall promptly notify the Initial RCF Agent upon becoming aware of
that event and the Initial RCF Agent shall promptly upon receipt of such notification notify the lenders of the
event. If a lender so requires and notifies the Initial RCF Agent within 25 days of TDC NET notifying the
Initial RCF Agent of the event, the Initial RCF Agent shall, by notice to TDC NET, cancel the commitment of
that lender and declare the participation of that lender in all outstanding utilisations, together with accrued
interest in relation thereto under the Revolving Credit Facility finance documents immediately due and payable,
whereupon the commitment of that lender will be cancelled and all such outstanding amounts will become
immediately due and payable.
A lender must promptly notify the Initial RCF Agent, TDC NET and the Security Agent if it becomes aware
that a Relevant Event has occurred and such occurrence, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within
20 Business Days and such occurrence would result in the relevant lender being in breach of any applicable
Sanctions, applicable regulations or policies or guidelines generally applied by such lender in relation to its
customers and thereby preclude such lender from performing any of its obligations under a Revolving Credit
Facility finance document.
TDC NET must promptly notify the Initial RCF Agent and the Security Agent if it becomes aware that a
Relevant Event has occurred and such occurrence, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 20 Business
Days, which notice shall include reasonable details of the Relevant Event (and such details shall not include
any information which would breach any law, regulation, stock exchange requirement or duty of
confidentiality). On receipt of any such notice from TDC NET, the Initial RCF Agent shall promptly notify
each lender of the same, and any lender may then notify the Initial RCF Agent, TDC NET and the Security
Agent within 20 Business Days of such notice from the Initial RCF Agent if such occurrence would result in
the relevant lender being in breach of any applicable Sanctions, applicable regulations or policies or guidelines
generally applied by such lender in relation to its customers and thereby preclude such lender from performing
any of its obligations under a Revolving Credit Facility finance document.
After notification by the lender that such occurrence would result in the relevant lender being in breach of any
applicable Sanctions, applicable regulations or policies or guidelines generally applied by such lender in
relation to its customers and thereby preclude such lender from performing any of its obligations under a
Revolving Credit Facility finance document:
(i)
such lender’s available commitment will be immediately cancelled (and the lender will not be obliged to
fund any further utilisation); and
(ii) TDC NET must repay or prepay the lender’s proportion of a utilisation (and any other amounts to be
repaid by TDC NET under the Revolving Credit Facility) on the date specified in accordance with the
Revolving Credit Facility.
Representations, Covenants and Events of Default
The representations, negative and affirmative covenants, financial covenants and events of default given in
favour of the Authorised Credit Providers by TDC NET are set out in the Common Terms Agreement. Please
see “—Common Terms Agreement” above.
Governing Law
The Revolving Credit Facility is governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with English law.
15.2.4.4 Initial DSR Liquidity Facility
General and Purpose
On 31 January 2022, TDC NET has entered into an initial debt service reserve liquidity facility (the “DSR
Liquidity Facility”) which provides for borrowings up to an aggregate of EUR 100,000,000. Lenders rank as
Secured Creditors.
The DSR Liquidity Facility will be applied to the purposes outlined in “—Common Terms Agreement” above
including payment of scheduled interest, scheduled hedging payments or certain other payments ranking in
priority to or pari passu with such scheduled interest payments (and for the avoidance of doubt excluding any
principal repayments) in respect of the Senior Debt.
128

--- Page 130 ---
Interest Rate
The interest rate on the DSR Liquidity Facility is the aggregate of (i) the benchmark rate (subject to
0.00% floor) plus (ii) the margin.
Fees
TDC NET shall pay a commitment fee to each lender computed at a rate based on that lender’s available
commitment under the DSR Liquidity Facility. TDC NET shall also pay a drawing fee to each lender based on
their proportion of the liquidity loans drawn under the DSR Liquidity Facility.
Security
The security and collateral given by TDC NET for its obligations under the DSR Liquidity Facility is under the
Security Deed. See “—STID” above.
Cancellation and Illegality
A lender under the Liquidity Facility must notify the DSR Liquidity Facility Agent, the Security Agent and
TDC NET if it becomes aware that:
(i)
it is unlawful in any jurisdiction for such lender under the DSR Liquidity Facility Provider to perform any
of its obligations under an LF Finance Document or to fund or maintain any drawing; or
(ii) one of the following:
a)
a Relevant Event has occurred and such occurrence, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within
20 Business Days; or
b)
any representation made under paragraph 24 (Sanctions, Anti- Corruption and Anti-Terrorism Laws)
of Schedule 1 (Security Group Representations) to the Common Terms Agreement is untrue, and such
misrepresentation, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 20 Business Days, and
such occurrence or misrepresentation (as the case may be) would result in the relevant lender under the
DSR Liquidity Facility being in breach of any applicable sanctions or applicable regulations and thereby
preclude such lender under the DSR Liquidity Facility from performing any of its obligations under an
LF Finance Document.
After notification under the circumstances specified above:
(i)
such lender under the DSR Liquidity Facility’s available commitment will be immediately cancelled (and
the lender under the DSR Liquidity Facility will not be obliged to fund any further drawings); and
(ii) TDC NET must repay or prepay the lender under the DSR Liquidity Facility’s proportion of the drawings
(and any other amounts to be repaid by TDC NET under the DSR Liquidity Facility) on the date specified
in DSR Liquidity Facility.
Representations, Covenants and Events of Default
The representations, negative and affirmative covenants, financial covenants and events of default given in
favour of the Authorised Credit Providers by TDC NET are set out in the Common Terms Agreement. Please
see “—Common Terms Agreement” above.
Events of Default
The DSR Liquidity Facility provides for customary events of default for this type of agreement, which are
subject to customary materiality and grace periods, including: (i) non-payment by TDC NET of any sum due
from it under the DSR Liquidity Facility; (ii) insolvency event in respect of TDC NET; (iii) an Acceleration of
Liabilities or the termination of a standstill period or the taking of Enforcement Action in respect of the Senior
Debt; and (iv) at any time it is or becomes unlawful for TDC NET to perform or comply with any or all of its
obligations under the DSR Liquidity Facility or, subject to certain legal reservations, any of the obligations of
TDC NET under the DSR Liquidity Facility are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable.
Governing Law
The DSR Liquidity Facility is governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with English law.
129

--- Page 131 ---
15.2.4.5 Initial O&C Reserve Facility
General and Purpose
On 31 January 2022, TDC NET has entered into an initial debt service reserve liquidity facility (the “O&C
Reserve Facility”) which provides for borrowings up to an aggregate of EUR 75,000,000. Lenders under the
O&C Reserve Facility rank as Secured Creditors.
The O&C Reserve Facility will be applied to the purposes outlined in “—Common Terms Agreement” above
including operating expenditure and capital expenditure of the Security Group.
Interest Rate
The interest rate on the O&C Reserve Facility is the aggregate of (i) the benchmark rate (subject to
0.00% floor) plus (ii) the margin.
Fees
TDC NET shall pay a commitment fee to each lender computed at a rate based on that lender’s available
commitment under the O&C Reserve Facility. TDC NET shall also pay a drawing fee to each lender based on
their proportion of the liquidity loans drawn under the O&C Reserve Facility.
Security
The security and collateral given by TDC NET for its obligations under the O&C Reserve Facility is under the
STID. See “—STID” above.
Cancellation and Illegality
A O&C Reserve Facility Provider must notify the O&C Reserve Facility Agent, the Security Agent and TDC
NET if it becomes aware that:
(i)
it is unlawful in any jurisdiction for such O&C Reserve Facility Provider to perform any of its obligations
under an LF Finance Document or to fund or maintain any drawing; or
(ii) one of the following:
a)
a Relevant Event has occurred and such occurrence, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within
20 Business Days; or
b)
any representation made under paragraph 24 (Sanctions, Anti- Corruption and Anti-Terrorism Laws)
of Schedule 1 (Security Group Representations) to the Common Terms Agreement is untrue, and such
misrepresentation, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 20 Business Days, and
such occurrence or misrepresentation (as the case may be) would result in the relevant O&C Reserve
Facility Provider being in breach of any applicable sanctions or applicable regulations and thereby
preclude such O&C Reserve Facility Provider from performing any of its obligations under an LF Finance
Document.
After notification under the circumstances described above:
(i)
such lender under the O&C Reserve Facility’s available commitment will be immediately cancelled (and
the O&C Reserve Facility Provider will not be obliged to fund any further drawings); and
(ii) TDC NET must repay or prepay the O&C Reserve Facility Provider’s Proportion of the drawings (and any
other amounts to be repaid by TDC NET under the O&C Reserve Facility) on the date specified in the
O&C Reserve Facility.
Representations, Covenants and Events of Default
The representations, negative and affirmative covenants, financial covenants and events of default given in
favour of the Authorised Credit Providers by TDC NET are set out in the Common Terms Agreement. Please
see “—Common Terms Agreement” above.
Events of Default
The O&C Reserve Facility provides for customary events of default for this type of agreement, which are
subject to customary materiality and grace periods, including: (i) non-payment by TDC NET of any sum due
130

--- Page 132 ---
from it under the O&C Reserve Facility; (ii) insolvency event in respect of TDC NET; (iii) an Acceleration of
Liabilities or the termination of a standstill period or the taking of Enforcement Action in respect of the Senior
Debt; and (iv) at any time it is or becomes unlawful for TDC NET to perform or comply with any or all of its
obligations under the O&C Reserve Facility or, subject to certain legal reservations, any of the obligations of
TDC NET under the O&C Reserve Facility are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable.
Governing Law
The O&C Reserve Facility is governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with English law.
15.2.4.6 General Definitions
“Acceleration of Liabilities” or “Acceleration” means an acceleration of any Secured Liabilities or
termination of a commitment (or equivalent action) including:
a)
the early termination of any hedging obligations (whether by reason of an event of default, termination
event or other right of early termination) under a Hedging Agreement; or
b)
the taking of any other steps to recover any payment due in respect of any Secured Liabilities, which have
matured for repayment and are overdue, by a Secured Creditor or Secured Creditors or any Secured
Creditor on their behalf pursuant to the terms of the applicable Finance Document and in accordance with
the STID.
“Acceptable Bank” means:
a)
a bank or financial institution which has a rating for its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt
obligations of A- or higher by one of S&P and Fitch or A3 or higher by Moody’s or a comparable rating
from an internationally recognised credit rating agency; or
b)
any other bank or financial institution approved by the Security Agent acting in accordance with the STID.
“Additional Financial Indebtedness” means Financial Indebtedness incurred by TDC NET after the Closing
Date which is not otherwise Permitted Financial Indebtedness provided that:
a)
the creditors of such Financial Indebtedness are party to, or accede to, the Common Terms Agreement and
the STID;
b)
such Financial Indebtedness ranks pari passu in all respects with all other Senior Debt and the creditors of
such Financial Indebtedness do not benefit from any Security, guarantees or other credit support from any
Obligor
other
than
pursuant
to
the
Transaction
Security
Documents
and
the
Common
Terms
Agreement; and
c)
TDC NET provides a certificate, upon which the Security Agent shall be entitled to rely absolutely
without incurring any liability in respect thereof, to the Security Agent at the time of incurring (or
obtaining a binding commitment for) such Additional Financial Indebtedness confirming that:
a.
no Event of Default is continuing or would occur as a result of the utilisation in full of the Additional
Financial Indebtedness;
b.
TDC NET will be in compliance with the hedging policy taking into account the incurrence of such
Additional Financial Indebtedness; and
c.
(save where the Financial Indebtedness is being incurred as part of an EMTN Refinancing or in order
to refinance existing Senior Debt) the financial ratio tests described in “—General Covenants” have
been satisfied.
“Agreed Security Principles” means the agreed security principles which are set out in the STID (see
“—STID” above)
“Authorised Credit Facilities” means the authorised credit facilities described in “—Other Finance
Documents”, including the Initial Senior Term Facility A, the Term Facility B and the Revolving Credit
Facility, and any credit agreement entered into by an Obligor and any other agreement under which TDC NET
incurs any Financial Indebtedness with one or more persons as permitted by the terms of the Common Terms
Agreement, the providers of which are parties to or have acceded to the relevant Finance Documents.
“Authorised Credit Provider” means a lender or other provider of credit or financial accommodation under
any Authorised Credit Facility.
131

--- Page 133 ---
“Car Sub-Leasing” means any sub-leases from time to time entered into between TDC Holding as lessor and
TDC NET as lessee in relation to sub-leasing of cars and other vehicles leased by TDC Holding from third
parties (each as amended from time to time).
“Cash Equivalent Investments” means at any time:
a)
certificates of deposit maturing within one (1) year after the relevant date of calculation and issued by an
Acceptable Bank;
b)
any investment in marketable debt obligations issued or guaranteed by any government of:
a.
the United States of America;
b.
the United Kingdom;
c.
Denmark; or
d.
any member state of the European Economic Area and/or any Participating Member State provided
that it has a credit rating of AA or higher by one of S&P and Fitch or Aa2 or higher by Moody’s or a
comparable rating from an internationally recognised credit rating agency,
or by an instrumentality or agency of any such government having an equivalent credit rating, maturing
within one (1) year after the relevant date of calculation and not convertible or exchangeable to any other
security;
c)
commercial paper not convertible or exchangeable to any other security:
a.
for which a recognised trading market exists;
b.
issued by an issuer incorporated in:
i.
the United States of America;
ii.
the United Kingdom;
iii.
Denmark; or
iv.
any member state of the European Economic Area and/or any Participating Member State
provided that it has a credit rating of AA or higher by one of S&P and Fitch or Aa2 or higher by
Moody’s or a comparable rating from an internationally recognised credit rating agency;
c.
which matures within one (1) year after the relevant date of calculation; and
d.
which has a credit rating of or higher than either P-2 by Moody’s, A-2 by S&P or F-2 by Fitch, or, if
no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has, in respect of its
long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating;
d)
any investment in Danish mortgage bonds (in Danish: realkreditobligationer), Danish covered bonds (in
Danish: særligt dækkede obligationer) and Danish covered mortgage bonds (in Danish: særligt dækkede
realkreditobligationer) which (i) matures within two (2) years after the relevant date of calculation; and
(ii) which has a credit rating of AA or higher by one of S&P and Fitch or Aa2 or higher by Moody’s or a
comparable rating from an internationally recognised credit rating agency;
e)
any investment in money market funds which (i) have a credit rating of or higher than either P-2 by
Moody’s, A-2 by S&P or F-2 by Fitch; (ii) which invest substantially all their assets in securities of the
types described in paragraphs a) to d) (inclusive) above; and (iii) can be turned into cash on not more than
thirty (30) days’ notice; or
f)
any other debt security approved by the Security Agent acting in accordance with the STID,
in each case, denominated in DKK, EUR, USD or GBP and to which any Obligor is alone (or together with
any other Obligor) beneficially entitled at that time and which is not issued or guaranteed by any member of
the Security Group or subject to any Security unless that Security is Transaction Security or is permitted
pursuant to paragraph m) of the definition of “Permitted Security”.
“Change of Control” means any person or group of persons acting in concert, in each case other than one or
more initial investors, become the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 per cent. of the total
voting power of the voting shares of TDC NET.
“Closing Date” means the date of first utilisation under the Authorised Credit Facilities.
132

--- Page 134 ---
“Danish Joint Taxation” means joint taxation pursuant to the laws of Denmark.
“Danish Joint Taxation Administration Company” means the administration company for purposes of the
Danish Joint Taxation (being, at the Closing Date, DKT Holdings ApS).
“Danish Joint Taxation Agreement” means the administration agreement for TDC Group jointly taxed
companies entered into between the Danish Joint Taxation Administration Company and each member of the
Danish Joint Taxation Group.
“Danish Joint Taxation Group” means (a) each member of the Security Group incorporated in Denmark and
the Issuer; (b) each Holding Company of TDC NET Holding incorporated in Denmark; and (c) each Subsidiary
of each Holding Company of TDC NET Holding incorporated in Denmark.
“Danish Joint Taxation Liabilities” means:
a)
any liability of any member of the Danish Joint Taxation Group (other than the Danish Joint Taxation
Administration Company) to pay or distribute (directly or indirectly) any amount to the Danish Joint
Taxation Administration Company to enable the Danish Joint Taxation Administration Company to make
payments to the Danish tax authorities in respect of Taxes payable in relation to Danish Joint Taxation;
b)
any liabilities between members of the Danish Joint Taxation Group relating to Danish Joint Taxation,
including (without limitation) any liability to pay or distribute any amounts for the utilisation of tax losses
of a member of the Danish Joint Taxation Group to the Danish Joint Taxation Administration Company
and/or to another member of the Danish Joint Taxation Group;
c)
any liability of the Danish Joint Taxation Administration Company to make payments to the Danish tax
authorities in respect of Taxes payable in relation to Danish Joint Taxation; and
d)
any liability (including (without limitation) joint and several liability) of any member of the Danish Joint
Taxation Group in respect of Taxes owed to the Danish tax authorities by the Danish Joint Taxation
Administration Company or any other member of the Danish Joint Taxation Group.
“Danish Joint VAT” means the joint VAT registration of the Danish Joint VAT Group with the Danish tax
authorities.
“Danish Joint VAT End Date” means 1 January 2023.
“Danish Joint VAT Group” means TDC Holding and each Subsidiary of TDC Holding.
“Danish Joint VAT Liabilities” means any liability (including (without limitation) joint and several liability)
of any member of the Danish Joint VAT Group in respect of VAT or payroll tax (in Danish: lønsumsafgift)
owed to the Danish tax authorities by any other member of the Danish Joint VAT Group, but excluding any
such liabilities created after the Danish Joint VAT End Date.
“EMTN 2022” means the EUR 500,000,000 5.00 per cent. senior notes due 2 March 2022 issued by TDC
Holding under its euro medium term note programme.
“EMTN 2023” means the GBP 425,000,000 6.875 per cent. senior notes due 23 February 2023 issued by TDC
Holding under its euro medium term note programme.
“EMTN” means the EMTN 2022 or the EMTN 2023.
“EMTN 2022 Refinancing” means the contemplated refinancing of the EMTN 2022 (including any related
Permitted Upstream Loan) as set out in the STID. See “—STID” above.
“EMTN 2023 Refinancing” means the contemplated refinancing of the EMTN 2023 (including any related
Permitted Upstream Loan).
“EMTN Refinancing” means the EMTN 2022 Refinancing or the EMTN 2023 Refinancing.
“Enforcement Action” means:
a)
demanding payment of any Secured Liabilities;
b)
accelerating any of the Secured Liabilities or otherwise declaring any Secured Liabilities prematurely due
and payable or payable on demand or the premature termination or close-out of any Secured Liabilities
under a Hedging Agreement (other than such a close out on a voluntary basis which would not result in a
breach of the Common Terms Agreement or the STID or a Permitted Hedge Termination);
c)
enforcing any Secured Liabilities by attachment, set-off, execution, diligence, arrestment or otherwise;
133

--- Page 135 ---
d)
crystallising, or requiring the Security Agent to crystallise, any floating charge in the Transaction Security
Documents;
e)
enforcing, or requiring the Security Agent to enforce, any Transaction Security;
f)
initiating or supporting or taking any action or step with a view to:
g)
any insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, winding up, judicial composition or dissolution
proceedings or any analogous proceedings in relation to any Obligor in any jurisdiction;
h)
any voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or assignment for the benefit of creditors; or
i)
any similar proceedings involving any Obligor whether by petition, convening a meeting, voting for a
resolution or otherwise;
j)
initiating or supporting or taking any action or step with a view to any administration or receivership or
any analogous proceedings in relation to any Obligor in any jurisdiction;
k)
bringing or joining any legal proceedings against any Obligor (or any of its Subsidiaries) to recover any
Secured Liabilities;
l)
exercising any right to require any insurance proceeds to be applied in reinstatement of any asset subject
to any Transaction Security; or
m)
otherwise exercising any other remedy for the recovery of any Secured Liabilities or the preservation of
any Secured Property.
“Entrenched Rights” has the meaning ascribed to it in “—Entrenched Rights” above.
“Existing Financing” means:
a)
certain senior secured term loan and revolving credit facilities borrowed by TDC Holding and guaranteed
and secured by, among others, TDC NET; and
b)
certain senior secured hedging arrangements entered into by TDC Holding and DK Telekommunikation
ApS and guaranteed and secured by, among others, TDC NET,
in each case to be refinanced on or prior to the Closing Date.
“Existing Holdco Loans” means certain loans made available by TDC Holding to TDC NET pursuant to an
intra-group loan agreement as amended and restated on 26 January 2022.
“Existing Joint Venture” means:
a)
OCH A/S; and
b)
Sikringsvagten A/S.
“Existing Property Sub-Leases” means the sub-leases entered into prior to the Closing Date, between TDC
Holding as lessor and TDC NET as lessee in relation to part of the Property Leasing Portfolio (including, but
not limited to, part of the Skyline Leasing Portfolio) (each as amended from time to time).
“Finance Document” means:
a)
the Common Terms Agreement;
b)
the STID;
c)
each Transaction Security Document
d)
each Hedging Agreement;
e)
each agreement or document that has been entered into in connection with the issuance of any series of
Notes;
f)
each document relating to privately placed notes;
g)
each authorised credit facilities agreement;
h)
each spectrum guarantee facility agreement;
i)
each account bank agreement;
j)
each Liquidity Facility Agreement; and
134

--- Page 136 ---
k)
other ancillary documents (fee letters, etc.).
“Finance Lease” means any lease which would, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, be
treated as a finance or capital lease (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such finance or capital lease
arising pursuant to any sale and leaseback transaction), but shall exclude any operating lease entered into at any
time which is subsequently treated as a finance or capital lease as a result of any change to the treatment of
such leases under the relevant accounting principles after the date on which it is entered into.
“Finance Party” means any person providing credit pursuant to a Finance Document or any other credit
facility permitted to be entered into under the terms of the Finance Documents, including all arrangers, security
agents, agents, representatives and trustees appointed in connection with any such Finance Documents or credit
facilities and any Hedge Counterparty.
“Financial Indebtedness” means (without double counting) any indebtedness for or in respect of:
a)
monies borrowed and debit balances at banks or other financial institutions (calculated net of applicable
credit balances where such monies are borrowed by a member of the Security Group as part of netting
arrangements with a financial institution);
b)
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or bill discounting facility (or
dematerialised equivalent);
c)
any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds (but not Trade Instruments), notes, debentures, loan stock
or any similar instrument;
d)
the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance Lease;
e)
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse
basis and meet any requirements for de-recognition under the relevant accounting principles);
f)
any termination amount due and unpaid from any member of the Security Group in respect of any
Treasury Transaction that has terminated (but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any Treasury
Transaction that has not terminated);
g)
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit
or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability (but
not, in any case, Trade Instruments) of an entity other than a member of the Security Group, which
liability would fall within one or more of the other paragraphs of this definition;
h)
any amount raised by the issue of shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of the issuer)
before the final maturity date (or are otherwise classified as borrowings under the relevant accounting
principles);
i)
any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, in relation to purchase of spectrum license) if:
a.
one of the primary reasons behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or to finance the
acquisition or construction of the assets or services in question; or
b.
the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than 250 days
after the date of supply (save where (A) the payment deferral results from non or delayed satisfaction
of the contract terms by the relevant supplier or from contract terms establishing payment schedule
tied to the total or partial completion of the contract and/or to the results of operational testing
procedures; (B) such agreement has been concluded on arm’s length terms and not treated as a
borrowing under the relevant accounting principles; or (C) the payment deferral is being contested in
good faith by the relevant member of the Security Group);
j)
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase, sale and sale back
or sale and leaseback agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise classified as
borrowings under the relevant accounting principles (excluding Trade Instruments); and
k)
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs a) to
j) (inclusive) above,
but excluding, in all cases:
a)
any
contingent
liabilities
arising
under
Section
254(2)
of
the
Danish
Companies
Act
(in
Danish: selskabsloven) (except for any outstanding claim made against a member of the Security
135

--- Page 137 ---
Group under that Section to the extent such claim remains outstanding and save for any such claim that is
being contested in good faith by the relevant member of the Security Group);
b)
any Danish Joint Taxation Liabilities (except for any such liabilities of the Security Group relating to
Taxes attributable to the Security Group to the extent such liabilities would otherwise fall within the
definition of “Financial Indebtedness”); and
c)
any Danish Joint VAT Liabilities (except for any such liabilities of the Security Group relating to VAT
attributable to the Security Group to the extent such liabilities would otherwise fall within the definition of
“Financial Indebtedness”).
“Financial Year” means the annual accounting period of the Security Group ending on or about 31 December
in each year.
“Hedge Counterparty” means any entity which becomes a party as a hedge counterparty to a Hedging
Agreement and accedes as a hedge counterparty to the Common Terms Agreement and the STID.
“Hedging Agreement” means each ISDA Master Agreement entered into by TDC NET and a Hedge
Counterparty in accordance with the hedging policy as set out in the Common Terms Agreement (in the form
in effect at the time each relevant hedging transaction is entered into) and which governs the Hedging
Transactions between such parties, and such term includes the schedule to the relevant ISDA Master Agreement
and the confirmations evidencing the hedging transactions entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement.
“Hedging Transaction” means any treasury transaction in connection with Relevant Debt (including any pre-
hedge for expected future debt which would be regarded as Relevant Debt if incurred (irrespective of whether
such future debt is incurred)) or Existing Holdco Loans, or any other treasury transaction governed by a
Hedging Agreement and entered into with TDC NET in accordance with the Hedging Policy.
“Holding Company” means, in relation to a person, any other person in respect of which it is a Subsidiary.
“Independent” means any director on the board of directors of TDC NET which satisfies the following
requirements:
a)
the director does not have, and has not previously had, any executive or non-executive role in any Related
Entity (except for being a director of TDC Holding where such role is, or has been, terminated with effect
from no later than 1 January 2022 and provided that the director satisfies the requirements in
paragraphs b) and c) below);
b)
the director does not have, and has not previously had, any executive or non-executive role in any
Significant Shareholder; and
c)
the director is not an employee of, or elected by the employees of, the Security Group.
“Initial Liquidity Facilities” means DSR Liquidity Facility and the O&C Reserve Facility.
“Initial STF A Agent” means HSBC Bank plc as facility agent under the Revolving Credit Facility.
“Initial STF A Agent” means HSBC Bank plc as facility agent under the Initial Senior Term Facility A.
“Initial STF B Agent” means HSBC Bank plc as facility agent under the Initial Senior Term Facility B.
“Investor Entity” means TDC Holding, any Affiliate of TDC Holding (other than a member of the Security
Group) and any Significant Shareholder.
“Joint Venture” means any joint venture entity, whether a company, unincorporated firm, undertaking,
association, joint venture or partnership or any other entity where TDC NET does not own (directly or
indirectly) more than 50 per cent. of the shares or other ownership interests in the relevant entity.
“Legal Reservations” means:
a)
the principle that equitable remedies (or analogous remedies in any relevant jurisdiction) may be granted
or refused at the discretion of a court and the limitation of enforcement by laws relating to insolvency,
bankruptcy (in Danish: konkurs), reconstruction (in Danish: rekonstruktion), reorganisation and other laws
generally affecting the rights of creditors and/or secured creditors;
b)
the time barring of claims under applicable statutes of limitation, the possibility that an undertaking to
assume liability for or indemnify a person against non-payment of stamp duty may be void and defences
of set-off or counterclaim;
c)
similar principles, rights and defences under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction;
136

--- Page 138 ---
d)
the principles of private and procedural laws of Denmark which affect the enforcement of a judgement by
the courts of England or other foreign court judgment;
e)
the principle that certain rights and remedies (including, but not limited to, in relation to the creation or
enforcement of Security or other rights and remedies providing control or significant influence) in relation
to regulated entities or entities that are subject to laws relating to screening of foreign investments, etc. by
reason of national security, public order or similar (including, but not limited to, entities within critical
infrastructure) may require the prior consent or other approval from governmental, regulatory or similar
bodies in Denmark or any other relevant jurisdiction; and
f)
any other matters which are set out as qualifications or reservations as to matters of law of general
application in any legal opinion delivered to the Security Agent under the Finance Documents.
“Liquidity Facility” means a DSR Liquidity Facility or an O&C Reserve Facility.
“Liquidity Facility Agreement” means each of the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreements and each other
liquidity facility agreement the terms of which shall require that the relevant liquidity facility provider(s) has/
have at least the minimum long term rating and which shall be substantially in the form of the relevant Initial
Liquidity Facility Agreement having regard to the then customary market practice for such liquidity facilities
and the then applicable rating agency criteria.
“Liquidity Facility Amount” means, at any time, the aggregate of the available commitments at that time.
“Liquidity Facility Providers” means the providers DSR Liquidity Facility and the O&C Reserve Facility, and
any bank or financial institution which has become a party to any Liquidity Facility Agreement and which in
each case has not ceased to be a party in accordance with the terms of such Liquidity Facility Agreement.
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on:
a)
the consolidated business, assets or financial condition of the Security Group (in each case taken as a
whole) (but for this purpose, an event or series of events which is likely to affect the ability of TDC NET
to comply with financial ratios shall not, for that reason alone, be a Material Adverse Effect);
b)
the ability of TDC NET to perform its payment obligations under the Finance Documents; or
c)
subject to the Legal Reservations and the Perfection Requirements, the validity or enforceability of any
Finance Document or the Security granted pursuant to any of the Transaction Security Documents (each
taken as a whole) and, in each case, if capable of remedy, which has not been remedied within fifteen
(15) Business Days of the earlier of (i) the Security Agent giving notice to TDC NET or the relevant
Obligor; or (ii) TDC NET or the relevant Obligor becoming aware of the adverse effect.
“Material Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of TDC NET which has earnings before interest, tax, depreciation
and amortisation (consolidated where that Subsidiary itself has Subsidiaries) calculated on the same basis as
EBITDA representing 5 per cent. or more of the EBITDA of the Security Group.
“Minority Shareholder” means, in relation to any non-wholly owned Subsidiary of TDC NET, any third party
minority shareholder of such Subsidiary.
“Net Loss” has the meaning as agreed between the holders of privately-placed notes and TDC NET.
“New Shareholder Injections” means the aggregate amount subscribed for by any person (other than a
member of the Security Group) for ordinary shares in TDC NET Holding or preference shares of TDC NET
Holding not carrying redemption or cash pay coupon rights or other cash pay elements or which are lent by any
such person to an Obligor by way of Subordinated Debt in each case after the Closing Date.
“Notes” means any bond, note or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on
any stock exchange or in any securities market, other than privately placed notes, which may be issued by TDC
NET or any entity deemed to be an Issuer in accordance with the Master Definitions Agreement.
“Obligor” means each of TDC NET, TDC NET Holding and any member of the Security Group wishing or
required to become an obligor who accedes in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement and the STID.
“Parallel Obligations” means the independent obligations of any of the Obligors arising pursuant to the STID
to pay to the Security Agent sums equal to the sums owed by such Obligor to the other Secured Creditors (or
any of them) under the Finance Documents.
“Participating Member State” means a member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the
euro as its lawful currency under the legislation of the European Union for European Monetary Union.
137

--- Page 139 ---
“Perfection Requirements” means any and all registrations, filings, notices and other actions and steps
required to be made in any jurisdiction in order to perfect security created by the Transaction Security
Documents or in order to achieve the relevant priority for such Security.
“Permitted Acquisition” means:
a)
an acquisition by a member of the Security Group of an asset sold, leased, transferred or otherwise
disposed of by another member of the Security Group in circumstances constituting a Permitted Disposal;
b)
an acquisition of shares or securities pursuant to a Permitted Share Issue;
c)
an acquisition of securities which are Cash Equivalent Investments made on arm’s length terms provided
that if such investments are held by an Obligor, Transaction Security exists or is granted over those Cash
Equivalent Investments (in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles);
d)
the incorporation of a limited liability company or the purchase of shares in an off-the-shelf limited
liability company, but only if that company is incorporated in Denmark and provided that, if such
company is a Material Subsidiary, subject to the Agreed Security Principles, (A) Transaction Security is
granted over the shares in such company and (B) such company accedes to the Finance Documents as a
Guarantor, in each case, within thirty (30) days of the incorporation or purchase;
e)
an investment in a Permitted Joint Venture where such investment is permitted by the definition of
“Permitted Joint Venture”;
f)
an acquisition of Real Property made in the ordinary course of business and on arm’s length terms and for
bona fide commercial purposes of the Permitted Business;
g)
an acquisition pursuant to a Permitted Transaction;
h)
an acquisition of any Senior Debt pursuant to a debt buyback, which is otherwise permitted under the
Finance Documents;
i)
an acquisition by a member of the Security Group of (A) all or part of the shares of a limited liability
company or (B) any business or undertaking provided that:
a.
the acquired company, business or undertaking is incorporated or established, and carries on its
principal business and operations, in Denmark;
b.
the principal business of the acquired company, business or undertaking falls within the definition of
“Permitted Business”;
c.
in the case of an acquisition of a limited liability company, more than 50 per cent. of the voting share
capital of such company (and in any event a controlling stake) is acquired;
d.
the acquired company, business or undertaking has, to TDC NET’s knowledge (having made due
enquiry), no material contingent liabilities unless such contingent liabilities are either (A) reflected in
the purchase price on a reasonable and appropriate basis or as indemnified by the relevant vendor;
(B) not liabilities in respect of which recourse may be had to any Obligor or any of its assets
(excluding such acquired company, business or undertaking and/or its assets); (C) insured against in
full by a reputable insurer with a rating of at least BBB- from one of S&P or Fitch or Baa3 from
Moody’s; (D) liabilities in respect of which the relevant members of the Security Group have been
indemnified in full; (E) liabilities that do not exceed EUR 25,000,000 (indexed) in aggregate; or (F)
liabilities where adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with the relevant accounting
principles;
e.
the Security Group Share of the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
(calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) of the acquired company, business or undertaking for the
most recent Financial Year ending prior to the acquisition, when aggregated with the Security Group
Share of the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the same basis
as EBITDA) of any other company, business or undertaking acquired by any member of the Security
Group during the most recent three (3) Financial Years prior to the acquisition (other than pursuant to
another paragraph of this definition or a Permitted Joint Venture) for the most recent Financial Year
prior to the acquisition of such other company, business or undertaking, shall not exceed 5 per cent.
of the sum of the consolidated EBITDA of the Security Group for the most recent three (3) Financial
Years, except to the extent funded from New Shareholder Injections, Subordinated Debt or amounts
which would, at the relevant time, otherwise be available for TDC NET to make a Restricted
Payment (but has not so been paid) subject to satisfaction of the Restricted Payments test;
138

--- Page 140 ---
f.
other than in respect of any acquisition funded from New Shareholder Injections or Subordinated
Debt:
i.
the Trigger Event Ratio Levels were not breached for the Relevant Period ending on (and
including) the immediately preceding Calculation Date; and
ii.
no other Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing unless such acquisition has been
contractually committed to prior to the occurrence of such Trigger Event;
g.
TDC NET has certified to the Security Agent that such acquisition will not cause any of the Trigger
Event Ratio Levels to be breached for a period of twelve (12) months commencing on (but
excluding) the immediately preceding Calculation Date calculated on a pro forma basis:
i.
to take into account (without double-counting) the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and
amortisation (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) from (1) the company, business or
undertaking which is the subject of the acquisition; (2) any company, business or undertaking
acquired on or following such Calculation Date to the date of the pro forma calculation; and
(3) any company, business or undertaking for which as at the date of the pro forma calculation a
member of the Security Group is subject to a binding obligation to acquire on or following the
pro forma calculation date to the end of such period, in each case from the start of the Relevant
Period;
ii.
to exclude (without double-counting) the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and
amortisation (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) from (1) any company, business or
undertaking disposed of since such Calculation Date to the date of the pro forma calculation; and
(2) any company, business or undertaking for which as the date of the pro forma calculation a
member of the Security Group is subject to a binding obligation to dispose of on or following
the pro forma calculation date to the end of such period of, in each case for the entire Relevant
Period; and
iii.
for the avoidance of doubt, Senior Debt incurred or projected to be incurred in connection with
any acquisition referred to in paragraph a) above; and
h.
in the case of an acquisition of a limited liability company, if such company is a Material Subsidiary,
subject to the Agreed Security Principles, (A) Transaction Security is granted over the shares acquired
by the relevant member of the Security Group in such company; and (B) such company accedes to
the Finance Documents as a Guarantor, in each case, within thirty (30) days of such company being
acquired; and
j)
any other acquisition made with the prior written consent of the Security Agent acting in accordance
with the STID.
“Permitted Business” means the Permitted Core Business or the Permitted Non-Core Business (as relevant).
“Permitted Core Business” means:
a)
the business of being a Danish national provider of communications infrastructure, networks and spectrum
(including (without limitation) the provision, ownership, operation, maintenance, acquisition, development
and/or upgrade of coax, cobber, fibre and mobile networks and spectrum) and, in each case, the provision
of all facilities, products and services for or connected therewith;
b)
any business in Denmark or any other jurisdiction, which is complementary to the business described in
paragraph a) above (including (without limitation) the provision of construction and other services to third
party providers of communications infrastructure, networks and spectrum);
c)
any business provided by a member of the Security Group to one or more other members of the Security
Group as of the Closing Date or the provision of any services to members of the Security Group which are
provided by third parties as of the Closing Date; and
d)
any other business approved or consented to by the Security Agent acting in accordance with the STID,
provided that (i) the activities set out in paragraph a) above shall constitute the principal business carried on
by the Security Group; and (ii) for any Relevant Period in respect of which it is calculated, (A) the aggregate
earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA)
attributable to the activities set out in paragraph b) above shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the consolidated
EBITDA of the Security Group for that Relevant Period; and (B) the aggregate earnings before interest, tax,
depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) attributable to all business of the
139

--- Page 141 ---
Security Group in any jurisdiction other than Denmark shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the consolidated
EBITDA of the Security Group for that Relevant Period.
“Permitted Disposal” means any sale, lease, licence, transfer or other disposal:
a)
of any asset (other than any shares, business or undertaking) made by any member of the Security Group
in the ordinary course of business of the disposing entity;
b)
of any asset by any member of the Security Group (the “Disposing Company”) to another member of the
Security Group (the “Acquiring Company”), but only if:
a.
the Disposing Company had given Transaction Security over the asset, the Acquiring Company must
give equivalent Transaction Security over that asset (in accordance with the Agreed Security
Principles); and
b.
the Disposing Company is a Guarantor, either (A) the Acquiring Company must be, or within thirty
(30) days of such disposal become, a Guarantor (in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles);
or (B) the higher of the book value and net consideration receivable for all such disposals by the
Guarantor to members of the Security Group that are not a Guarantor shall not exceed
EUR 10,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) in any Financial Year;
c)
of assets in exchange for other assets comparable or superior as to type, value and quality;
d)
of obsolete, redundant, worn-out, surplus, damaged or destroyed assets;
e)
of Cash Equivalent Investments for cash or in exchange for other Cash Equivalent Investments;
f)
constituted by a licence of intellectual property rights;
g)
to a Permitted Joint Venture to the extent such disposal is permitted by the definition of “Permitted Joint
Venture”;
h)
arising as a result of any Permitted Security, any Permitted Loan, any Permitted Share Issue, any Permitted
Payment, any Restricted Payment (subject to satisfaction of the Restricted Payments test) or any Permitted
Transaction;
i)
of assets which are seized or nationalised provided that such seizure or nationalisation does not have a
Material Adverse Effect;
j)
required by law, regulation or any order of a governmental entity provided that this does not have a
Material Adverse Effect;
k)
constituting a conversion of an intra-Security Group loan into share capital of, or a capital contribution to,
the borrower of such a loan;
l)
constituting a lease or sub-lease of Real Property, including (without limitation) as contemplated by
paragraph a) of the definition of “Permitted Non-Core Business”, or the outright disposal of Real Property
which is not required for the Permitted Business;
m)
of cash not otherwise prohibited under the Finance Documents;
n)
of any Senior Debt not otherwise prohibited under the Finance Documents; and
o)
of any assets made in connection with an arm’s length transaction entered into for bona fide commercial
purposes of the Permitted Business provided that:
a.
the Security Group Share of the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
(calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) of the disposed assets for the most recent Financial Year
ending prior to the disposal, when aggregated with the Security Group Share of the earnings before
interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) of any other
disposals made by a member of the Security Group during the most recent three (3) Financial Years
prior to the disposal (other than pursuant to another paragraph of this definition or a Permitted Joint
Venture) for the most recent Financial Year prior to such other disposal, shall not exceed 5 per cent.
of the consolidated EBITDA of the Security Group for the most recent three (3) Financial Years;
b.
the Trigger Event Ratio Levels were not breached for the Relevant Period ending on (and including)
the immediately preceding Calculation Date;
c.
no other Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing unless such disposal has been contractually
committed to prior to the occurrence of such Trigger Event; and
140

--- Page 142 ---
d.
TDC NET has certified to the Security Agent that such disposal will not cause any of the Trigger
Event Financial Ratio Levels to be breached for a period of twelve (12) months commencing on (but
excluding) the immediately preceding Calculation Date calculated on a pro forma basis:
i.
to take into account (without double-counting) the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and
amortisation (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) from (I) any asset acquired on or
following such test date to the date of the pro forma calculation and (II) any asset for which at
the date of the pro forma calculation a member of the Security Group is subject to a binding
obligation to acquire on or following the pro forma calculation date to the end of such period, in
each case from the start of the Relevant Period; or
ii.
to exclude (without double-counting) the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and
amortisation (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) from (I) the asset which is the subject of
the disposal, (II) any asset disposed of since such Calculation Date to the date of the pro forma
calculation and (III) any asset for which as the date of the pro forma calculation a member of the
Security Group is subject to a binding obligation to dispose of on or following the pro forma
calculation date to the end of such period, in each case for the entire Relevant Period; and
iii.
for the avoidance of doubt, Senior Debt prepaid or projected to be prepaid in connection with
any disposal referred to in (A) above; and
p)
of any asset, with the prior written consent of the Security Agent acting in accordance with the STID.
“Permitted Finance Leases” means:
a)
the Existing Property Sub-Leases and/or any other Finance Leases of real estate provided that the
aggregate capital value of all such Finance Leases of any member of the Security Group does not exceed
EUR 300,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time;
b)
the Skyline Leasing Portfolio as contemplated by paragraph a) of the definition of “Permitted Non-Core
Business”;
c)
any Finance Leases of mobile masts, towers or equipment provided that the aggregate capital value of all
such Finance Leases of any member of the Security Group does not exceed EUR 200,000,000
(indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time; and
d)
any Finance Leases not otherwise permitted pursuant to paragraphs a) to c) above provided that the
aggregate capital value of all such items so leased under outstanding Finance Leases by any member of
the Security Group does not exceed EUR 30,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) at
any time.
“Permitted Financial Indebtedness” means Financial Indebtedness:
a)
arising under the Finance Documents (including (without limitation) by way of Additional Financial
Indebtedness subject to as set out in the definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness”);
b)
arising under a Permitted Loan or under or in respect of a Permitted Guarantee or in connection with a
Permitted Joint Venture;
c)
incurred under a Treasury Transaction which is in accordance with the hedging policy as set out in
“—Hedging Arrangements” above;
d)
incurred by a member of the Security Group pursuant to or in connection with any cash pooling
arrangements in place with other members of the Security Group and with an Acceptable Bank to the
extent that debit balances are offset by credit balances;
e)
arising from any counter-indemnity obligation owed by any member of the Security Group (the
“guaranteed party”) in respect of any Permitted Guarantee given by another member of the Security Group
in respect of the obligations of the guaranteed party;
f)
constituting Subordinated Debt (including, without limitation, by way of New Shareholder Injections);
g)
under Permitted Finance Leases;
h)
to the extent covered by a letter of credit, bond, guarantee, indemnity, documentary credit or similar
instrument made or issued under an ancillary facility and including (without limitation) any indemnity
therefor;
141

--- Page 143 ---
i)
of any person acquired by a member of the Security Group after the Closing Date which is incurred under
arrangements in existence as of the date of acquisition, but not incurred or increased or (other than by
waiver of any change of control or similar provision) having its maturity date extended in contemplation
of or since that acquisition and outstanding only for a period of three (3) months following the date of
acquisition;
j)
not permitted by the preceding paragraphs or as a Permitted Transaction and the outstanding principal
amount of which does not exceed in aggregate EUR 50,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other
currencies) at any time; and
k)
entered into with the prior written consent of the Security Agent acting in accordance with the STID.
“Permitted Guarantee” means:
a)
the endorsement of negotiable instruments in the ordinary course of trade;
b)
any guarantee arising by operation of law, including (without limitation) under Section 254(2) of the
Danish Companies Act (in Danish: selskabsloven);
c)
any guarantee issued by a member of the Security Group in favour of financial institutions which have
guaranteed its obligations (not including Financial Indebtedness) or obligations (not including Financial
Indebtedness) of other members of the Security Group under transactions which those other members of
the Security Group have entered into in the ordinary course of business;
d)
any guarantee issued by a member of the Security Group guaranteeing performance by another member of
the Security Group of any obligation arising in the ordinary course of business of the Security Group and
is not in respect of Financial Indebtedness, including (without limitation) any performance or similar bond
guaranteeing performance by a member of the Security Group;
e)
any guarantee issued:
a.
by an Obligor in respect of Permitted Financial Indebtedness of another Obligor;
b.
by a member of the Security Group that is not an Obligor in respect of Permitted Financial
Indebtedness of another member of the Security Group; or
c.
by an Obligor in respect of Permitted Financial Indebtedness of a member of the Security Group that
is not an Obligor provided that the aggregate principal amount of all guarantees made under this sub-
paragraph (iii) does not exceed EUR 20,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) at
any time;
f)
any obligation undertaken by TDC NET prior to the Closing Date to make an investment in, or loan to,
Fiberkysten A/S in order to maintain or assist the ability of Fiberkysten A/S to meet its indebtedness;
g)
any guarantee given in respect of the liabilities of a Permitted Joint Venture to the extent such guarantee is
permitted under the definition of “Permitted Joint Venture”;
h)
any guarantee given in respect of the netting or set-off arrangements permitted pursuant to paragraph c) of
the definition of “Permitted Security”;
i)
any guarantee given by a person acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition and existing at the time of
that Permitted Acquisition provided that such guarantee is discharged within three (3) months of the
Permitted Acquisition completing;
j)
any guarantee of a Treasury Transaction which is permitted by the hedging policy as set out in “—Hedging
Arrangements” below;
k)
any guarantee given by a member of the Security Group to a landlord in its capacity as such in the
ordinary course of business;
l)
any indemnity given in the ordinary course of the documentation of an acquisition or disposal transaction
which is a Permitted Acquisition or a Permitted Disposal which indemnity is in a customary form and
subject to customary limitations;
m)
any counter-guarantee or indemnity in relation to guarantees issued in respect of Financial Indebtedness of
any member of the Security Group by a bank, insurance company or financial institution up to a maximum
aggregate amount of EUR 10,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time;
142

--- Page 144 ---
n)
any counter-guarantee in relation to any Existing Holdco Guarantee (as specified in the Master Definitions
Agreement) or any Skyline Holdco Guarantee;
o)
until the Closing Date, arising under the Existing Financing;
p)
any guarantee not permitted by the preceding paragraphs or as a Permitted Transaction provided that the
total aggregate amount permitted under this paragraph o) may not exceed in aggregate EUR 10,000,000
(indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time; and
q)
any guarantee entered into with the prior written consent of the Security Agent acting in accordance with
the STID.
“Permitted Hedge Termination” means the termination of a hedging transaction permitted in accordance with
the hedging policy set out in the Common Terms Agreement.
“Permitted Joint Venture” means:
a)
any investment in an Existing Joint Venture made (i) on or prior to the Closing Date or (ii) after the
Closing Date pursuant to an agreement existing at the Closing Date;
b)
any Joint Venture where:
a.
the Joint Venture is incorporated, or established, and carries on its principal business in Denmark;
b.
the Joint Venture is engaged in a business or activities which fall within the definition of “Permitted
Business”; and
c.
the aggregate (the “Joint Venture Investment”) of:
i.
all amounts subscribed for shares in, lent to, or invested in all such Joint Ventures by any
member of the Security Group;
ii.
the contingent liabilities of any member of the Security Group under any guarantee given in
respect of the liabilities of any such Joint Venture; and
iii.
the book value of any assets transferred by any member of the Security Group to any such Joint
Venture,
does not in any Financial Year exceed EUR 75,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies)
except to the extent funded from any New Shareholder Injections, Subordinated Debt or amounts which
would, at the relevant time, otherwise be available for TDC NET to make a Restricted Payment (but has
not so been paid) subject to satisfaction of the Restricted Payments test; and
c)
any other investment in a Joint Venture made with the prior written consent of the Security Agent acting
in accordance with the STID.
“Permitted Loan” means:
a)
any trade credit extended by a member of the Security Group to its customers or business partners
(including tenants) on normal commercial terms and in the ordinary course of its business activities;
b)
Financial Indebtedness, which is referred to in the definition of, or otherwise constitutes, “Permitted
Financial Indebtedness”;
c)
a loan made to a Permitted Joint Venture to the extent such loan is permitted under the definition of
“Permitted Joint Venture”;
d)
a loan made:
a.
by an Obligor to another Obligor;
b.
by a member of the Security Group that is not an Obligor to another member of the Security
Group; or
c.
by an Obligor to a member of the Security Group that is not an Obligor provided that the aggregate
principal amount of all loans made under this sub-paragraph (c) does not exceed EUR 10,000,000
(indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time;
e)
any loan made by a member of the Security Group and in existence on the Closing Date;
143

--- Page 145 ---
f)
loans comprising any deferred consideration in respect of a Permitted Disposal where the amount of such
deferred consideration does not exceed 50.00 per cent. of the aggregate consideration by the Security
Group in respect of that Permitted Disposal;
g)
any loan constituting or made to facilitate a Permitted Payment;
h)
any Permitted Upstream Loan;
i)
any loan not permitted by the preceding paragraphs (other than a loan described in paragraph d) of this
definition) so long as the aggregate amount of the Financial Indebtedness under any such loans does not
exceed in aggregate EUR 10,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time; and
j)
any other loan made with the prior written consent of the Security Agent acting in accordance with the
STID.
“Permitted Non-Core Business” means:
a)
following any step-in or other transfer of the Skyline Leasing Portfolio (or any part thereof) to TDC NET
or any other member of the Security Group, the business of leasing and/or sub-leasing to third parties the
Skyline Leasing
Portfolio (or any part
thereof), and any business connected
therewith and/or
complimentary thereto;
b)
the business of providing facility management services in relation to the Property Leasing Portfolio; and
c)
any other business (including (without limitation) services provided to Related Entities on arm’s length
terms and for fair market value), which is not Permitted Core Business or otherwise permitted pursuant to
paragraphs k) and l) above provided that, for any Relevant Period in respect of which it is calculated, the
aggregate earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the same basis as
EBITDA) attributable to all business of the Security Group permitted pursuant to this paragraph (c) does
not exceed 5 per cent. of the consolidated EBITDA of the Security Group for that Relevant Period.
“Permitted Payment” means:
a)
any payment pursuant to any contract for the provision of any lease, licence, goods or services (but
excluding any payments of a type referred to in paragraph b) below), in each case provided on arm’s
length terms or better from the perspective of the Security Group provided that:
a.
where such payment relates to a Significant ICC, such Significant ICC has been approved by the
board of directors of TDC NET with at least one (1) Independent director (or, if there are more than
two (2) Independent directors on the board of directors of TDC NET, a majority of the Independent
directors) voting in favour of the board resolution; and
b.
any such payments made to Holding Companies of TDC NET Holding or Significant Shareholders
(other than in relation to the Existing Property Sub-Leases, any Car Sub-Leasing or as reimbursement
of the Security Group’s share of any costs, expenses and other amounts properly incurred by a
Holding Company for the benefit of any member of the Security Group) shall not exceed
EUR 10,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate per Financial Year;
b)
a payment of management fees, auditors fees and holding company expenses up to EUR 1,000,000
(indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate per Financial Year to any Investor Entity
provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would occur as a result of such payment;
c)
any payment of Senior Debt held by any Investor Entity where such payment is made in accordance with
the relevant Finance Documents;
d)
any payment pursuant to a Permitted Transaction;
e)
any payment by a member of the Security Group which is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary of TDC NET
Holding to any Minority Shareholder no greater than proportionate to its existing holding;
f)
any payment to (i) TDC NET Holding of an arm’s length fee in consideration for the credit support
provided by TDC NET Holding for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and (ii) each Holding Company of
TDC NET Holding in consideration of the parent company guarantee granted in favour of TDC NET
pursuant to the Danish Joint Taxation Agreement, in each case as reasonably determined by TDC NET in
accordance with applicable Danish transfer pricing laws and regulations;
g)
any payments made on or around the Closing Date;
144

--- Page 146 ---
h)
any (i) Permitted Upstream Loan and (ii) discharge of amounts owed by TDC Holding to TDC NET (or
by TDC Holding to TDC NET Holding and by TDC NET Holding to TDC NET) under any Permitted
Upstream Loan where such discharge is made by way of declaration of dividends in accordance with the
Danish Companies Act (in Danish: selskabsloven) and such dividends are paid by way of set-off on a non-
cash basis;
i)
any payment (whether by way of dividend or distribution, repayment, prepayment or other discharge of
any Existing Holdco Loan (in whole or in part) and/or any Permitted Upstream Loan) made in connection
with, and for purposes of, the EMTN 2022 Refinancing or the EMTN 2023 Refinancing provided that, in
each case, such payment is no greater than the amount required to discharge the EMTN 2022 or the
EMTN 2023 (as applicable) in the principal amount outstanding as of the Closing Date (together with
(i) accrued interest and any additional amounts in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
EMTN 2022 or the EMTN 2023 (as applicable) as of the Closing Date; and (ii) reasonable costs and
expenses in relation to such refinancing);
j)
any payment to the lessors under the Skyline Leasing Portfolio made to remedy or cure an actual or, in the
reasonable opinion of TDC NET, potential payment default by TDC Holding in respect of amounts due or
to become due to the lessors under the Skyline Leasing Portfolio provided that the aggregate amount of
any payments made pursuant to this paragraph j) shall not (i) in any rolling twelve (12) month period
exceed an amount equal to the aggregate amount of rent and other liabilities falling due for payment under
the Skyline Leasing Portfolio in such period; and (ii) in any five (5) consecutive Financial Years exceed
EUR 40,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies);
k)
any payment to fund (directly or indirectly) scheduled interest payments in respect of the EMTN, hedging
payments or costs in respect of the EMTN and/or ordinary course fees, costs and expenses payable to (or
on behalf of) any paying agent in connection with the EMTN;
l)
any payment made by a member of the Security Group not otherwise permitted pursuant to paragraphs a)
to k) above provided that the amount of that payment when aggregated with the amount of all other
payments made under this paragraph l) does not exceed EUR 1,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in
other currencies) in any consecutive twelve (12) month period; and
m)
any other Restricted Payment made with the prior written consent of the Security Agent acting in
accordance with the STID.
“Permitted Security” means:
a)
any Security entered into pursuant to or under a Finance Document;
b)
any lien arising by operation of law or contract to similar effect and in the ordinary course of business and
not as a result of any default or omission by any member of the Security Group;
c)
any cash pooling, netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the Security Group in the
ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of the
members of the Security Group (including a multi-account overdraft);
d)
any payment or close-out netting or set-off arrangement pursuant to any Treasury Transaction or foreign
exchange transaction entered into by a member of the Security Group which constitutes Permitted
Financial Indebtedness, excluding any Security or Quasi-Security under a credit support arrangement;
e)
any Security or Quasi-Security over or affecting any asset acquired by a member of the Security Group
after the Closing Date if:
a.
the Security or Quasi-Security was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that asset by a
member of the Security Group;
b.
the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of
that asset by a member of the Security Group; and
c.
the Security or Quasi-Security is removed or discharged within three (3) months of the date of
acquisition of such asset;
f)
any Security or Quasi-Security over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes a member of
the Security Group after the Closing Date, where the Security or Quasi-Security is created prior to the date
on which that company becomes a member of the Security Group if:
a.
the Security or Quasi-Security was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that company;
145

--- Page 147 ---
b.
the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of
that company; and
c.
the Security or Quasi-Security is removed or discharged within three (3) months of that company
becoming a member of the Security Group;
g)
any Security or Quasi-Security arising under any retention of title, extended retention of title, hire
purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods (or, in
the case of any extended retention of title arrangements, receivables resulting from the sale of such goods)
supplied to a member of the Security Group in the ordinary course of business and on the supplier’s
standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by any member of the
Security Group;
h)
any Quasi-Security arising as a result of a disposal which is a Permitted Disposal;
i)
any Security or Quasi-Security arising as a consequence of:
a.
any Permitted Finance Lease; or
b.
any sale and leaseback transactions which constitute a “Permitted Disposal”;
j)
any Security or Quasi-Security arising as a result of legal proceedings discharged within thirty (30) days
or otherwise being contested in good faith;
k)
any Security or Quasi-Security over documents of title and goods as part of a documentary credit
transaction entered into in the ordinary course of trade;
l)
any Security or Quasi-Security arising by operation of law in favour of a governmental or taxing authority
in respect of Taxes or charges being contested in good faith;
m)
any Security or Quasi-Security arising under or pursuant to the general terms and conditions of banks with
whom any member of the Security Group maintains a banking relationship in the ordinary course of
business;
n)
until the Closing Date, arising under the Existing Financing;
o)
any Security or Quasi-Security securing indebtedness the outstanding principal amount of which (when
aggregated with the outstanding principal amount of any other indebtedness which has the benefit of
Security given by any member of the Security Group other than any permitted under the preceding
paragraphs above) does not exceed in aggregate EUR 10,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent in other
currencies) at any time; and
p)
any Security or Quasi-Security entered into with the prior written consent of the Security Agent acting in
accordance with the STID.
“Permitted Share Issue” means an issue of:
a)
shares by TDC NET Holding which by their terms are not redeemable at the option of the holder;
b)
shares by a member of the Security Group which is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of TDC NET Holding to
its immediate Holding Company where (if the existing shares are subject to Transaction Security) the
newly-issued shares also become subject to the Transaction Security on the same terms (in accordance
with the Agreed Security Principles);
c)
shares by a member of the Security Group which is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary of TDC NET Holding
to its immediate Holding Company or to a Minority Shareholder no greater than proportionate to its
existing holding;
d)
shares where the issuance is a Joint Venture Investment which is a Permitted Joint Venture (but excluding
where such Joint Venture Investment is made by way of an issue of shares by a member of the Security
Group to a Joint Venture); and
e)
any other issue approved or consented to by the Security Agent acting in accordance with the STID.
“Permitted Transaction” means:
a)
any disposal required, Financial Indebtedness incurred, guarantee, indemnity or Security or Quasi-Security
given, or other transaction arising, under the Finance Documents;
146

--- Page 148 ---
b)
any transaction made to comply with statutory or regulatory obligations or otherwise required by law,
regulation or any order of a governmental entity in Denmark (including (without limitation) the Danish
Business
Authority
(in
Danish:
Erhvervsstyrelsen)
and
the
Danish
Energy
Agency
(in
Danish: Energistyrelsen) provided that such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect;
c)
the solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any member of the Security Group which is not an Obligor so
long as any payments or assets distributed as a result of such liquidation or reorganisation are distributed
to other members of the Security Group (or to a Minority Shareholder proportionate to its holding);
d)
an intra-Security Group reorganisation between members of the Security Group (other than TDC NET
Holding) on a solvent basis where:
a.
all of the business, assets and shares of any Subsidiary of TDC NET continue to be owned (directly
or indirectly) by TDC NET in the same or a greater percentage as prior to such reorganisation (other
than (A) the shares of any member of the Security Group which has been merged into another
member of the Security Group or which has otherwise ceased to exist as a result of such
reorganisation or (B) the business, assets or shares of a member of the Security Group which have
ceased to be owned as a result of a Permitted Disposal); and
b.
if such reorganisation involves an Obligor, that Obligor must be a surviving entity and the Secured
Creditors must continue to have the same or substantially equivalent guarantees and Transaction
Security over the same or substantially equivalent assets of that Obligor (save to the extent such
assets cease to exist or be owned by that Obligor as contemplated by paragraph a. above);
e)
any transaction arising in relation to (i) the participation in spectrum auctions; (ii) the acquisition of
spectrum; and/or (iii) the ownership, operation, maintenance or development of spectrum (including
(without limitation) any Financial Indebtedness incurred by way of deferred purchase price and any
guarantee, counter-guarantee, indemnity, Security or Quasi-Security given), in each case by a member of
the Security Group for bona fide commercial purposes of the Permitted Business and provided that, with
respect to any counter-guarantee or indemnity in relation to Spectrum Guarantees, (except for any such
guarantees issued prior to the Closing Date) the providers of such guarantees are party to, or accede to, the
STID;
f)
any Financial Indebtedness incurred, guarantee, indemnity or Security or Quasi-Security given, loan or
payment made or other transaction arising in relation to the operation of Danish Joint Taxation and the
Danish Joint Taxation Liabilities of members of the Security Group from time to time;
g)
any Financial Indebtedness incurred, guarantee, indemnity or Security or Quasi-Security given, loan or
payment made or other transaction arising in relation to the operation of Danish Joint VAT and the Danish
Joint VAT Liabilities of members of the Security Group from time to time;
h)
any loan, equity investment or other payment made to TDC Pensionskasse for the purpose of funding
pension schemes operated by or maintained for the benefit of TDC Holding, any of its Subsidiaries
(including the Security Group) and/or any of their employees (including, without limitation, any such
payment made pursuant to any liabilities of TDC NET under Section 254(2) of the Danish Companies Act
(in Danish: selskabsloven));
i)
any Financial Indebtedness incurred, or loans or payments made, to TDC Holding in relation to periodic
pension contributions or special pension contributions made in connection with termination of the
employment, in each case in respect of public servants (in Danish: tjenestemænd) who are employed by
the Security Group for purposes of the Permitted Business and covered by the pension schemes operated
by TDC Pensionskasse; and
j)
any transaction entered into with the prior written consent of the Security Agent acting in accordance with
the STID.
“Permitted Upstream Loan” means any loan made by TDC NET to TDC Holding (or by TDC NET to TDC
NET Holding and on-lent by TDC NET Holding to TDC Holding):
a)
constituting a Permitted Payment in connection with the EMTN 2022 Refinancing or the EMTN 2023
Refinancing in accordance with paragraph i) of the definition of Permitted Payment; or
b)
constituting a Permitted Payment (other than pursuant to paragraph h) and i) of the definition thereof); or
c)
constituting a Restricted Payment made subject to satisfaction of the Restricted Payments test,
147

--- Page 149 ---
provided that, in each case, such loan shall be subject to Transaction Security (in accordance with the Agreed
Security Principles).
“Property Leasing Portfolio” means all properties in Denmark which are, as of the Closing Date or at any
time, thereafter, leased or owned by TDC Holding (including, but not limited to, the Skyline Leasing Portfolio)
and (in whole or in part) sub-leased to TDC NET and other third parties from time to time.
“Qualifying Secured Liabilities” means:
a)
the outstanding principal amount of each series of Notes and privately placed notes at such time;
b)
the outstanding principal amount under each other finance document at such time; and
c)
the mark-to-market value of all transactions arising under Hedging Agreements to the extent that such
value represents an amount which would be payable to the relevant Hedge Counterparties if an early
termination date was designated at relevant date in respect of such transactions as determined by the
relevant Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the Hedging Agreements, as certified by the relevant
Hedge Counterparty to the Security Agent.
“Quasi Security” means an arrangement or transaction to:
a)
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may be leased to or
re-acquired by an Obligor or any other member of the Security Group;
b)
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms other than where such
recourse is solely in respect of customary warranties and indemnities as to title where such receivables are
otherwise being sold on non-recourse terms;
c)
enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account may be applied,
set-off or made subject to a combination of accounts; or
d)
enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect,
in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising
Financial Indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset.
“Real Property” means any real property (in Danish: fast ejendom) in accordance with Danish law.
“Related Entity” means any direct or indirect Holding Company of TDC NET Holding or any Subsidiary of
such Holding Company (other than a member of the Security Group).
“Relevant Debt” means (a) for the purpose of interest rate hedging transactions, any principal amount
outstanding under the Term Facilities, the Notes, privately placed notes and any other debt incurred by TDC
NET under a Finance Document from time to time that bears interest at a floating rate and (b) for the purpose
of currency exchange rate hedging, any such principal amount outstanding which is denominated in a foreign
currency and bears interest at a fixed rate and in the case of (a) and (b) that ranks pari passu with the foregoing
debt
(other
than
(i)
any
Liquidity
Facility,
(ii)
any
Hedging
Agreement
and
(iii)
any
Revolving
Facilities).“Relevant Tax Payments” means, in respect of any financial year of the Security Group, the
amount of any payment in cash to the Danish Joint Taxation Administration Company by any member of the
Security Group in that financial year to discharge liabilities to the Danish tax authorities in respect of taxes
attributable to any member of the Danish Joint Taxation Group which is not a member of the Security Group
(such members of the Danish Joint Taxation Group which are not members of the Security Group, the
“Relevant Group”) other than to the extent such member of the Security Group has been funded to make such
payment by any member of the Relevant Group.
“Reserved Matters” has the meaning ascribed to it in “—Reserved Matters” (above).
“Restricted Payment” means any payment (including (without limitation) in respect of dividends, other
distributions in respect of share capital, return of share capital, interest on loans, principal of loans, fees or
other amounts or the making of any upstream loan) by any member of the Security Group to any Investor
Entity or any Minority Shareholder.
“Secured Creditors” means the Security Agent, each Hedge Counterparty, each Authorised Credit Provider,
each agent of an Authorised Credit Facility, the account bank, any receiver or delegate of a secured creditor.
“Secured Creditor Representative” means the representative(s) of a Secured Creditor appointed in accordance
with the STID.
“Security Group” means TDC NET Holding, TDC NET and its subsidiaries.
148

--- Page 150 ---
“Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent and
whether owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of each Obligor to any Secured Creditor
under each Finance Document (including but not limited to the Parallel Obligations) to which such Obligor is a
party.
“Security” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any
person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
“Security Agent” means HSBC Corporate Trust Company (UK) Limited as security agent for the Secured
Creditors.
“Security Group Share” means, in relation to any acquisition or disposal of a company, business or
undertaking, the ownership percentage in that company, business or undertaking which is acquired or disposed
of (as applicable) by any member of the Security Group.
“Senior Debt” means any Financial Indebtedness of the Obligors in relation to which the providers of such
Financial Indebtedness are parties to or have the benefit of the finance documents (including, any Authorised
Credit Facility, privately-placed notes and Notes) and that is not Subordinated Debt.
“Significant ICC” means:
a)
the Existing Property Sub-Leases between TDC Holding and TDC NET;
b)
the Skyline Administration Agreement and the Skyline Transfer Agreement between TDC Holding and
TDC NET;
c)
the Mobile Services Agreement between TDC NET and Nuuday A/S (for as long as Nuuday A/S remains
an Affiliate of TDC NET);
d)
the parent company guarantee by TDC Holding granted in favour of TDC NET pursuant to the Danish
Joint Taxation Agreement; and
e)
any other intercompany contract (but excluding any Permitted Upstream Loan and any Subordinated Debt)
between a member of the Security Group and an Investor Entity as referred to in paragraph a) of the
definition of “Permitted Payment” and which (when taking together with any other connected
intercompany contract) involves annual payments of:
a.
in the case of any Investor Entity other than a Subsidiary of TDC Holding, EUR 1,000,000
(indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) or more (calculated on a gross basis), but excluding
any such payments in relation to Car Sub-Leasing or which are made in reimbursement of the
Security Group’s pro rata share of any costs, expenses and other amounts properly incurred by an
Investor Entity to a third party on market terms in respect of goods and services provided (in whole
or in part) to or for the benefit of any member of the Security Group; or
b.
in the case of any Investor Entity which is a Subsidiary of TDC Holding, EUR 60,000,000
(indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies) or more (calculated on a gross basis), but excluding
any such payments which relate to the provision of regulated services by the Security Group where
the price is regulated or otherwise monitored by competent regulatory authorities.
“Significant ICC Transaction” means entering into:
a)
a new Significant ICC; or
b)
any material amendment of an existing Significant ICC,
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any Restricted Payment which is made subject to the Restricted
Payment tests or which is a Permitted Payment (other than pursuant to paragraph a) of the definition of
“Permitted Payment”) shall not constitute a Significant ICC Transaction.
“Significant Shareholder” means any direct or indirect shareholder of TDC NET Holding owning, directly or
indirectly, ten (10) per cent. or more of the outstanding share capital of TDC NET Holding (but excluding any
Related Entity).
“Skyline Administration Agreement” means an agreement between TDC Holding and TDC NET entered into
prior to the Closing Date pursuant to which:
a)
TDC NET will administer, on behalf of TDC Holding, the Skyline Leasing Portfolio, including the
payment of outgoing rent and other payments in respect of the head-leasing contracts relating to the
149

--- Page 151 ---
Skyline Leasing Portfolio, all such payments (except for any charges, liabilities and other obligations
arising in relation to utility and similar services) to be made via the Skyline Designated Account; and
b)
TDC Holding will undertake to ensure that the Skyline Designated Account shall at all times contain a
positive cash balance in an amount which is at least equal to the aggregate amount of rent and other
payments (except for any charges, liabilities and other obligations arising in relation to utility and similar
services) to be made by TDC Holding in relation to the Skyline Leasing Portfolio during the next
two (2) months.
“Skyline Designated Account” means a bank account in the name of TDC Holding for the sole purposes of
administering payments to and from TDC Holding in relation to the Skyline Leasing Portfolio which bank
account shall be administered by TDC NET on behalf of TDC Holding.
“Skyline Holdco Guarantee” means any guarantee granted by TDC Holding in favour of the lessors under the
Skyline Leasing Portfolio in connection with any transfer of the Skyline Leasing Portfolio (in whole or in part)
to TDC NET or any other member of the Security Group in respect of obligations of TDC NET or such other
member of the Security Group in respect of the Skyline Leasing Portfolio.
“Skyline Leasing Portfolio” means the Project Skyline leasing portfolio comprising certain properties in
Denmark, which are, as of the Closing Date, leased by TDC Holding pursuant to lease agreements entered into
with Ejendomsselskabet ATPFA II P/S, Ejendomsselskabet ATPFA III P/S and ATP-IP P/S, and (in whole or in
part) further sub-leased by TDC Holding to TDC NET and other third parties from time to time.
“Skyline Transfer Agreement” means an agreement between TDC Holding and TDC NET entered into prior
to the Closing Date pursuant to which TDC Holding shall grant in favour of TDC NET:
a)
an unconditional right for TDC NET to request, at any time, that TDC Holding shall exercise its right of
transfer (in Danish: afståelsesret) pursuant to the head-leasing contracts relating to the Skyline Leasing
Portfolio (the “Transfer Right”) in order to transfer the Skyline Leasing Portfolio (in whole or in part) to
TDC NET or another member of the Security Group; and
b)
a power of attorney authorising (to the fullest extent permitted by law) TDC NET to exercise, on behalf of
TDC Holding, the Transfer Right referred to in paragraph a) above.
“Spectrum Guarantee” means a guarantee (or other assurance against loss) issued by a bank, insurance
company or other financial institution on behalf of a member of the Security Group in favour of the Danish
Government and/or the Danish Energy Agency (in Danish: Energistyrelsen) in connection with a member of the
Security Group’s participation in spectrum auctions and/or as a guarantee of the deferred purchase price of
spectrum acquired by a member of the Security Group.
“Subordinated Debt” means the Existing Holdco Loans and any Financial Indebtedness provided to an
Obligor that is fully subordinated to the Senior Debt and where the provider of such Financial Indebtedness has
acceded to the STID.
“Subsidiary” means a subsidiary (in Danish: dattervirksomhed) within the meaning of section 5(3) of the
Danish Companies Act (in Danish: selskabsloven).
“Tax” means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any
penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same).
“Trade Instruments” means any performance bonds, advance payment bonds or documentary letters of credit
issued in respect of the obligations of any Obligor arising in the ordinary course of business of that Obligor.
“Transaction Security” means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour of the Security Agent
pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents.
“Transaction Security Documents” means the security documents relating to the security to be granted by
TDC NET Holding and TDC NET any other document evidencing or creating security over any asset of an
Obligor to secure any obligation of any Obligor to a Secured Creditor in respect of the Senior Debt.
150

--- Page 152 ---
16. CASHFLOW
The following sets out the various priorities of payment as included in the respective Transaction Documents
(as applicable), as more fully summarised in “Summary of the Financing Documents” above.
16.1 Standstill and Post-Enforcement Payment Priorities
The STID provides that all, while a standstill period is continuing or following the taking of any Enforcement
Action or following any Acceleration of Liabilities under the Finance Documents, any sums or proceeds
available for application to the debt service of the Obligors, shall be applied on each Payment Date or
Distribution Date, as applicable, in accordance with the following priority of payments as set out below,
without double counting:
a)
first, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity
payments, costs, charges and expenses (including interest on any of the foregoing and any Taxes) due and
payable by any Obligor to the Security Agent or any Receiver or any Delegate under any Finance
Document;
b)
second, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of:
a.
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Liquidity
Facility Agent due and payable by TDC NET under any Liquidity Facility Agreement;
b.
all amounts due and payable by any Obligor in respect of all amounts of interest, principal, fees,
other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Liquidity Facility
Provider due and payable to such Liquidity Facility Provider under any Liquidity Facility Agreement;
c.
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges, liabilities and expenses of the
Note Trustee incurred under the Note Trust Deed;
d.
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Agents incurred
under the Agency Agreement;
e.
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Secured
Creditor Representative for holders of privately-placed notes incurred; and
f.
prior to an enforcement action only, the fees, other remuneration, costs, charges and expenses of the
Rating Agency;
g.
the amounts due and payable by an Obligor in respect of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity
payments, costs, charges and expenses of the stock exchange where the Notes are listed (or any other
listing authority) and the listing agent;
c)
third, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of:
a.
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of any Facility Agent
incurred under any Finance Document;
b.
all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts on cross-currency swaps, termination
payments, and final exchange payments on cross-currency swaps) due and payable to each Hedge
Counterparty under any Hedging Agreement; and
c.
all amounts of interest, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses
(except in relation to principal, Net Loss or any make-whole amount) due and payable under any
Authorised Credit Facility (other than a Liquidity Facility Agreement);
d)
fourth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of:
a.
all amounts of principal and Net Loss due and payable under any Authorised Credit Facility (other
than a Liquidity Facility Agreement); and
b.
all termination payments (excluding subordinated hedge amounts), any payments due as a result of
“Optional Early Termination” or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the ISDA Definitions
or any replacement thereof), principal exchange amounts, final payments on cross-currency swaps, or
other unscheduled sums due and payable to each Hedge Counterparty under any Hedging Agreement;
e)
fifth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts of make-whole amounts due and
payable under any Authorised Credit Facility (other a Liquidity Facility Agreement);
151

--- Page 153 ---
f)
sixth, in or towards satisfaction, of subordinated hedge amounts due and payable under any Hedging
Agreement; and
g)
seventh, subject to all payments and liabilities of a higher order of priority having been satisfied in full,
the surplus (if any) together with any amounts standing to the credit of the operating accounts shall be
available to each Obligors entitled thereto.
152

--- Page 154 ---
17. TAX CONSIDERATIONS
17.1 Danish Taxation
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to Danish tax laws
in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and
application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to
acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all
categories of investors, such as professional investors, certain institutional investors, insurance companies,
pension companies, banks, stockbrokers and investors with tax liability on return on pension investments that
all may be subject to special rules. Potential investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to
seek advice from their tax advisors regarding the applicable tax consequences to clarify the individual
consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer and the Guarantor make no
representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes.
17.2 Danish tax resident Holders of Notes
Individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar enterprises resident in
Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent establishment in Denmark
are liable to pay income tax on interest received on the Notes.
Capital gains are taxable for individuals, companies and similar enterprises resident in Denmark for tax
purposes in accordance with the Danish Capital Gains Act.
Gains and losses on Notes held by corporate entities are generally included in their taxable income in
accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish: “lagerprincippet”), i.e., taxation on an unrealised basis.
Gains and losses on Notes held by individuals are generally included in their taxable income on a realised basis
with specific exemption threshold applicable, but a mark-to-market principle is also possible for listed
notes with applicable restrictions.
Gains and losses on Notes, which are subject to adjustments on principal or interest as set out in section
29(3) of the Danish Capital Gains Act will, irrespective of realisation, be taxable on an annual basis in
accordance with a mark-to-market principle as further specified in the Danish Capital Gains Act.
A variety of features regarding principal and interest may apply to the Notes. The applicable taxation of capital
gains to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Notes in question.
Pension
funds
and
other
entities
governed
by
the
Danish
act
on
taxation
of
pension
yield
(in
Danish: “Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven”) would, irrespective of realisation, be taxed on the annual value
increase or decrease of the Notes according to a mark-to-market principle as specifically laid down in the
Danish Capital Gains Act.
17.3 Non-Danish tax Resident Holders of Notes
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident holders of
Notes are not subject to taxation in Denmark. No Danish withholding tax should generally be applicable with
respect to such payments, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt, and any capital
gain realised upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a Note should not be subject to taxation in Denmark.
This tax treatment applies solely to holders of Notes who are not subject to tax liability in Denmark or included
in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry out business in Denmark through a permanent
establishment.
153

--- Page 155 ---
18. FORM OF THE NOTES
18.1 Bearer Notes
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (the “Bearer Notes”) will initially be in the form of either a temporary
global note in bearer form (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global
note in bearer form (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the
relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a
“Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A.
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg.
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in
compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of
the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At
the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used.
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not necessarily
mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States
Treasury
Regulation
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C)
(the
“TEFRA
C
Rules”)
or
United
States
Treasury
Regulation §1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D
Rules are applicable.
18.2 Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange
for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note, duly
authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the
case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in
accordance with its terms against:
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global
Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and
(ii) receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership,
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”):
a)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
b)
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or
154

--- Page 156 ---
c)
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global
Note”, then if either of the following events occurs:
(i)
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or
(ii) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become
due and payable.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the
principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global
Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent
within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
18.3 Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global
Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes.
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the
bearer requesting such exchange.
18.4 Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes:
a)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
b)
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
c)
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global
Note”, then if either of the following events occurs:
(i)
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention
permanently to cease business; or
(ii) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become due
and payable.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the
principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global
Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent
within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
155

--- Page 157 ---
18.5 Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions” below and the provisions of the relevant Final
Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.
18.6 Legend concerning United States persons
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form,
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the
following effect:
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code.”
18.7 Registered Notes
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”), will be represented by either individual
note certificates in registered form (“Individual Note Certificates”) or a global note in registered form (a
“Global Registered Note”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it has assessed the
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the “New Safekeeping
Structure” or “NSS”) would be in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement
systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro, subject to the conclusion of the
necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for
Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010
and that registered debt securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream,
Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New
Safekeeping Structure is used.
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not
necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new
safekeeping structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered
Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in
accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about
the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms.
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Individual Note Certificates”, then the
Notes will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of
their respective holdings.
18.8 Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Global Registered Note exchangeable for
Individual Note Certificates”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates:
a)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
156

--- Page 158 ---
b)
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
c)
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the “Global Registered
Note“, then if either of the following events occurs:
(i)
if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention
permanently to cease business; or
(ii) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become due
and payable.
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount
of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder
of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such
Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the
Registrar.
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement
and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and,
in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection
with such exchange.
18.9 Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions” below and
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.
157

--- Page 159 ---
19. TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of
Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms
shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by
applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement,
complete, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.
1. Introduction
(a)
Programme: TDC NET A/S (the Issuer) has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the
“Programme”) for the issuance of up to EUR 3,500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the
Notes) guaranteed by TDC NET Holding (the Guarantor).
(b)
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may
comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms
(the “Final Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions completed by the relevant
Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the
relevant Final Terms shall prevail.
(c)
Note Trust Deed: The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, a note trust deed
dated 17 May 2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Note Trust Deed”) between the
Issuer,
the
Guarantor
and
HSBC
Corporate
Trustee
Company
(UK)
Limited
as
trustee
(the
“Note Trustee”, which expression includes all persons for the time being trustee or trustees appointed
under the Note Trust Deed).
(d)
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 17 May
2022 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor, HSBC Bank plc as principal paying
agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression includes any successor principal paying agent
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), HSBC Bank plc as registrar (the “Registrar”,
which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the
Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”,
which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in
connection with the Notes), the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the “Transfer
Agents”, which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to
time in connection with the Notes) and the Note Trustee. In these Conditions references to the “Agents”
are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an “Agent” is to any one of them.
(e)
Common Documents: The Issuer has entered into a common terms agreement with, among others, the
Guarantor (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Common Terms Agreement”), a master
definitions agreement with, among others, the Guarantor (as amended or supplemented from time to time,
the “Master Definitions Agreement”) and a security trust and intercreditor deed between, among others,
the Guarantor, HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited as security agent (the “Security Agent”)
and the other creditors referred to therein (together with the Note Trustee, the “Secured Creditors”) (as
amended or supplemented from time to time, the “STID”, together with the Common Terms Agreement
and the Master Definitions Agreement, the Common Documents).
(f)
Transaction Documents: The Note Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Common
Documents, the security documents creating the Security described in Condition 5(a) (Security) and any
related documents are, in relation to the Notes, together referred to as the “Transaction Documents”.
(g)
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject
of the relevant Final Terms.
(h)
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Note Trust Deed, the Agency
Agreement, the Common Documents and the other Transaction Documents and are subject to their
detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the holders of the related interest
coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to
158

--- Page 160 ---
have notice of, all the provisions of the Note Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Common Documents
and the other Transaction Documents applicable to them. Copies of the Transaction Documents (except for
the dealer agreement) are available for inspection by Noteholders by appointment during normal business
hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set
out below, or at the relevant Paying Agent’s option, such inspection may be provided electronically.
(i)
Capitalised Terms: Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in these Conditions shall bear the meanings
given to them in the Master Definitions Agreement and these Conditions shall be construed in accordance
with the principles of construction set out in the Master Definitions Agreement.
2. Interpretation
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Business Day” means:
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business
Centre;
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial Centre of
the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and
(c)
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final Terms,
any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and each (if any) Additional
Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or
required by law or regulation to be closed;
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
(a)
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first
following day that is a Business Day;
(b)
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” means
that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a
Business Day, save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final
Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the
period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date;
(c)
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to the
first preceding day that is a Business Day;
(d)
FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that:
i.
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month;
ii.
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will
be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar
month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and
iii.
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar
month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding
such date occurred; and
159

--- Page 161 ---
(e)
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business
Day Convention;
“Calculation Agent” means the Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Calculation Amount” means such amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note;
“DA Selected Bond” means the government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent as
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the Notes, that would be
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in determining the
redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and with a
comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes;
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant
Final Terms and:
a)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means:
i.
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls,
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and
ii.
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:
a.
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in which
it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and
b.
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the
number of Regular Periods in any year;
iii.
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365).
iv.
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation
Period divided by 365;
v.
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period
divided by 360;
vi.
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360,
calculated on a formula basis as follows
[360x(Y2 ‾ Y1)]+[30x(M2 ‾ M1)]+(D2 ‾ D1)
360
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
160

--- Page 162 ---
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case
D2 will be 30”;
vii. if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be
30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the
Calculation Period;
“Determination Agent” means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of recognised
standing selected by the Issuer;
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
161

--- Page 163 ---
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as
may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms;
“EURIBOR” means the Euro wholesale funding rate known as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate administered
by the European Money Markets Institute (or any successor administrator);
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Note Trust Deed;
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount (for
other than Zero Coupon Notes, being 100 per cent of the principal amount or higher) as may be specified in the
relevant Final Terms;
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at
such time, as advised to the Issuer by the Determination Agent, provided that (i) in the case of Sustainability-
Linked Notes in relation to which Sustainability-Linked Notes (Interest) is specified in the applicable Final
Terms only, the Determination Agent shall in calculating such yield have regard to the Rate of Interest
applicable on the Reference Date in relation to all Interest Periods other than any Interest Period commencing
on or after the relevant Sustainability-Linked Reference Date, and for any Interest Period commencing on or
after the relevant Sustainability-Linked Reference Date shall have regard to the Rate of Interest applicable on
the Reference Date as increased by the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin(s) unless the relevant
Sustainability Performance Target(s) has/have already been achieved for the most recent financial year ending
prior to the date of the call option notice for which a Limited Assurance Report is available (as set out in such
Limited Assurance Report and as confirmed by a written confirmation from the External Verifier that the
relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) has/have been met for such financial year) in which case the
Determination Agent shall have regard to the Rate of Interest applicable on the Reference Date for all
remaining Interest Periods and (ii) in the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes in relation to which
Sustainability- Linked Notes (Premium) is specified hereon only, the Determination Agent shall in
calculating such yield deem the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount(s) to be payable unless the
relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) has/have already been achieved for the most recent financial year
ending prior to the date of the call option notice for which a Limited Assurance Report is available (as set out
in such Limited Assurance Report and as confirmed by a written confirmation from the External Verifier that
the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) has/have been met for such financial year);
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to pay
such Indebtedness including (without limitation):
(a)
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;
(b)
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase assets or
services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness;
(c)
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and
(d)
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;
“Guarantee of the Notes” means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the Trust Deed;
“Holder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination and
Title—Title
to
Bearer
Notes)
and,
in
the
case
of
Registered
Notes,
has
the
meaning
given
in
Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination and Title—Title to Registered Notes);
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of:
a)
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;
b)
amounts raised under any note purchase facility;
c)
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in accordance with
applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital leases;
d)
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of which is
deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and
162

--- Page 164 ---
e)
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or purchase
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in
respect of that Note for that Interest Period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified as
the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as such
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(a)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or
(b)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as
being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention,
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following
the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest
Payment Date (in any other case);
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are
redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date);
“ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to any Series of Notes:
(a)
unless “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006
ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of
the Notes of such Series), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
(“ISDA”) (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); or
(b)
if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version
of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and
any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org),
on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series;
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Make
Whole
Redemption
Price”
has
the
meaning
given
in
Condition
8(c)
(Redemption
and
Purchase—Redemption at the option of the Issuer);
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 8(c) (Redemption and
Purchase—Redemption at the option of the Issuer);
“Noteholder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination and
Title—Title
to
Bearer
Notes)
and,
in
the
case
of
Registered
Notes,
has
the
meaning
given
in
Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination and Title—Title to Registered Notes);
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
163

--- Page 165 ---
“Payment Business Day” means:
(a)
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:
i.
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and payment of
bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
ii.
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or
(b)
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:
i.
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and payment of
bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
ii.
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may
be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any)
Additional Financial Centre;
“Person”
means
any
individual,
company,
corporation,
firm,
partnership,
joint
venture,
association,
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that
currency provided, however, that:
(a)
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European Union as
is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation
Agent; and
(b)
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the case of a
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit of a
Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of
the Noteholder;
“Quotation Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect
of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions
of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms;
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount
(Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final
Terms;
“Redemption Margin” means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected
with the Reference Rate;
“Reference Bond” means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the extent
that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant Reference Date,
the DA Selected Bond;
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest and
lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the annual or
semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield for the Remaining Term
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed
as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date;
164

--- Page 166 ---
“Reference Date” means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption Date
(Call);
“Reference Date” means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption Date
(Call);
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, where
practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which are (i) primary
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond
issues;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond
Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid
and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) at
the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference
Government Bond Dealer;
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, CIBOR or any other benchmark as specified in
the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. Other than
in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Notes for which the “Reference Rate” is specified in the
relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark
Event under Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), include any Successor Rate or
Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor
Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate;
“Regular Period” means:
(a)
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and
each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest
Payment Date;
(b)
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by
means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but
excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and
(c)
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest is
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date
falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period.
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the Principal
Paying Agent or the Note Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been
so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including,
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in
each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate;
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Remaining Term” means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the relevant Final
Terms, to such Par Redemption Date;
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect
of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter
the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment,
165

--- Page 167 ---
to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to
meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;
“Secured Liabilities” means all present and present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or
contingent) of the Obligors to any Secured Creditor under each Transaction Document;
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 8(c) (Redemption and
Purchase—Redemption at the option of the Issuer);
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other Person (the
“second Person”):
(a)
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by ownership of
share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second
Person or otherwise; or
(b)
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting
principles, consolidated with those of the first Person;
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons;
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment
system or any successor thereto;
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in
euro; and
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Interpretation: In these Conditions:
i.
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and
Couponholders are not applicable;
ii.
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue,
references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;
iii.
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of
issue, references to Talons are not applicable;
iv.
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation), any premium
payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these
Conditions;
v.
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest
which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest
payable pursuant to these Conditions;
vi.
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Note Trust Deed;
vii. if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is
“not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and
viii. any reference to the Note Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to
the Note Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented
up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes.
166

--- Page 168 ---
3. Form, Denomination and Title
(a)
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.
(b)
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer
Notes, “Holder” means the holder of such Bearer Note and “Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall be
construed accordingly.
(c)
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(d)
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the
Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a “Note Certificate”) will be issued to each Holder of Registered
Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an
identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, “Holder”
means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or,
in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be construed accordingly.
(e)
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership,
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the
Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous
loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any
right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
(f)
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such
Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered
Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance
of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor.
(g)
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a
Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant
Holder. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be)
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office.
(h)
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be)
such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be
levied or imposed in connection with such transfer.
(i)
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes.
(j)
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of
the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations.
167

--- Page 169 ---
4.
Status and Guarantee
(a)
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, secured, general and unconditional obligations of the
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with any Authorised
Credit Facilities entered into by TDC NET from time to time in accordance with the STID and senior to
any Subordinated Liabilities and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations
of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory
and of general application.
(b)
Guarantee of the Notes: The Guarantor has in the Trust Deed unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed
the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes.
The Guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, secured, general and unconditional obligations of the
Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured
obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are
both mandatory and of general application. The Guarantee of the Notes is secured by the Security (as
defined below).
5.
Security, Priority and Relationship with Secured Creditors
(a)
Security: As continuing security for the payment or discharge of the Secured Liabilities (including all
moneys payable in respect of the Notes, Coupons and Receipts and otherwise under the Note Trust Deed,
the Issuer, TDC NET and TDC NET Holding, as applicable, have entered into the STID and created as far
as permitted by and subject to compliance with any applicable law, the following security (the “Security”)
in favour of the Security Agent for itself and on trust for the other Secured Creditors:
i.
a share pledge in relation to the shares over TDC NET held by TDC NET Holding;
ii.
an account pledge in relation to certain bank accounts of TDC NET Holding;
iii.
a security assignment in respect of certain intercompany loan receivables owed to TDC NET Holding
by TDC NET;
iv.
a security assignment in respect of any permitted upstream loan made by TDC NET Holding to TDC
Holding;
v.
a negative pledge (in Danish: pantsætningsforbud) registered in the Danish Register of Chattel
Mortgages (in Danish: Personbogen) granted by TDC NET Holding;
vi.
a share pledge in respect of the shares over the direct subsidiaries of TDC NET (other than the
Issuer);
vii. an account pledge in relation to certain bank accounts of TDC NET;
viii. a security assignment in respect of certain intercompany loan receivables owed to TDC NET by its
subsidiaries;
ix.
a security assignment in respect of any permitted upstream loan made by TDC NET to TDC NET
Holding or TDC Holding;
x.
a security assignment in respect of the rights of TDC NET under certain material insurance policies
held by TDC NET or TDC NET’s rights as co-insured under any material insurance policies held by
Holdco for the benefit of TDC NET;
xi.
a security assignment in respect of the rights of TDC NET under any spectrum licences held by
TDC NET;
xii. a receivables floating charge (in Danish fordringspant) registered in the Danish Register of Chattel
Mortgages (in Danish Personbogen) granted by TDC NET;
xiii. a negative pledge (in Danish pantsætningsforbud) registered in the Danish Register of Chattel
Mortgages (in Danish Personbogen) granted by TDC NET;
xiv. negative pledges (in Danish pantsætningsforbud) registered in the Danish Land Register (in Danish
Tingbogen) in respect of substantially all of the infrastructure properties granted by TDC NET; and
xv.
a security assignment in relation to TDC NET’s rights under the hedging agreements;
All Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme will share in the Security constituted by the security
documents, upon and subject to the terms thereof and the STID.
168

--- Page 170 ---
(b)
Relationship among Noteholders and with other Secured Creditors: The Note Trust Deed contains
provisions detailing the Note Trustee’s obligations to consider the interests of Noteholders as regards all
discretions of the Note Trustee (except where expressly provided otherwise).
(c)
Enforceable Security: In the event of the Security becoming enforceable by the Security Agent as provided
in the STID, the Note Trustee shall vote as directed by the Noteholders, which votes shall be counted
along with those of the other qualifying Secured Creditors to determine whether the Security Agent shall
be directed to enforce its rights with respect to the Security. The Note Trustee shall act based on such
direction without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect
thereof on, or being required to account for such action to, any particular Noteholder, provided that neither
the Note Trustee nor the Security Agent shall be obliged to take any action unless they are indemnified
and/or secured and/or prefunded to their satisfaction.
(d)
Application after Enforcement: After enforcement of the Security, the Security Agent shall (to the extent
that such funds are available) use funds standing to the credit of the Accounts and any other proceeds of
the enforcement of the Security to make payments in accordance with the Standstill and Post-Enforcement
Priority of Payments (as set out in the STID).
6.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11
(Payments—Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments—Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance
with this Condition 6 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or the Note Trustee has
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified
Denomination.
(d)
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(d) shall apply to
Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest
Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified
therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such
Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and
the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent
shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the
Issuer, the Note Trustee the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange
and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination or
calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of
notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange.
(e)
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency
and, in the case of euro, means one cent.
169

--- Page 171 ---
7.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11
(Payments—Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments—Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it
has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is
any subsequent default in payment).
(c)
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the
Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or
€STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by
the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
i.
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation
Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;
ii.
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by
straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where:
a.
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for which
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and
b.
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period;
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be,
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate
the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with
an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines;
iii.
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest
Determination Date;
iv.
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, fewer
than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable,
the Issuer will:
a.
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide
a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and
b.
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the arithmetic mean of
such quotations; and
v.
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine the
arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Issuer)
quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, requested and
selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency
to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time,
170

--- Page 172 ---
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.
(d)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
i.
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final
Terms;
ii.
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant
Final Terms;
iii.
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) the first day of that Interest
Period or (B) as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
iv.
if applicable, the “Applicable Benchmark”, “Fixing Day”, “Fixing Time” and/or any other items
specified in the relevant Final Terms are as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
v.
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final
Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where:
a.
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and
b.
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the length of the
relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period,
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such
sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such
Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines
appropriate.
(e)
Interest—Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA
i.
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant
Final Terms as being “SONIA”.
ii.
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
iii.
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e):
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation
Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded
upwards:
171

--- Page 173 ---
d” means the number of calendar days in:
(i)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest
Period; or
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the
relevant Observation Period;
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in:
(i)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest
Period; or
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the
relevant Observation Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day
in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in:
(i)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest
Period; or
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the
relevant Observation Period;
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period;
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable)
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding,
the following London Banking Day;
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which
is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London Banking
Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) in the relevant Final
Terms (being a minimum of 5 London Banking Days unless otherwise agreed by the Calculation Agent);
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on
the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for:
i.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the London Banking
Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”; or
ii.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms; the
relevant London Banking Day “i”;
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference
Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA
Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding.
iii.
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as
applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the
172

--- Page 174 ---
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors,
such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent
Adviser)), be:
a.
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the
relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to
the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread,
one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread,
one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or
b.
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).
iv.
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of Interest
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the Rate of
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).
(f)
Interest—Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR
i.
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant
Final Terms as being “SOFR”.
ii.
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest
Determination Date.
iii.
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f):
“Benchmark” means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as determined
for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set out in this
Condition 7(f).
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR
in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not
U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government
Securities Business Day.
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior
to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 7(f)iv below will apply.
“Business Day” means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed;
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily compound
interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will
173

--- Page 175 ---
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being
rounded upwards to 0.00001):
“d” is the number of calendar days in:
i.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant
Interest Period; or
ii.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms,
the relevant Observation Period.
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:
i.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant
Interest Period; or
ii.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms,
the relevant Observation Period.
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities
Business Day in:
i.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant
Interest Period; or
ii.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms,
the relevant Observation Period,
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period;
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interet Period, the date falling “p”
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period
(or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on
which the Notes are due and payable);
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation
Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government
Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business
Day (“i+1”);
“Observation Period” in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, the date
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the
date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. Government
Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) in
the relevant Final Terms (being a minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days unless
otherwise agreed by the Calculation Agent);
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:
i.
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities Business
Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on
the
immediately
following
U.S.
Government
Securities
Business
Day
(the
“SOFR
Determination Time”); or
174

--- Page 176 ---
ii.
Subject to Condition 7(f)iv below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the
Secured
Overnight
Financing
Rate
as
published
in
respect
of
the
first
preceding
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate
was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any
successor source;
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for:
i.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms the
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; or
ii.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms,
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government
securities.
iv.
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all
subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer
will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Note Trustee or Noteholders.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section,
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any
action or any selection:
i.
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;
ii.
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and
iii.
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party.
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that if the
Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily
SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” shall mean the
applicable Benchmark Replacement.
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined
by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
i.
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
ii.
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or
iii.
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted
rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated
floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
175

--- Page 177 ---
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be
determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
i.
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;
ii.
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate,
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
iii.
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated
floating rate notes at such time;
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement,
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other
administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as
the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
i.
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the later of
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the
date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide
the Benchmark (or such component); or
ii.
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such
determination;
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation
thereof):
i.
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
ii.
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the
Benchmark (or such component); or
iii.
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative;
176

--- Page 178 ---
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR,
the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment.
v.
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 7(f)iv above will be
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Note Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall
specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.
No later than notifying the Note Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Note Trustee a
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:
i.
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Benchmark
Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(f); and
ii.
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary to
ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment.
vi.
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this
Condition 7(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or
(B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would
have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).
(g)
Interest—Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR
i.
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant
Final Terms as being “€STR”.
ii.
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each
Interest Determination Date.
iii.
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g):
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in
177

--- Page 179 ---
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in:
i.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant
Interest Period; or
ii.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms,
the relevant Observation Period;
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is
specified, 360);
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in:
i.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant
Interest Period; or
ii.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms,
the relevant Observation Period;
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to the
daily Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European
Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of
the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or
provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time
specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the
European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate);
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for:
i.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the TARGET
Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement
Day “i”; or
ii.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms,
the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”.
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET Settlement Day
in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in:
i.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant
Interest Period; or
ii.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms,
the relevant Observation Period;
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period;
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as
applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day “i”
up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day;
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) the date
falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the final
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date
falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment
178

--- Page 180 ---
Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and
payable; and
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of TARGET
Settlement Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) in the
relevant Final Terms (being a minimum of 5 TARGET Settlement Days unless otherwise agreed by the
Calculation Agent).
i.
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any Rate of
Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g)(ii) above, in respect of any TARGET
Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined,
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such
TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank
on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent.
ii.
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of Interest
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(g)(ii), the Rate
of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).
(h)
Interest—SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index
Where “Index Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of
Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest
Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula:
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where:
“Compounded Index” shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Compounded
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index
Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is
determined;
“End” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is
excluded from such Interest Period);
“Index Days” means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, in the
case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days;
“Numerator” means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the SOFR
Compounded Index, 360;
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR
Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be,
0.00000005 being rounded upwards); and
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified and
agreed by the Calculation Agent shall be five.
179

--- Page 181 ---
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 (London
time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England’s
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source;
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 15:00 (New York
time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and
“Start” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, if, with
respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant Compounded Index either
on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that
Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f),
as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case “Observation Shift” had
been specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift
Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) (as applicable) shall be
deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance
of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the provisions
of Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) shall apply.
(i)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(j)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a
“sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.
(k)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it,
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to
listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also
promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest
Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum
Specified Denomination.
(l)
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and
discretions for such purposes.
(m) Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable in
accordance with Condition 14 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period
during which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of
Conditions 7(e), 7(f), 7(g) and 7(h), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which
the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so
long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Note Trust Deed.
180

--- Page 182 ---
(n)
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate is
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the
Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains
to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours
to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate,
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(n)(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(n)(ii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance
with Condition 7(n)(iii)).
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the
Issuer, the Note Trustee, Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this
Condition 7(n)) and the Note Trustee will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense
which may arise as a result thereof
(i)
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:
a.
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in
Condition 7(n)(i)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period and all
following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n) in the event
of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or
b.
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(n)(i)) subsequently be used in place of the
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for
the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation
of this Condition 7(n) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.
(ii) If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of,
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread
shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
(iii) If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance
with this Condition 7(n) and the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (i) that amendments
to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in
accordance with Condition 7(n)(iv), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from
the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Note Trustee shall, at the
direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the
Note Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as the Note Trustee may be required in
order to give effect to this Condition 7(n)).
(iv) If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent Adviser
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in
accordance with this Condition 7(n) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference
Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last
preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the
Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance
of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(n)(iv) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period
only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this
Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)).
(v)
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark
Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(n) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the
Note Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 22
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the
Benchmark Amendments, if any.
181

--- Page 183 ---
(vi) No later than notifying the Note Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Note Trustee a
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:
a.
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, as the
case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment
Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(n); and
b.
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper
operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and
(2) the intent of the drafting of such changes is solely to implement the relevant Benchmark
Amendments.
The Note Trustee and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry
and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof.
(vii) The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in
the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any)
and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Note Trustee and Principal
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(viii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(n), the Note Trustee, the Calculation Agent or
any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any
changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 7(n) to which, in the sole opinion of the
Note Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Note Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the
relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Note Trust Deed, Agency Agreement and/or these
Conditions.
(ix)
As used in this Condition 7(n):
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is required
to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the
spread, formula or methodology which:
i.
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by
any Relevant Nominating Body; or
ii.
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or
iii.
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or
iv.
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser
determines in accordance with this Condition 7(n) is customary in market usage in the international debt
capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part
thereof) in the Specified Currency;
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(n)(iii);
182

--- Page 184 ---
“Benchmark Event” means:
A.
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result
of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or
B.
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of
such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely
or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”); or
C.
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
D.
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that
means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”),
be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or
E.
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a specified
future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be no longer representative of an underlying
market; or
F.
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for the
Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the
relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable).
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement within
sub-paragraphs B., C., D., or E. above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six
months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the
date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the
Issuer at its own expense;
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
A.
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates,
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
B.
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board
or any part thereof; and
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
8. Zero Coupon Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the
sum of:
i.
the Reference Price; and
ii.
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on the
basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding)
183

--- Page 185 ---
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the
Note Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).
9. Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event
(a)
Application: This Condition 9 applies if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) or Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable
(“Sustainability-Linked Notes”).
i.
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being
applicable, for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately
following the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, the Rate of Interest shall be
increased by the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin(s).
ii.
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, if a
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall pay to the holder of each Note an amount
equal to the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount(s) on the relevant Sustainability-Linked
Premium Payment Date.
(b)
Occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event: If a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has
occurred, the Issuer shall give notice of such Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event and (x) if Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the relevant
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin(s); or (y) if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium
Amount(s), to the Note Trustee, the Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable following the publication of the SPT Verification Assurance
Certificate for the year ending on the Target Observation Date in accordance with Condition 9(d), if
applicable, and in any event such notice shall be given to the Note Trustee, the Agents and the
Noteholders not later than the date falling 15 Business Days prior to the relevant Sustainability-Linked
Reference Date.
Each of the Note Trustee and each Agent shall be bound to accept any determination of the Issuer and any
notice given pursuant to this Condition 9 and any determination, calculation or confirmation of the
External Verifier and the Determination Agent (including, without limitation, the Limited Assurance
Report) and neither the Note Trustee nor the Agents shall have any liability to any person for so doing.
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in respect
of any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes as a result of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (or, if
more than one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being
applicable, no more than once as a result of each Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event), (ii) no more than
one Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall be payable as a result of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger
Event (or, if more than one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as
being applicable, no more than one Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall be payable as a result of
each Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event), (iii) if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, no Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall
be payable as a result of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, and (iv) if Sustainability-Linked Trigger
Event (Premium) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, no increase in the Rate of
Interest shall occur as a result of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event.
(c)
Annual reporting: For each financial year ending on 31 December from and including the financial year
during which the Issue Date of any Sustainability-Linked Notes falls up to and including the financial year
in which the Target Observation Date falls in respect of such Notes, the Issuer will publish on its website a
Sustainability Performance Report or other document (each such report or other document, a
“Sustainability Performance Report”), which shall disclose:
i.
(a) the Issuer’s GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is
specified in the applicable Final Terms); and/or (b) the Issuer's GHG Emissions (Scope 3) (where
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case as
of 31 December in each year and as determined by the Issuer in accordance with these
Conditions; and
184

--- Page 186 ---
ii.
if applicable, the occurrence of any Recalculation Event and the related amended Sustainability
Performance Baseline(s) resulting from the occurrence of any such Recalculation Event.
Each such Sustainability Performance Report shall include or be accompanied by a limited assurance
report issued by the External Verifier (a “Limited Assurance Report”). Each Sustainability Performance
Report and related Limited Assurance Report will be made available in the Issuer's annual sustainability
report published on the Issuer's website no later than 150 days after the end of the relevant financial year.
(d)
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate: For the financial year in which the Target Observation Date falls,
the Issuer will publish on its website a verification assurance certificate by the External Verifier (such
report, the “SPT Verification Assurance Certificate”), which shall confirm whether the Issuer has
achieved the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) on the Target Observation Date and specify
whether any amendments or recalculations were made following the occurrence of a Recalculation Event
(if any). The SPT Verification Assurance Certificate will be published no later than the Notification
Deadline.
(e)
Definitions: In this Condition 9:
“External Verifier” means any external independent accounting or appraisal firm or other independent
expert of internationally recognised standing appointed by the Issuer, in each case with the expertise
necessary to perform the functions required to be performed by the External Verifier under these
Conditions, as determined by the Issuer;
“GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2)” relates to the greenhouse gas emissions of the Issuer and is equal to
the sum of the Issuer's Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, as determined by the Issuer, calculated in line with
the GHG Protocol Standard and expressed in tCO2e;
“GHG Emissions (Scope 3)” relates to the greenhouse gas emissions of the Issuer and is equal to the
Issuer’s Scope 3 emissions, as determined by the Issuer, calculated in line with the GHG Protocol
Standard and expressed in tCO2e;
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document entitled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the World Business Council for
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated from time to time);
“MWh” means megawatt hour;
“Notification Deadline” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or the date falling 5 Business
Days prior to the relevant Sustainability-Linked Reference Date;
“Recalculation Event” means the occurrence of;
(i)
a significant change to the structure of the Issuer and its subsidiaries; or
(ii) a significant change in methodology in calculation of (a) GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (where
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms); and/or (b) GHG
Emissions (Scope 3) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable
Final Terms) that requires a recalculation of GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (where Sustainability
Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or GHG Emissions
(Scope 3) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the applicable Final Terms)
for any reporting year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any past reporting year), in each case as
determined in good faith by the Issuer;
“Scope 1” means the greenhouse gas emissions emitted by the Issuer in absolute value, expressed in
tCO2e, corresponding to direct emissions from the emissions fuel in the Issuer’s vehicles, the oil in the
Issuer’s backup generators and other energy sources used by the Issuer in its operations;
“Scope 2” means the greenhouse gas emissions emitted by the Issuer in absolute value, expressed in
tCO2e, corresponding to indirect emissions from the electricity the Issuer purchases to power its
operations and the heat from district heating;
“Scope 3” means the greenhouse gas emissions emitted by the Issuer in absolute value, expressed in
tCO2e, corresponding to indirect emissions generated in the Issuer’s upstream and downstream value chain
that result from the Issuer’s operations;
“Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount” means the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount (SPT1)
(where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the
185

--- Page 187 ---
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount (SPT2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is
specified in the applicable Final Terms), as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and, each such
premium amount, the “relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount”;
“Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount (SPT1)” is the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms
as being the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount (SPT1);
“Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount (SPT2)” is the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms
as being the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount (SPT2);
“Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as
being the Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date;
“Sustainability-Linked Reference Date” means the Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (SPT1) (where
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or Sustainability-
Linked Reference Date (SPT2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified in the
applicable Final Terms), and each such date, the “relevant Sustainability-Linked Reference Date”;
“Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (SPT1)” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as
being the Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (SPT1);
“Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (SPT2)” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as
being the Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (SPT2);
“Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin” means the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin (SPT1)
(where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or the
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin (SPT2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is
specified in the applicable Final Terms), as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, each such margin,
the “relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin”;
“Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin (SPT1)” means the amount specified in the applicable Final
Terms as being the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin (SPT1);
“Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin (SPT2)” means the amount specified in the applicable Final
Terms as being the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin (SPT2);
“Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event” means the occurrence of (i) a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event
(SPT1) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or
(ii) a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (SPT2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is
specified in the applicable Final Terms), and each such event, the “relevant Sustainability-Linked
Trigger Event”;
“Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (SPT1)” means either (i) the Issuer does not achieve the
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) on the Target Observation Date as determined by the External
Verifier and confirmed in the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, (ii) the Issuer has not published the
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate on or before the Notification Deadline, or (iii) the SPT Verification
Assurance Certificate contains a reservation about whether or not the Sustainability Performance Target
has been achieved on the Target Observation Date;
“Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (SPT2)” means either (i) the Issuer does not achieve the
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) on the Target Observation Date as determined by the External
Verifier and confirmed in the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, (ii) the Issuer has not published the
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate on or before the Notification Deadline, or (iii) the SPT Verification
Assurance Certificate contains a reservation about whether or not the Sustainability Performance Target
has been achieved on the Target Observation Date;
“Sustainability Performance Baseline” means (i) the Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT1) (where
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) is specified in the applicable Final Terms), and/or (ii) the
Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT2) (where Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) is specified
in the applicable Final Terms), as specified in the applicable Final Terms and each such target, the
“relevant Sustainability Performance Baseline”;
“Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT1)” means the GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) expressed in
tCO2e for the reporting year 2020, being 81,504 tco2e, as initially reported in the Issuer’s annual report
and sustainability report for the year ended 31 December 2020 and as may be amended from time to time
186

--- Page 188 ---
following the occurrence of a Recalculation Event and, if so amended, published in a Sustainability
Performance Report in accordance with Condition 9(c);
“Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT2)” means the GHG Emissions (Scope 3) expressed in tCO2e
for the reporting year 2020, being 109,633 tco2e, as initially reported in the Issuer’s annual report and
sustainability report for the year ended 31 December 2020 and as may be amended from time to time
following the occurrence of a Recalculation Event and, if so amended, published in a Sustainability
Performance Report in accordance with Condition 9(c);
“Sustainability Performance Target” means the Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) and/or the
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2), as specified in the applicable Final Terms and each such target,
the “relevant Sustainability Performance Target”;
“Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1)” means a reduction of GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2)
from the Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT1) equal to or higher than the percentage specified in
the applicable Final Terms as being the Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1);
“Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2)” means a reduction of GHG Emissions (Scope 3) from the
Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT2) equal to or higher than the percentage specified in the
applicable Final Terms as being the Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2);
“Target Observation Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Target
Observation Date; and
“tCO2e” means metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent.
10. Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11
(Payments—Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments—Registered Notes).
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in
part:
i.
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as
being applicable); or
ii.
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final
Terms as being applicable),
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as
may be specified in the relevant final terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption
Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date Fixed for redemption, if, immediately
before giving such notice, the Issuer satisfies the Note Trustee that:
i.
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in
Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of
Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and
(2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or
ii.
the Guarantor has or (if a demand was made under a Guarantee of the Notes) would become obliged
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Denmark or any political subdivision or any
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction),
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the
Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Guarantor taking reasonable measures
available to it,
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than:
i.
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be
specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer or the
Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the
187

--- Page 189 ---
Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under a Guarantee of the Notes were then
made; or
ii.
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such other
period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date
occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as
the case may be) a demand under a Guarantee of the Notes were then made.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver
or procure that there is delivered or procure that there is delivered to the Note Trustee a certificate
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred.
The Note Trustee shall be entitled without further enquiry to accept such certificate as sufficient
evidence of the satisfaction of the circumstances set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive
and binding on the Noteholders.
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(b).
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than
30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable, but may (at the option of the Issuer) be
conditional on one or more conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer, and shall oblige
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together,
if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at
one of:
i.
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or
ii.
the Make Whole Redemption Price.
The “Make Whole Redemption Price” will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be:
a)
if “Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final
Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes and
(ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as
reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross
Redemption Yield to maturity (or, if applicable, to the Par Redemption Date) on such Notes on the
Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to
the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus
(y) the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent; or
b)
if “Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms an
amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes and (ii) the
principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in
writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to maturity (or, if
applicable, yield to the Par Redemption Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the
sum of (x) the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus (y) the
Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent,
provided however that, in the case of either (a) or (b) above, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call)
occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make-Whole
Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes.
(d)
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with
Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be
redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Principal Paying Agent approves
and in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by
188

--- Page 190 ---
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders
referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of
the Notes so to be redeemed and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in
the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on
such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the
relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(e)
Issuer Residual Call: If “Issuer Residual Call” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable,
and if, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued
pursuant to Condition 21 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series shall
be deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining
outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final
Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than
30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final
Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional
Redemption Amount (Residual Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding)
the date of redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this
Condition 10(e) (Issuer Residual Call), the Issuer shall deliver to the Note Trustee a certificate signed by
two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is
20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued. The Note Trustee shall
be entitled to accept such certificate without further enquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the
condition precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders
and the Couponholders.
(f)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the
option contained in this Condition 10(f), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than
60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified
in the relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured
Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying
Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option
Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in
accordance with this Condition 10(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due
presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption
moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the
depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put
Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a
Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying
Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes.
(g)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in
paragraphs (a) to (e) above.
(h)
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date
shall be an amount equal to the sum of:
i.
the Reference Price; and
ii.
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date Fixed for redemption or (as the case may
be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable.
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may
189

--- Page 191 ---
be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day
Count Fraction of 30E/360.
(i)
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the
option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation (provided that, if the Notes are to be
cancelled, they are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to
them).
(j)
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries and
any unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talons attached to or surrendered with them shall be
cancelled and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to paragraph (h) (Purchase) above
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons cancelled with them) may not be reissued
or resold.
11. Payments—Bearer Notes
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Bearer Notes.
(a)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United
States by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the
Principal Financial Centre of that currency.
(b)
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation and
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of
any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above.
(c)
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United
States law.
(d)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the
provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.
(e)
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or
Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(f)
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate
Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating
thereto:
i.
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal due
for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from the
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment;
ii.
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for
payment:
a.
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will result
in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”)
being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this
190

--- Page 192 ---
sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and
b.
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment;
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of
principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of
the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for
payment.
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant
missing Coupons.
(g)
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 13(g) is applicable or
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or
early
redemption
in
whole
of
such
Note
pursuant
to
Condition
10(b)
(Redemption
and
Purchase—Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption and Purchase—Redemption at the
option
of
the
Issuer),
Condition
10(e)
(Redemption
and
Purchase—Issuer
Residual
Call),
Condition 10(f) (Redemption and Purchase—Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 14
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof.
(h)
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.
(i)
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above).
(j)
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and
date of such payment.
(k)
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet
(including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have
already become void pursuant to Condition 16 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any
Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be
delivered in respect of such Talon.
12. Payments—Registered Notes
This Condition 12 is only applicable to Registered Notes.
(i)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or,
if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by
the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque,
a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office
of any Paying Agent.
(ii) Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if
that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by
the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque,
a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on
redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant
Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.
(iii) Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases to
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the
191

--- Page 193 ---
provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.
(iv) Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of
such payments.
(v)
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding
Payment Business Day) will be initiated. A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any
interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from the due date for a payment not
being a Payment Business Day.
(vi) Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer
shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of
partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the
date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate.
(vii) Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar’s Specified Office on the
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”). Where payment in respect of a
Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address
of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date.
13. Taxation
a)
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf
of the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of
such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as
the case may be) the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the
Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:
i.
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the
jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected,
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
ii.
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment more
than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or Coupon
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or
Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days.
b)
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction
other than Denmark, references in these Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to
Denmark and/or such other jurisdiction.
14. Events of Default
If any Event of Default (as set out in the Common Terms Agreement) occurs, where permitted to do so in
accordance with the STID, the Note Trustee: (i) may, at any time, at its discretion and (ii) shall, upon being so
directed in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in aggregate outstanding principal amount of any class
of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of any class of the Noteholders
deliver a notice (the “Note Acceleration Notice”) to the Issuer provided that, in both cases, it is indemnified
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.
192

--- Page 194 ---
Upon delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice, the Notes then outstanding shall thereby immediately become
due and repayable at their respective outstanding principal amount plus accrued but unpaid interest as provided
in the Note Trust Deed.
15. Enforcement against the Issuer and the Guarantor
Subject to the STID, the Note Trustee may, at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such steps,
action or proceedings under or in connection with any of the Transaction Documents as it may think fit,
provided that:
i.
the Note Trustee shall not be bound to take any such steps, action or proceedings unless it shall have
been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or so directed in writing by the
holders of at least one-quarter in aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes; and
ii.
the Note Trustee shall not be bound to take any such steps, action or proceedings unless it shall have
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
No Noteholder is entitled to take any action against the Issuer, the Guarantor or against any assets of the Issuer
or the Guarantor to enforce its rights in respect of the Notes or to enforce any of the Security unless the
Note Trustee or, as the case may be, the Security Agent, having become bound so to proceed, fails or neglects
to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or neglect is continuing.
16. Prescription
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the
appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall
become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the
appropriate Relevant Date.
17. Replacement of Notes and Coupons
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at
the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of
Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable
laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence,
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes,
Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
18. Note Trustee and Agents
Under the Note Trust Deed, the Note Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and relieved from responsibility in
certain circumstances and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the Noteholders. In
addition, the Note Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor and any
entity relating to the Issuer or the Guarantor without accounting for any profit.
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Note Trust Deed, the Note Trustee
will have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and will not be responsible for any consequence
for individual Holders of Notes as a result of such Holders being connected in any way with a particular
territory or taxing jurisdiction.
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents act
solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and (to the extent provided therein) the Note Trustee and do
not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or
Couponholders.
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right with the prior approval of
the Note Trustee any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor
193

--- Page 195 ---
principal paying agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided,
however, that:
i.
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a principal paying agent and a registrar; and
ii.
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at
all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and
iii.
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent
and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the
Noteholders.
19. Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver, Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Note Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders
to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions.
Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be
convened by the Issuer, the Guarantor or by the Note Trustee and shall be convened by the Note Trustee
upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal
amount of the outstanding Notes subject to the Note Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution
will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount
of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that
Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of
Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any
adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum.
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and
Couponholders, whether present or not and whether or not they voted in favour of such Extraordinary
Resolution.
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method
(which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Note Trustee may
determine in accordance with the provisions of the Note Trust Deed.
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders under the Note Trust Deed will take effect as if it
were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
(b)
Relationship with Secured Creditors
The STID provides that in respect of, among other things, Ordinary Voting Matters and Extraordinary
Voting Matters, Direction Notices, Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction Notices and STID Proposals
(each as defined in the STID), holders of the Notes shall be entitled to instruct the Note Trustee how to
vote.
Voting in connection with Ordinary Voting Matters and Extraordinary Voting Matters, Direction Notices,
Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction Notices and STID Proposals shall be determined on a euro-for-
euro basis by reference to the outstanding principal amount owed to each of the relevant Participating
Qualifying Secured Creditors, so that all votes in favour of the proposal and against the proposal from the
Participating Qualifying Secured Creditors and the other Participating Qualifying Secured Creditors who
are not Noteholders are considered on an aggregated basis, irrespective of whether a majority of such
holders of Notes are in favour of or against the proposal.
For the purpose of voting in connection with an Ordinary Voting Matter, an Extraordinary Voting Matter, a
Direction Notice, a Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction Notice or a STID Proposal, TDC NET or, as
the case may be, the Security Agent shall send a copy of such proposal or request for instructions to the
Secured Creditor Representatives. The Note Trustee shall promptly forward a copy of such notice to the
holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) requesting them to instruct the
194

--- Page 196 ---
Note Trustee how to vote. After obtaining the instructions of the holders of the Notes, the Note Trustee
will vote in relation to the relevant Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary Voting Matter, Direction Notice,
Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction Notice or STID Proposal in accordance with such instructions.
Subject as provided in the STID, where the holder of any particular outstanding principal amount of any
Notes instructs the Note Trustee to vote, the Note Trustee shall vote in respect of the same outstanding
principal amount of the Notes.
Irrespective of the result of voting by the Noteholders in relation to a proposed Ordinary Voting Matter,
Extraordinary Voting Matter, Direction Notice, Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction Notice or STID
Proposal, any matter or action which is the subject of such Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary Voting
Matter, Direction Notice, Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction Notice or STID Proposal approved in
accordance with the provisions of the STID shall be binding on all of the Noteholders and Couponholders.
If a STID Proposal gives rise to an Entrenched Right whereby any Noteholders are an Affected Secured
Creditor, the Note Trustee shall, subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its
satisfaction, forthwith, in accordance with the Note Trust Deed, convene a meeting of the holders of each
Series of Notes then outstanding and affected by such Entrenched Right.
No STID Proposal that gives rise to an Entrenched Right whereby any Noteholders are an Affected
Secured Creditor can be approved, in accordance with the terms of the STID, unless it has previously been
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of Series of Notes affected by the Entrenched
Right.
(c)
Modification and waiver: The Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree to any
modification of these Conditions, the Notes, the Note Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or the
Transaction Documents (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) which is, in the opinion of the
Note Trustee, proper to make if, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, such modification will not be
materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders and to any modification of these Conditions, the
Notes, the Note Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or the Transaction Documents which is of a formal,
minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error
In addition, the Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, authorise or waive any
proposed breach or breach of these Conditions, the Notes, the Note Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or
the Transaction Documents (other than a proposed breach or breach relating to the subject of a Reserved
Matter) if, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially
prejudiced thereby.
In addition, pursuant to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), certain changes
may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as
otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Note Trustee or the
Noteholders.
Unless the Note Trustee agrees otherwise, any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be notified
to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter.
(d)
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions under which the Guarantor or a subsidiary of the
Guarantor may, without the consent of the Noteholders, assume the obligations of the Issuer as principal
debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes provided that certain conditions specified in the Trust Deed are
fulfilled, including, in the case of a substitution of the Issuer by a company other than the Guarantor, a
requirement that the Guarantee of the Notes is fully effective in relation to the obligations of the new
principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. No Noteholder shall, in connection with any
substitution, be entitled to claim any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence thereof
for such Noteholder, except to the extent provided for in Condition 13 (Taxation) (or any undertaking
given in addition to or substitution for it pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed).
20. Enforcement
Subject to the STID, the Note Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such
proceedings as it thinks fit to enforce its rights under the Note Trust Deed in respect of the Notes, but it shall
not be bound to do so unless:
i.
it has been so requested in writing by the Holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate principal
amount of the outstanding Notes or has been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution; and
ii.
it has been indemnified or provided with security to its satisfaction.
195

--- Page 197 ---
No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor unless the Note Trustee, having
become bound to do so, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing.
21. Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders and in
accordance with the Note Trust Deed, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series
with the Notes. The Issuer may from time to time with the consent of the Note Trustee, create and issue other
series of notes having the benefit of the Note Trust Deed.
22. Notices
(a)
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the
Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of
applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is
expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange
(www.bourse.lu) or, in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language
daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been
given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the
first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer
Notes.
(b)
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register
and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a
requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices to Noteholders will be published on the date of such
mailing in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or, if
such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date
of mailing.
23. Currency Indemnity
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable
under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer
shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a
result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question
from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a
sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof.
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate
and independent cause of action.
24. Rounding
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded
up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be
rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and
(d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded
to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards.
196

--- Page 198 ---
25. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law: The Notes, the Note Trust Deed and the STID and all non-contractual obligations arising
out of or in connection with the Notes, the Note Trust Deed or the STID are governed by English law.
(b)
Jurisdiction: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has in the Note Trust Deed (i) agreed that the courts of
England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) arising out of or in connection
with the Notes; (ii) agreed that those courts are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any
Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue that any other courts are more appropriate or convenient;
(iii) designated a person in England to accept service of any process on its behalf. The Note Trust Deed
also states that nothing contained in the Note Trust Deed prevents the Note Trustee or any of the
Noteholders from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts with
jurisdiction and that, to the extent allowed by law, the Note Trustee or any of the Noteholders may take
concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
197

--- Page 199 ---
20. FORM OF FINAL TERMS
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS—The Notes are not intended to be offered,
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as
amended, “EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “EU
Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU
PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS—The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”)
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market— Solely for the
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); and (ii) all
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market—Solely for the
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal)
Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a
“distributor”)] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and
determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification— Solely for the purposes of its obligations
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are “prescribed capital
markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]
198

--- Page 200 ---
Final Terms dated [
●
]
TDC NET A/S
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 549300SH2G3R15Y3FX20
Guaranteed by
TDC NET Holding A/S
under the EUR 3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A—CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”)
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2022 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [
●
]
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the EU Prospectus
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the
relevant information.
The Base Prospectus has been published on www.tdcnet.dk.
The expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for
completing the Final Terms.
1.
(i)
Series Number:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]
(iii)
Date on which the Notes become fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated,
form a single series and be interchangeable for
trading purposes with the [●] on [[●]/the Issue
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred
to in paragraph 22 below [which is expected to
occur on or about [●]].
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[●]
(i)
Series:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche:
[●]
4.
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount
[plus accrued interest from [●]
5.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the
Specified Denomination, if more than one Specified
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.
Note: There must be a common factor in the case
of two or more Specified Denominations)
6.
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable]]
199

--- Page 201 ---
7.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant
month and year]
8.
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[●][EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/CIBOR/
€STR]+/–[●] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below)
9.
Sustainability-Linked Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(see paragraph [17] below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the
Maturity Date at [●]/[100] per cent. of their
nominal amount.
11.
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15
below and identify there/Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Issuer Residual Call—Applicable/Not Applicable]
[See paragraph [17/18/19] below)]
13.
[(i)]
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of
Notes and Guarantee [respectively]]
obtained:
[●] [and [●], respectively
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar)
authorisation is required for the particular tranche
of Notes or related Guarantee)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each
Interest Payment Date
OR
[Initial Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Fixed Coupon Amount for a short or long
Interest Period (“Broken Amount(s)”)
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)]
(vi)
Ratings Step down in accordance with
Condition 6(e):
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Specified Period:
[●]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[●]
200

--- Page 202 ---
(iii)
[First Interest Payment Date]:
[●]
(iv)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention]
(v)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(vi)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/
are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(vii)
Party responsible for calculating the
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest
Amount(s) (if not the Principal Paying
Agent):
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent
(viii)
Screen Rate Determination:
•
Reference Rate:
[●][●] [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/CIBOR/€STR]
•
Observation Method:
•
Lag Period:
•
Observation Shift Period:
•
D:
•
Index Determination
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
•
SONIA Compounded Index
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
•
SOFR Compounded Index
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
•
Relevant Decimal Place
[●] / [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the
SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh
decimal place in the case of the SOFR
Compounded Index)
•
Relevant Number of Index Days
[●] / [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5)
[END OF OPTION]
•
Interest Determination Date(s):
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest
Period]/[●] [London Banking Days/
U.S. Government Securities Business Days/
TARGET Settlement Days] prior to each Interest
Payment Date]
•
Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
•
Relevant Time:
[●]
•
Relevant Financial Centre:
[●]
(ix)
ISDA Determination:
•
Floating Rate Option:
[●]
•
Designated Maturity:
[●]
•
Reset Date:
[●]/[the first day of the relevant Interest Period]
•
[2021 ISDA Definitions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
•
[Applicable Benchmark
[●/ Not Applicable]
•
[Fixing Day
[●]]
•
[Fixing Time
[●]]
201

--- Page 203 ---
•
[Any other terms relating to the 2021
ISDA Definitions
[●]/ Not Applicable]
(x)
[Linear interpolation
Not Applicable/Applicable—the Rate of Interest
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify
for each short or long interest period)]
(xi)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less
than zero]/ The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not
be less than [●] per cent. per annum]
(xiii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Day Count Fraction:
[●]
[(xv)
Party responsible for calculating the
amount of interest payable for any Rate
Adjustment under Condition 6(e): ]
[The Principal Paying Agent/other] shall be the
Calculation Agent.
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Accrual Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
(iii)
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early
Redemption Amount:
[●]
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)]
17.
Sustainability-Linked Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event:
[Applicable – Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event
(Interest)/Applicable – Sustainability-Linked
Trigger Event (Premium)/Not Applicable]
(ii)
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1):
[Reduction of GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2)
from the Sustainability Performance Baseline
(SPT1) of [●] per cent./Not Applicable]
(iii)
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2):
[Reduction of GHG Emissions (Scope 3) from the
Sustainability Performance Baseline (SPT2) of
[●] per cent./Not Applicable]
(v)
Target Observation Date:
Sustainability Performance Target
(SPT1): [31 December [●]/Not Applicable]
Sustainability Performance Target
(SPT2): [31 December [●]/Not Applicable]
(vi)
Notification Deadline:
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1): [[●]/Not
Applicable]
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2): [[●]/Not
Applicable]
(vi)
Sustainability-Linked Reference Date
(SPT1):
[The first day of the Interest Period following the
Interest Period in which the Target Observation
Date falls/[●]/Not Applicable]
(vi)
Sustainability-Linked Reference Date
(SPT2):
[The first day of the Interest Period following the
Interest Period in which the Target Observation
Date falls/[●]/Not Applicable]
202

--- Page 204 ---
[(vii)
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin
(SPT1):
[●] per cent. per annum (Only applicable if
paragraph 17(i) is applicable, specifies
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) and
specifies Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event
(Interest), and if paragraph 17(i) is not applicable
or does not specify Sustainability Performance
Target (SPT1) and Sustainability-Linked Trigger
Event (Interest), this can be deleted)]
[(vii)
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin
(SPT2):
[●] per cent. per annum (Only applicable if
paragraph 17(i) is applicable, specifies
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) and
specifies Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event
(Interest), and if paragraph 17(i) is not applicable
or does not specify Sustainability Performance
Target (SPT2) and Sustainability-Linked Trigger
Event (Interest), this can be deleted)]
[(viii)
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount
(SPT1):
[●] per Calculation Amount (Only applicable if
paragraph 17(i) is applicable, specifies
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT1) and
specifies Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event
(Premium), and if paragraph 17(i) is not
applicable or does not specify Sustainability
Performance Target (SPT1) and Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Premium), this can be
deleted)]
[(viii)
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount
(SPT2):
[●] per Calculation Amount (Only applicable if
paragraph 17(i) is applicable, specifies
Sustainability Performance Target (SPT2) and
specifies Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event
(Premium), and if paragraph 17(i) is not
applicable or does not specify Sustainability
Performance Target (SPT2) and Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Premium), this can be
deleted)]
[(ix)
Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment
Date:
[●]] (Only applicable if paragraph 17(i) is
applicable and specifies Sustainability-Linked
Trigger Event (Premium), and if paragraph 17(i) is
not applicable or does not specify Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Premium), this can be
deleted)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each
Note:
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole
Redemption Price]/
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates
falling on [●]/[in the period from and including
[date]]
[(iii) Make Whole Redemption Price:
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount /
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not
Applicable]
[(a)
Reference Bond:
[Insert applicable Reference Bond]
[(b)
Quotation Time:
[●]
203

--- Page 205 ---
[(c)
Redemption Margin:
[●] per cent.
[(d)
Reference Dealers:
[●]
[(e)
Par Redemption Date:
[●]/Not Applicable
(iii) Redemption in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum Redemption Amount
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv) Notice period:
[●]
19.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each
Note and method, if any, of calculation of
such amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
[●]
20.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[●] per Calculation Amount
21.
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation
Amount payable on redemption for taxation
reasons or on event of default or other early
redemption:
[Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
22.
Form of Notes:
Bearer Notes:
[[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in
the limited circumstances specified in the
Permanent Global Note]]
[[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice]]
[[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in
the limited circumstances specified in the
Permanent Global Note]]
Registered Notes:
Global Registered Note exchangeable for
Individual Note Certificates on [●] days’ notice/at
any time/in the limited circumstances described in
the Global Registered Note]
[[and]]
[Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [●] nominal
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for
[a common depositary for Euroclear and
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that
is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure).]]
23.
New Global Note:
[Yes] [No][/[Not Applicable]]
204

--- Page 206 ---
24.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special
provisions relating to payment dates:
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not
the end dates of interest periods for the purposes
of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(v) relates]
25.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons
mature):
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon
payments are left.]
Signed on behalf of TDC NET A/S:
By:
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of TDC NET Holding A/S:
By:
Duly authorised
205

--- Page 207 ---
PART B—OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Admission to Trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf)
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant
regulated
market, third country
market,
SME Growth
Market or MTF] with effect from [●].] [Application is
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the
Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant
regulated
market, third country
market,
SME Growth
Market or MTF] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that
original Notes are already admitted to trading.)
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to
admission to trading:
[
]
2.
RATINGS
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be]
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]:
Ratings:
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]]
[Moody’s: [●]]
[Fitch: [●]]
[[Other]: [●]]
Option 1—CRA established in the EEA and registered
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA
Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the
“EU CRA Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the
latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert
legal
name
of
particular credit
rating
agency
entity
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU)
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the
United
Kingdom
by
virtue
of
the
European
Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] /
[[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU)
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the
United
Kingdom
by
virtue
of
the
European
Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation ”).]/
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the
United
Kingdom
by
virtue
of
the
European
Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a
206

--- Page 208 ---
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered
under the CRA Regulation (UK).]
Option 2—CRA established in the EEA, not registered
under the CRA Regulation but has applied for registration
and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating
agency established and registered in the UK or certified
under the CRA Regulation (UK)
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as
amended (the “CRA Regulation”), although notification of
the corresponding registration decision has not yet been
provided by the [relevant competent authority] /[European
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal name of
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating]
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on
the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU)
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the
United
Kingdom
by
virtue
of
the
European
Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “CRA Regulation (UK)”).]
/[[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency
entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the
United
Kingdom
by
virtue
of
the
European
Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “CRA Regulation (UK)”).]/
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the
United
Kingdom
by
virtue
of
the
European
Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “CRA Regulation (UK)”)
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered
under the CRA Regulation (UK).]
Option 3—CRA established in the EEA, not registered
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a
credit rating agency established and registered in the UK
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither
registered
nor
has
it
applied
for
registration
under
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU
CRA Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular credit
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating]
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of
207

--- Page 209 ---
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA
Regulation (UK)”).] /[[Insert legal name of particular
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA
Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]
Option 4—CRA established in the UK and registered
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established
and registered in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA
Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA
Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing
rating] has given to the Notes to be issued under the
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and
registered
under
Regulation
(EU)
No
1060/2009,
as
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).] [[Insert legal
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing
rating]
has
been
certified
under
Regulation
(EU)
No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).]
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation
(EU)
No
1060/2009,
as
amended
(the
“UK
CRA
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]
Option 5—CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established
and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR
under the CRA Regulation (UK)
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK
but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under
the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and
registered
under
Regulation
(EU)
No
1060/2009,
as
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)] [and][[insert legal
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by
208

--- Page 210 ---
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the
“UK CRA Regulation”)].
Option 6—CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation
(EU) or the CRA Regulation (UK) but CRA is certified
under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA
Regulation (UK)
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK
but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)][and][ Regulation
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the
United
Kingdom
by
virtue
of
the
European
Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”].
Option 7—CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK
CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK
and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009,
as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or Regulation
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the
United
Kingdom
by
virtue
of
the
European
Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a
credit rating agency established in either the EEA and
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the
inclusion of the statement below:)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates in
the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
[Fixed Rate Notes only—YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
209

--- Page 211 ---
Names and addresses of additional
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
Relevant Benchmark[s]:
OPTION—EU
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal
name]][repeat
as
necessary].
As
at
the
date
hereof,
[[administrator
legal
name][appears]/[does
not
appear]][repeat
as
necessary]
in
the
register
of
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As
far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the EU
Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU)
2016/1011,
as
amended
apply,
such
that
[name
of
administrator]
is
not
currently
required
to
obtain
authorisation/registration
(or,
if
located
outside
the
European
Union,
recognition,
endorsement
or
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable]
OPTION—UK
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal
name]][repeat
as
necessary].
As
at
the
date
hereof,
[[administrator
legal
name][appears]/[does
not
appear]][repeat
as
necessary]
in
the
register
of
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained
by
the
FCA
pursuant
to
[Article
36]
(Register
of
administrators and benchmarks) of the UK Benchmarks
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope
of the UK Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of UK
Benchmark
Regulation
apply,
such
that
[name
of
administrator]
is
not
currently
required
to
obtain
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the UK,
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable]
END OF OPTION
[Intended to be held in a manner which
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[ [[, and registered in the
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common
safekeeper] [include this text for registered notes]] and does
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem
eligibility criteria have been met.]/
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[[[, and
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs
acting
as
common
safekeeper]
[include
this
text
for
registered notes]]. Note that this does not necessarily
210

--- Page 212 ---
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
6.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of Distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
[Not Applicable/give names]
(ii) If syndicated:
(A) Names of Dealers
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if any:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer:
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2];
(In the case of Bearer Notes)—[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/
TEFRA not applicable]
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail
Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products,
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be
specified.)
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail
Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products,
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute
“packaged” products, “Applicable” should be specified.)
7.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF
PROCEEDS
Reasons for the offer:
[
] [See [“Use of Proceeds”] in Base Prospectus“/Give
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base
Prospectus , give details here.]
Estimated net proceeds:
[
]
211

--- Page 213 ---
21. SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
21.1 Clearing System Accountholders
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so
long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper.
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by
or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or
common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper.
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an
“Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer or the
Guarantor to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which,
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note or Global Registered Note will be
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other
relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global
Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or the
Guarantor in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor will
be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note.
21.2 Conditions applicable to Global Notes
Each Global Note or Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions
of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of
certain of those provisions:
Payments:
All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon
will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued
thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and
will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On
each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer
shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the
payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Payment Business Day:
In the case of a Global Note or Global Registered Note, shall be: if the currency of
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not
euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.
Payment Record Date:
Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System
Business Day” means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held
is open for business.
Exercise of put option:
In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option
of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must,
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written
notice of such exercise to the Principal Paying Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear,
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of
Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be
withdrawn.
212

--- Page 214 ---
Partial
exercise
of
call
option:
In
connection
with
an
exercise
of
the
option
contained
in
Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the
Permanent Global Note or a Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified
by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided
in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction
in principal amount, at their discretion).
Notices:
Notwithstanding Condition 22 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the
Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or Global
Registered Note is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant
clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg
and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be
published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution:
While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on
behalf of a clearing system, then:
a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Note Trustee (as the case may be)
given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the
relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic
Consent” as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise
require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied),
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held,
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they
participated in such Electronic Consent; and
b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the
Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer, the
Guarantor and/or the Note Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with
entitlements to such Global Note or Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any
such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person
identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of
establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the
Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of
(a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system and, in
the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant
clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on
all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any
such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all
purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of
electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or
Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in
which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified
together with the amount of such holding. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Note Trustee shall be
liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged
or not authentic.
213

--- Page 215 ---
22. SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
22.1 Summary of Dealer Agreement
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Bank of China (Europe) S.A.,
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Jyske Bank A/S,
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale (Helaba), National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937),
Nykredit Bank A/S and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (together, the “Dealers”). The Notes may
be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by
the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the
Issuer. The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and
subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 17 May 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and
made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of
Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and a single Dealer for that
Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described
in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that
Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be
set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an
agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the
Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms
as “Syndicated”, the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and
the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to
the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those
Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the
relevant Final Terms.
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with
the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the
Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the
relevant Final Terms. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such
subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.
22.2 Selling Restrictions
22.2.1 United States
The Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as
amended, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of,
U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal
Revenue Code 1986 and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant
Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
214

--- Page 216 ---
22.2.2 Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail
Investors”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a
person who is one (or more) of the following:
(a)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU
MiFID II”); or
(b)
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 (“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU
MiFID II.
22.2.3 Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA
Retail Investors”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(a)
Qualified investors:
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU
Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
Fewer than 150 offerees:
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified
investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
Other exempt offers:
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU
Prospectus Regulation.
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for
the Notes and the expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
22.2.4 United Kingdom
22.2.4.1 Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes incudes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”,
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.
For the purposes of this provision:
(i)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following::
i.
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or
ii.
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
215

--- Page 217 ---
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail
Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to
the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United
Kingdom:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus
Regulation;
(ii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of
the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the
Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
22.2.4.2 Other UK regulatory restrictions
i.
No deposit-taking:
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year:
a.
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:
b.
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:
i.
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or
ii.
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA
by the Issuer;
ii.
Financial promotion:
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the
Guarantor; and
iii.
General compliance:
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United
Kingdom.
22.2.5 Denmark
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the
Notes directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with
the Danish Capital Markets Act, as amended, and any executive orders issued thereunder and in compliance
with Executive Order no. 1580 of 17 December 2018 issued pursuant to, inter alia, the Danish Financial
Business Act, consolidated act no. 937 of 6 September 2019, as amended, to the extent applicable.
22.2.6 The Netherlands
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that zero coupon notes (as defined below) in definitive form
216

--- Page 218 ---
may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly within, from or into the Netherlands through the
mediation of either such Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the
Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of May 21, 1985 (as amended) and its
implementing regulations.
No such mediation is required in respect of:
a)
the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a zero coupon note in global form; or
b)
the initial issue of zero coupon notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof;
c)
the transfer and acceptance of such zero coupon notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in
the conduct of a business or profession; or
d)
the transfer and acceptance of such zero coupon notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all such zero
coupon notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a zero coupon note in global
form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the
Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter.
As used herein, “zero coupon notes” are notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed
sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenure but only at
maturity or on which no interest is due whatsoever.
22.2.7 Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be
required to represent and agree, that:
i.
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any
Notes except for the Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the
document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public
within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and
ii.
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or
document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or
read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong)
other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong
Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.
22.2.8 Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the
Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly,
offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of
Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
22.2.9 Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of
Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of
217

--- Page 219 ---
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, as modified or amended
from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A)
of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable)
Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018, or (iii) otherwise pursuant
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. Where the Notes are
subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals,
each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under
Section 275 of the SFA except:
a.
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
b.
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
c.
where the transfer is by operation of law;
d.
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
e.
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
22.2.10 General
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with, to the best of its
knowledge, all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases,
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or
any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms
or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed
“—Summary of Dealer Agreement” above.
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers
following a change in law, regulation or directive. Any such supplement or modification may be set out in the
relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of
Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
218

--- Page 220 ---
23. GENERAL INFORMATION
23.1 Authorisation
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of TDC NET
passed on 10 February 2022 and 14 May 2022. The giving of the Guarantee has been duly authorised by
resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor passed on 10 February 2022 and 14 May 2022. The
Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes.
23.2 Listing of notes
The Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus. Application has been made to the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
23.3 Clearing system
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing
system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
23.4 Significant or Material Change
Since 31 December 2021, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the
Guarantor and their subsidiaries.
Save as disclosed elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts entered into other than in
the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or of the Guarantor’s business, which could result in the Issuer or the
Guarantor being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to
meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.
Save as described below, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position
of either TDC NET or TDC NET Holding since 31 December 2021 and no material adverse change in the
prospects of either TDC NET or TDC NET Holding since 31 December 2021.
TDC NET has on 31 January 2022 entered into new external debt financing comprising the Term Facilities in
the aggregate amount of EUR 2.8 billion and the Revolving Credit Facility in the aggregate amount of
EUR 350 million. On 3 February 2022, approx. EUR 2.6 billion was drawn under the Term Facilities. Part of
the net proceeds of such drawing was applied towards repayment of intercompany debt owed by TDC NET to
TDC Holding in the aggregate amount of approx. EUR 1,319,118,180. The remaining part of the net proceeds
of the drawing under the Term Facilities was applied towards payment of an extraordinary dividend in the total
amount of EUR 1,175,964,627 billion declared and paid by TDC NET to its sole shareholder at that time, TDC
Holding. The amount of the extraordinary dividend corresponded to substantially all distributable reserves of
TDC NET.
Following the above events, TDC NET Holding has on 3 February 2022, by way of a contribution in kind
against payment in newly issued shares, acquired all shares in TDC NET. Upon such acquisition, TDC NET
Holding became the direct parent company of TDC NET and a member of the Security Group. On 3 February
2022, TDC NET Holding further acceded to the Common Documents as a guarantor and granted security over,
among others, its shares in TDC NET for the benefit of the senior secured creditors (including the
Noteholders).
In addition, on 28 February 2022, TDC NET borrowed the remaining amount of EUR 200 million under the
Term Facilities. The net proceeds of such drawing, together with cash on balance sheet, were distributed to
TDC NET Holding by way of an upstream loan and then further distributed from TDC NET Holding to TDC
Holding by way of an upstream loan. TDC Holding used the proceeds received to finance (in part) the
redemption of the EUR 500,000,000 senior notes issued by TDC Holding maturing on 2 March 2022.
219

--- Page 221 ---
Neither TDC NET nor TDC NET Holding, nor any of their respective subsidiaries is or has been involved in
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or
threatened of which the Issuer are aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus
which may have or has had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of
TDC NET or TDC NET Holding.
23.5 Documents Available
The website of TDC NET is www.tdcnet.dk. The information on www.tdcnet.dk does not form part of this Base
Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be available
for inspection on the website of TDC NET (www.tdcnet.dk):
a.
the articles of associations of the Issuer and the Guarantor;
b.
the audited Financial Statements for 2020;
c.
the audited Financial Statements for 2021;
d.
the audited opening balance sheet of TDC NET Holding as at 29 November 2021;
e.
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a
regulated market within the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required
to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the Issuing and
Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); and
f.
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus.
23.6 Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer
in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or
its equivalent in other currencies) and (ii) be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve acquiring,
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of
section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer.
23.7 Issue Price and Yield
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme
will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the
price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different
Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the
interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the
Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the
Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche.
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future
yield.
23.8 Litigation
Save as disclosed elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is or has been
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of these Base
Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or
profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantor, respectively, and/or other members of the Security Group.
220

--- Page 222 ---
23.9 Auditor
The Financial Statements for 2021 and the Guarantor Opening Balance Sheet have been audited by TDC NET’s
independent auditors, Deloitte. The audit of the Financial Statements for 2020 were undertaken by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab.
The address of Deloitte is Weidekampsgade 6, DK-2300 København S, Denmark. Deloitte is represented by
Lars Siggaard Hansen, State Authorised Public Accountant, Identification No: (MNE) mne32208 and Christian
Sanderhage, State Authorised Public Accountant, Identification No: (MNE) mne23347, both members of
FSR—Danish Auditors (FSR—danske revisorer).
23.10 Names and contact details
The registered office of the Issuer and Guarantor is Teglholmsgade 3, DK-2450 København, Denmark.
The Issuer and the Guarantor can be contacted on +45 70 10 30 00.
TDC
NET’s
secondary
names
are
B.T.
MOBIL
A/S,
BERLINGSKE
MOBIL
A/S,
CME
A/S,
EKSTRABLADET MOBIL A/S, LETTEL A/S. TDC NET Holding does not have any secondary names.
23.11 Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Offer
Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer and the Guarantor is aware, no person involved in
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may
perform other services for, the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in the ordinary course of business.
23.12 Activities of the Dealers
Certain of the Dealers and Arrangers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with and may perform services to the Issuer, the
Guarantor or their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and the
Arrangers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients or as principal in order to manage their
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their
business activities, the Dealers and the Arrangers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor or
their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers and the Arrangers or their affiliates that have a lending
relationship with the Issuer and the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and the
Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and Arrangers and
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under
the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the
Programme. The Dealers and the Arrangers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and
instruments.
23.13 Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300SH2G3R15Y3FX20.
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of TDC NET Holding is 549300IZFSXU2HYTPQ50.
23.14 Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall have no obligation to supplement this base
prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.
221

--- Page 223 ---
23.15 Other Information
Global Bonds (other than Temporary Global Bonds) and Definitive Notes and any Coupons, Receipts and
Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect where TEFRA D is specified in the
relevant Final Terms: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under
the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code”. The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds
a Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon generally will not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale,
exchange or redemption of such Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary
income.
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant Final
Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide any
post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes, except to the extent required by any applicable
laws and regulations.
In relation to any Tranche of Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the
applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes based on the Issue Price and is
not an indication of future yield.
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of
the Issuer’s website, any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked
to these websites have not been verified and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and investors should not
rely on such information.
222

--- Page 224 ---
24. GLOSSARY
The following explanations are not intended as technical definitions and are provided purely for assistance in
understanding certain terms as used in this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the glossary only covers selected
sections of this Base Prospectus.
ABBRIVIATION
DESCRIPTION
Accountholder
. . . . . . . .
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an
interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note.
Administrators . . . . . . . .
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, Bank of England (as administrator of
SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR),
the European Money Markets Institute, the European Central Bank (as
administrator of €STR), the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility, the Swedish
Financial Benchmark Facility AB, Norske Finansielle Referanser AS, the ASX
and the JBA TIBOR Administration, respectively.
AFMA BBSW
. . . . . . . .
Australian Financial Markets Association Bank Bill Swap.
AIP Management
. . . . . .
AIP Management P/S.
Agency Agreement
. . . . .
An issue and paying agency agreement dated 17 May 2022.
Agents . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Transfer Agents or Paying Agents.
ASIC
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
ATP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension.
Audited Financial
Statements
. . . . . . . . .
The Financial Statements for 2020 and the Financial Statements for 2021.
Base Prospectus
. . . . . . .
This offering document describing the Program.
Bearer Notes
. . . . . . . . .
Each Tranche of Notes are in bearer form.
Benchmark Regulation . . .
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended.
Board of Directors
. . . . .
The board of directors of TDC NET.
CAGR . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The compound annual growth rates.
Certificate . . . . . . . . . . .
Where Notes in registered form will be represented.
CGNs . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Classic Global Notes.
CIBOR . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate.
Classic Global Notes . . . .
Global notes which are not issued in NGN form.
Clearing Systems
Business Day . . . . . . . .
means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered
Note is being held is open for business.
Clearstream, Luxembourg
Clearstream Banking S.A.
Common Depositary
. . . .
Classic Global Notes and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS
will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Common Documents . . . .
The Common Terms Agreement, the Master Definitions Agreement and the
STID.
Common Safekeeper
. . . .
Where the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date
of the relevant Tranche.
Common Terms Agreement
Agreement dated 31 January 2022 (as amended and restated on 28 April 2022)
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the senior secured creditors setting out
certain common terms applicable to Senior Debt of the Security Group.
223

--- Page 225 ---
Conditions . . . . . . . . . . .
Terms and Conditions for each Tranche issued under the Programme.
Consortium
. . . . . . . . . .
ATP, MIRA HoldCo, PFA HoldCo and PKA Holdco, with MIRA HoldCo
having a 50% shareholding and each of ATP, PFA HoldCo and PKA Holdco
holding a 16.7% shareholding.
Cooperation Agreement . .
The cooperation agreement between TDC NET and Nuuday.
Coupons
. . . . . . . . . . . .
The interest related to the Notes.
Couponholders . . . . . . . .
The holders of the interest coupons related to the Notes.
CRA Regulation . . . . . . .
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended.
CSSF
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.
Current Market Decisions
Decisions issued by the Danish Business Authority, which designate TDC NET
as having SMP in four markets.
Cyber Insurance . . . . . . .
Cyber risk insurance.
C(WUMP)O . . . . . . . . . .
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32))
of Hong Kong.
Danish Capital
Markets Act . . . . . . . .
the Danish consolidated act no. 2014 of 1 November 2021, as amended.
Dealers . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bank of China (Europe) S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas,
HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Jyske Bank A/S, Landesbank
Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale (Helaba), National Australia Bank Limited
(ABN 12 004 044 937), Nykredit Bank A/S and Skandinaviska Enskilda
Banken AB (publ).
Dealer Agreement . . . . . .
Agreement dated 17 May 2022 between Issuer and Dealers.
Debt Service Reserve
Account . . . . . . . . . . .
A debt service reserve account to be held by TDC NET with an account bank.
Default
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
means any Event of Default or event or circumstance which would (with the
expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination
under the Finance Documents or any combination of any of the foregoing) be
an Event of Default.
Definitive Notes
. . . . . . .
Bearer Notes in definitive form.
Deloitte . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab.
DESI
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Digital Economy and Society Index.
DFBF . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility.
DKK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Danish krone.
DSR Liquidity Facility . . .
A debt service reserve liquidity facility entered into by TDC NET on
31 January 2022.
ECB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
European Central Bank.
EEA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
European Economic Area.
EMMI . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
European Money Markets Institute.
ePrivacy Directive . . . . . .
The Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended) concerning the processing of personal
data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector.
ESG . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Environmental, social and governance characteristics.
ESMA . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
European Securities Markets Authority.
Ericsson
. . . . . . . . . . . .
Ericsson A/S and its subsidiaries.
EU Benchmarks
Regulation
. . . . . . . . .
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended.
224

--- Page 226 ---
EU CRA Regulation
. . . .
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended.
EU Directives . . . . . . . . .
The regulations applicable to TDC NET’s operations within the EU often
derive
from
the
EU
Directives
comprising
the
Telecoms
Regulatory
Framework, as supplemented by additional legislative instruments.
EU MiFID II . . . . . . . . .
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended.
EU MiFID Product
Governance Rules
. . . .
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593.
EU Prospectus Regulation
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
EUR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Euro.
EURIBOR . . . . . . . . . . .
Euro Interbank Offered Rate.
Euroclear . . . . . . . . . . . .
Euroclear Bank SA/NV.
European Electronic
Communications Code
.
Directive (EU) 2018/1972 (as amended) of the European Parliament and of the
council
of
11
December
2018
establishing
the
European
electronic
communications code.
Eurosystem
. . . . . . . . . .
Central banking system for the euro.
EUWA
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.
Event of Default . . . . . . .
Any event of default under the Common Terms Agreement.
Executive Management
. .
The registered management team of TDC NET with the Danish Business
Authority.
FCA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority.
FDI Act
. . . . . . . . . . . .
The Danish Act on Foreign Direct Investments (Act No. 842 of 10 May 2021,
as amended).
Finance Documents . . . . .
the
Common
Terms
Agreement,
the
STID,
each
Transaction
Security
Document, each Hedging Agreement, each document in relation to the
Notes (including any Global Notes, Definitive Notes or Certificates), each
document in relation to privately placed notes, each authorised credit facilities
agreement, each spectrum guarantee facility agreement, each Account Bank
Agreement, each Liquidity Facility Agreement; and other ancillary documents
(fee letters, etc.).
Financial Instruments and
Exchange Act
. . . . . . .
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan.
Financial Statements for
2021
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
The audited consolidated financial statements of TDC NET as at and for the
year ended 31 December 2021.
Financial Statements for
2020
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
The audited consolidated financial statements of TDC NET as at and for the
year ended 31 December 2020.
First Drawdown . . . . . . .
The borrowing by TDC NET on 31 January 2022 under the Term Facilities.
Fitch . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fitch Ratings Limited.
FSMA . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
GBP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
British pound sterling.
GDPR . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General Data Protection Regulation, as amended.
Global Certificates
. . . . .
Where registered Notes issued in global form will be represented.
Global Notes
. . . . . . . . .
Global Bearer Notes or Global Registered Notes.
Global Registered Note
. .
Global note in registered form.
Guarantor . . . . . . . . . . .
TDC NET Holding.
225

--- Page 227 ---
Guarantor Opening
Balance Sheet . . . . . . .
As a result, no separate financial information of TDC NET Holding is
presented or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, other than the
audited opening balance sheet for TDC NET Holding as at 29 November 2021
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The Guarantor
Opening Balance Sheet has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as
endorsed by the EU.
Human Errors . . . . . . . .
Unintentional events.
ICE
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited.
IFRS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
International Financial Reporting Standards.
Independent . . . . . . . . . .
Means any director on the board of directors of TDC NET which satisfies the
following requirements: (i) the director does not have, and has not previously
had, any executive or non-executive role in any Related Entity (except for
being a director of TDC Holding where such role is, or has been, terminated
with effect from no later than 1 January 2022 and provided that the director
satisfies the requirements in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below); (ii) the director
does not have, and has not previously had, any executive or non-executive role
in any Significant Shareholder; and (iii) the director is not an employee of, or
elected by the employees of, the Security Group. For these purposes “Related
Entity” means any direct or indirect holding company of TDC NET Holding or
any subsidiary of such holding company (other than a member of the Security
Group) and “Significant Shareholder” means any direct or indirect shareholder
of TDC NET Holding owning, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the
outstanding share capital of TDC NET Holding (but excluding any Related
Entity).
Individual Note Certificates
Individual note certificates in registered form.
Initial Senior Term
Facility A . . . . . . . . . .
Facility entered into by TDC NET on 31 January 2022 regarding a senior
secured term loan facility in the aggregate amount of EUR 1,500,000,000.
Initial Senior Term
Facility B . . . . . . . . . .
Facility entered into by TDC NET on 31 January 2022 regarding a senior
secured term loan facility in the aggregate amount of EUR 1,300,000,000.
Insurance Distribution
Directive . . . . . . . . . . .
Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended.
Investor’s Currency . . . . .
This denomination of currency of an investor’s financial activities other than
the Specified Currency.
ISIN . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The International Securities Identification Number.
Issuer . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TDC NET A/S.
Key Employees . . . . . . . .
The management team of TDC NET.
KPI
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Key performance indicators.
LRAIC . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long range average incremental costs.
Luxembourg
Prospectus Law . . . . . .
The
Luxembourg
Law
dated
16
July
2019
(as
amended)
relating
to
prospectuses for securities.
Malicious Actions . . . . . .
Intentional events.
MAM . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Macquarie Asset Management.
Market Commitments
. . .
A commitment based model, where commitment-based model, whereby TDC
NET will undertake certain commitments to apply in lieu of regulatory
measures to otherwise be imposed by the Danish Business Authority.
226

--- Page 228 ---
Master Definitions
Agreement
. . . . . . . . .
Agreement dated 31 January 2022 (as amended and restated on 28 April 2022)
covering definitions in the STID and Common Terms Agreement.
MAS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Monetary Authority of Singapore.
MiFID II . . . . . . . . . . . .
Directive 2014/65/EU.
MIRAEL . . . . . . . . . . . .
wholly owned subsidiary of Macquarie Group Limited.
MGL
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Macquarie Group Limited.
MNOs . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mobile network operators.
National Low Speed
Market . . . . . . . . . . . .
Low-speed infrastructure comprising the copper network.
Natural Phenomena and
Technical Failures
. . . .
Coincidental.
Network Security Act
. . .
The Danish Act on Security in Networks and Services (Danish Act no. 153 of
1 February 2021), as amended.
New Market Decisions . . .
Decision issued by the Danish Business Authority on 27 September 2021 with
respect to the markets for broadband access in Denmark.
NGN . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
New Global Note.
NIBOR . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate.
NIS-Directive . . . . . . . . .
Directive (EU) 2016/1148 of the European Parliament and of the council of
6 July 2016 (as amended) concerning measures for a high common level of
security of network and information systems across the union.
Non-IFRS Measures
. . . .
Non-IFRS performance measures including as defined in the European
Securities and Market Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance
Measures dated 5 October 2015.
Noteholders
. . . . . . . . . .
The holders of the Notes.
Note Trustee
. . . . . . . . .
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited.
Notes
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Euro Medium Term Notes issued under the Programme.
Note Trust Deed . . . . . . .
The deed that the Notes are constituted by, subject to, and have the benefit of.
NSS
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
New Safekeeping Structure.
Nuuday . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nuuday A/S.
Nuuday Mobile Agreement
TDC NET’s long-term mobile agreement with Nuuday.
O&C Reserve Account . . .
An operating and capital expenditure reserve account to be held by TDC NET
with an account bank and funded up to no less than the O&C Reserve
Required Amount.
O&C Reserve Facility . . .
An operating and capital expenditure reserve facility entered into by TDC NET
on 31 January 2022.
Official List . . . . . . . . . .
The official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Ordinary Voting Matters .
All matters which are not designated as Extraordinary Voting Matters,
Discretion Matters or Entrenched Rights are ordinary voting matters.
Paying Agents
. . . . . . . .
The Registrar and the paying agents named in the Agency Agreement.
PD/BI Insurance . . . . . . .
The insurance covering risks associated with the Security Group’s business.
Permanent Global Note . .
Notes in permanent Global Note in bearer form.
PFA Pension
. . . . . . . . .
PFA Pension, forsikringsaktieselskab
PKA Administration
. . . .
Pensionskassernes Administration A/S.
227

--- Page 229 ---
PKA AIP . . . . . . . . . . . .
PKA Alternative Investment Partners A/S.
PRIIPs Regulation
. . . . .
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended.
Principal Paying Agent
. .
HSBC Bank plc.
Programme
. . . . . . . . . .
The Note programme.
Prospectus regulation . . . .
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
Radio Frequencies Act . . .
The Danish Act on Radio Frequencies (Danish Act no. 151 of 2 February
2021) (as amended).
RAN . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Radio Access Network.
Regional High Speed
Market . . . . . . . . . . . .
High-speed infrastructure comprising fibre and coax networks.
Registered Notes . . . . . . .
Tranche of Notes in registered form.
Registrar . . . . . . . . . . . .
HSBC Bank plc.
Regulation S
. . . . . . . . .
Regulation S under the US Securities Act.
Relevant Member State . .
Member State of the EEA and UK.
Revolving Credit Facility .
A revolving credit facility entered into by TDC NET.
Roaming Regulation
. . . .
EU
Roaming
regulation
(Regulation
(EU)
No
531/2012
amended
by
Regulation (EEC) No 2015/2120 Regulation (EU) No 2017/920.
SBTi . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Science Based targets initiative.
SDG . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.
Second Drawdown
. . . . .
The borrowing by TDC NET on 28 February 2022 under the Term Facilities.
Second Party Opinion . . .
Opinion provided by Sustainalytics, in relation to the Sustainability-Linked
Finance Framework.
Secured Creditors . . . . . .
The Security Agent (in its own capacity and on behalf of the other Secured
Creditors), each Hedge Counterparty, each Liquidity Facility Provider, each LF
Arranger and the Liquidity Facility Agent under the Liquidity Facility
Agreement in respect of amounts owed to each of them by TDC NET from
time to time, the Account Bank, each other Authorised Credit Provider, any
Additional Secured Creditors, the Initial RCF Agent, the Initial RCF lenders,
each Arranger under a Revolving Facilities Agreement, Liquidity Facility
Agreement or Hedging Agreement, the ancillary lenders and any Receiver or
delegate of a Receiver or Secured Creditor.
Securities Act . . . . . . . . .
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Security Agent . . . . . . . .
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited.
Security Group . . . . . . . .
TDC NET Holding, TDC NET and subsidiaries of TDC NET from time to
time
(including,
as
of
the
date
of
this
Base
Prospectus,
TDC
NET
Finance
B.V.,
Dansk
Kabel
TV A/S
and
Fiberkysten
A/S
(associated
company)).
Senior Debt . . . . . . . . . .
senior secured debt of the Security Group.
Series
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Each series of Notes issued under the Programme.
SFA
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as amended.
SFO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong.
SLBP
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles established by theInternational
Capital Markets Association.
SMP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Significant Market Power.
SOFR . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Secured Overnight Financing Rate.
228

--- Page 230 ---
SONIA
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sterling Overnight Index Average.
Specified Currency
. . . . .
The currency of the Notes under the Final Terms.
Specified Denomination
. .
The denomination of the Notes under the Final Terms.
Stabilising Manager . . . . .
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) in the
applicable Final Terms.
STIBOR
. . . . . . . . . . . .
Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate.
STID
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed dated 31 January 2022 between, among
others, TDC NET, the Guarantor and the Security Agent.
Sustainability-Linked
Finance Framework . . .
Framework relating to TDC NET's sustainability strategy and targets and for
TDC NET to issue different types of sustainability-linked instruments,
including bonds and loans.
TDC Demerger . . . . . . . .
The partial demerger of TDC Holding into Nuuday and TDC NET.
TDC Group . . . . . . . . . .
DKT Holdings ApS and all consolidated subsidiaries of DKT Holdings ApS.
TDC Group Insurance . . .
PD/BI Insurance and Cyber Insurance taken out by TDC Holding for the
benefit of TDC Holding and its subsidiaries, including the Security Group.
TDC Holding . . . . . . . . .
TDC Holding A/S.
TDC NET . . . . . . . . . . .
TDC NET A/S.
TDC NET Holding
. . . . .
TDC NET Holding A/S.
Telecommunications Act . .
The Danish Act on Electronic Communications Network and- Services (Danish
Act no. 128 of 7 February 2014, as amended).
Temporary Global Note . .
Notes in temporary global note in bearer form.
Term Facilities . . . . . . . .
The Initial Senior Term Facility A and Initial Senior Term Facility B.
TIBOR . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate.
Tranche . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Each tranche of Notes issued.
Transaction Documents
. .
The Note Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Common
Documents,
the
Transaction
Security
Documents
creating
the
Security
described in Condition 5(a) (Security) and any related documents in relation
to the Notes.
Transaction Security
. . . .
The security granted (i) by TDC NET Holding in respect of its shares in TDC
NET, bank accounts and certain intercompany loans, and (ii) by TDC NET in
respect of its shares in its direct subsidiaries, bank accounts, certain
intercompany loans, rights under certain insurance policies, rights under
spectrum licenses and certain trade receivables.
Transfer Agents
. . . . . . .
The Registrar and the transfer agents named in the Agency Agreement.
UK MiFIR Product
Governance Rules
. . . .
UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook.
USD . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
United States Dollar.
229

--- Page 231 ---
THE ISSUER
TDC NET A/S
Teglholmsgade 1
DK-2450 København SV
Denmark
THE GUARANTOR
TDC NET Holding A/S
Teglholmsgade 1
DK-2450 København SV
Denmark
NOTE TRUSTEE AND SECURITY AGENT
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited
8 Canada Square
London, E14 5HQ
United Kingdom
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London, E14 5HQ
United Kingdom
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer and Guarantor:
As to Danish Law
Plesner Advokatpartnerselskab
Amerika Plads 37
DK-2100 København OE
Denmark
As to English Law
Clifford Chance (U.K.) LLP
10 Upper Bank Street,
London E14 5JJ
United Kingdom
As to Luxembourg Law
NautaDutilh Avocats Luxembourg S.à r.l.
2, rue Jean Bertholet
L-1233 Luxembourg
To the Arrangers and Dealers:
As to English Law
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street,
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
As to Danish Law
Horten Advokatpartnerselskab
Philip Heymans Alle 7,
DK-2900 Hellerup
Denmark

--- Page 232 ---
As to English Law to the Note Trustee
and the Security Agent
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street,
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER AND GUARANTOR
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab
Weidekampsgade 6
DK-2300 København S
Denmark
ARRANGERS
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2, D02 RF29
Ireland
HSBC Continental Europe
38 avenue Kléber,
75116 Paris
France
DEALERS
Bank of China (Europe) S.A.
55 Boulevard Royal
2449—Luxembourg
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2, D02 RF29
Ireland
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale
Maintower,
Neue Mainzer Str. 52–58,
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
HSBC Continental Europe
38 avenue Kléber,
75116 Paris
France
ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7,
1102 BD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Jyske Bank A/S
Vestergade 8–18
DK-8600 Silkeborg
Denmark
National Australia Bank Limited
(ABN 12 004 044 937)
The Scalpel
52 Lime Street, London EC3M 7AF
United Kingdom
Nykredit Bank A/S
Kalvebod Brygge 1–3
DK-1780 København V
Denmark
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8
SE-106 40 Stockholm
Sweden

--- Page 233 ---
Toppan Merrill, London
22-6192-1