--- Page 1 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hamilton (Bermuda), 21 January 2021

--- Page 2 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Base Prospectus to “Teekay LNG Partners,” “Company,” “TGP”, “us”, 
“our” and “we” refer to Teekay LNG Partners L.P. and its subsidiaries.  
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Teekay LNG Partners’ (the 
Company) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 2 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors", the bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive II (‘MiFID II’); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "Packaged Retail 
Investment and Insurance-Based Products, PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds will include a legend titled 
"MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners, available at their websites 
(www.dnb.no  www.nordea.no  www.danskebank.no  www.swedbank.no  www.seb.no, www.ca-cib.com and 
www.arctic.com).  
 
The Joint Bookrunners and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a 
market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and may 
perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint 
Bookrunners' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company in private and/or 
public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country and the UK. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to 
distribute the Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 21 January 2021 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................4 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 13 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 15 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 16 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 17 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 18 
7 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 22 
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 25 
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 26 
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 29 
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 31 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 33 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 34 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 43 
JOINT BOOKRUNNERS' DISCLAIMER .................................................................................... 44 
ANNEX 1 TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. .................................................................................. 45 
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 46

--- Page 4 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by Teekay LNG Partners involves inherent risks.   
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s business, 
financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and the Company could 
be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds.  Prospective investors 
should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus, before making an 
investment decision.  
 
The risks and uncertainties discussed below are risks that the Company's management currently views as most 
material and are (in each category), in the assessment of the Company, after making due and reasonable efforts, 
aspired to be set out in order of priority taking into account the negative impact on the Company should such risks 
materialize, and the likelihood of their occurrence. 
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. Any investor must conduct its own 
investigations and analysis of the Company and should consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability 
of any investment. 
 
Risks related to TGP’s business  
 
We may not have sufficient cash from operations to enable us to repay all of our obligations, including 
interest payments on the Bonds.  
Our cash from operations may fluctuate based on, among other things: 
• 
the rates we obtain from our charters and the performance by our charterers of their obligations under 
the charters, as reduced charter rates or the non-peformance by any of our charterers may result in a 
reduction in our expected cash from operations; 
• 
the expiration of charter contracts, including early expirations, which may result in a reduction in our 
expected cash from operations; 
• 
the charterers' option to terminate charter contracts or repurchase vessels, in either case upon our 
breach of the relevant contract, or payment of any applicable early termination or repurchase amounts, 
as a reduced charter term may result in a reduction in our expected cash from operations; 
• 
the utilization levels of our vessels trading in the spot or short-term market, as low utilization levels will 
result in a decrease in employment of our vessels which may result in a reduction in our expected cash 
from operations; 
• 
the level of our operating costs, such as the cost of crews and insurance, as higher or fluctuating 
operating costs may result in a reduction in our expected cash from operations; 
• 
the continued availability of LNG and LPG production, liquefaction and regasification facilities, as general 
supply levels of LNG and LPG production may impact the demand for LNG and LPG vessels which may 
in turn result in a reduction in our expected cash from operations; 
• 
the number of unscheduled off-hire days for our fleet and the timing of, and number of days required for, 
scheduled dry docking of our vessels, as we generally do not receive charter hire during off-hire and dry-
docking periods, which may result in a reduction in our expected cash from operations; 
• 
the effect of governmental regulations and maritime self-regulatory organization standards on the 
conduct of our business, as changes in regulations may increase our costs of business which may result 
in a reduction in our expected cash from operations; and  
• 
limitations on obtaining cash distributions from joint venture entities due to similar restrictions on the joint 
venture entities, as we derive a significant level of cash flow from our joint venture operations. 
The actual amount of cash we will have available from operations also will depend on factors such as: 
• 
the level of capital expenditures we make, including for maintaining vessels, building new vessels, 
acquiring existing vessels and complying with regulations;

--- Page 5 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
• 
our debt service requirements, financial covenants and restrictions on distributions contained in our debt 
instruments; 
• 
fluctuations in our working capital needs; and 
• 
our ability to make working capital borrowings. 
TGP’s ability to service its debt will depend on certain financial, business and other factors, many of 
which are beyond TGP’s control.  
TGP’s ability to service its debt, including the bonds, will depend upon, among other things, its future financial and 
operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, 
regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond TGP’s control.  In addition, TGP relies on distributions 
and other intercompany cash flows from its subsidiaries to repay its obligations. Financing arrangements between 
some of TGP’s subsidiaries and the subsidiaries’ respective lenders contain restrictions on distributions from such 
subsidiaries.  
If TGP is unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt service requirements, TGP may be forced to 
take actions such as: 
 
• 
restructuring or refinancing TGP’s debt, including the notes; 
• 
seeking additional debt or equity capital; 
• 
seeking bankruptcy protection; 
• 
reducing distributions; 
• 
reducing or delaying TGP’s business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures; or 
• 
selling assets. 
Such measures might not be successful and might not enable TGP to service its debt. In addition, any such 
financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available on economically favorable terms. In addition, TGP’s 
credit agreements and the bond agreement governing the bonds may restrict TGP’s ability to implement some of 
these measures.  
 
The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is dynamic and expanding. The continuation of this outbreak 
likely will have, and the emergence of other epidemic or pandemic crises could have, material adverse 
effects on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.  
The novel coronavirus pandemic is dynamic and expanding, and its ultimate scope, duration and effects are 
uncertain. We expect that this pandemic, and any future epidemic or pandemic crises, could result in direct and 
indirect adverse effects on our industry and customers, which in turn may impact our business, results of 
operations and financial condition. Effects of the current pandemic include, or may include, among others: 
• 
deterioration of worldwide, regional or national economic conditions and activity, which could further 
reduce or prolong the recent significant declines in energy prices, or adversely affect global demand for 
LPG and LNG, demand for our services, and charter and spot rates; 
• 
disruptions to our operations as a result of the potential health impact on our employees and crew, and 
on the workforces of our customers and business partners; 
• 
disruptions to our business from, or additional costs related to, new regulations, directives or practices 
implemented in response to the pandemic, such as travel restrictions (including for any of our onshore 
personnel or any of our crew members to timely embark or disembark from our vessels), increased 
inspection regimes, hygiene measures (such as quarantining and physical distancing) or increased 
implementation of remote working arrangements; 
• 
potential delays in the loading and discharging of cargo on or from our vessels, and any related off hire 
due to quarantine, worker health, or regulations, which in turn could disrupt our operations and result in a 
reduction of revenue; 
• 
potential shortages or a lack of access to required spare parts for our vessels, or potential delays in any 
repairs to, or scheduled or unscheduled maintenance or modifications or dry docking of, our vessels, as 
a result of a lack of berths available by shipyards from a shortage in labor or due to other business 
disruptions;

--- Page 6 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
• 
potential delays in vessel inspections and related certifications by class societies, customers or 
government agencies; 
• 
potential reduced cash flows and financial condition, including potential liquidity constraints; 
• 
reduced access to capital, including the ability to refinance any existing obligations, as a result of any 
credit tightening generally or due to declines in global financial markets, including to the prices of 
publicly-traded securities of us, our peers and of listed companies generally; 
• 
a reduced ability to opportunistically sell any of our LNG or LPG vessels on the second-hand market, 
either as a result of a lack of buyers or a general decline in the value of second-hand vessels; 
• 
a decline in the market value of our vessels, which may cause us to (a) incur impairment charges or (b) 
breach certain covenants under our financing agreements (including our secured facility agreements and 
financial leases) relating to vessel-to-loan covenants; 
• 
disruptions, delays or cancellations in the construction of new LNG projects (including production, 
liquefaction, regasification, storage and distribution facilities), which could limit or adversely affect our 
ability to pursue future growth opportunities; 
• 
potential deterioration in the financial condition and prospects of our customers or joint venture partners, 
or attempts by customers or third parties to invoke force majeure contractual clauses as a result of 
delays or other disruptions; and 
• 
the ongoing pandemic may significantly impact global economic activity (including the demand for LNG 
and LPG, and associated shipping rates, which may in turn negatively affect our spot chartered vessels) 
and may disrupt, delay or lead to cancellations of the construction of new LNG projects (including 
production, liquefaction, regasification, storage and distribution facilities), which in turn could negatively 
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Reduced demand for LNG and LPG 
shipping could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and could harm our business, results 
of operations and financial condition 
Although disruption and effects from the novel coronavirus pandemic may be temporary, given the dynamic 
nature of these circumstances and the worldwide nature of our business and operations, the duration of any 
business disruption and the related financial impact to us cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but could 
materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
Over time, the value of our vessels may decline, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
Vessel values for LNG and LPG carriers can fluctuate substantially over time due to a number of different factors, 
including: 
• 
prevailing economic conditions in natural gas and energy markets; 
• 
a substantial or extended decline in demand for natural gas, LNG or LPG; 
• 
competition from more technologically advanced vessels; 
• 
increases in the supply of vessel capacity; and 
• 
the cost of retrofitting or modifying existing vessels, as a result of technological advances in vessel 
design or equipment, changes in applicable environmental or other regulation or standards, or otherwise. 
Vessel values may decline from existing levels. If the operation of a vessel is not profitable, or if we cannot 
redeploy a chartered vessel at attractive rates upon charter termination, rather than continue to incur costs to 
maintain and finance the vessel, we may seek to dispose of it. Our inability to dispose of the vessel at a fair 
market value or the disposal of the vessel at a fair market value that is lower than its book value could result in a 
loss on its sale and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further, if we determine at 
any time that a vessel’s future useful life and earnings require us to impair its value on our financial statements, 
we may need to recognize a significant charge against our earnings. 
 
 
Our and many of our customers’ substantial operations outside the United States expose us and them to 
political, governmental and economic instability, which could harm our operations. 
Because our operations, and the operations of certain of our customers, are primarily conducted outside of the 
United States, they may be affected by economic, political and governmental conditions in the countries where we

--- Page 7 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
and they engage in business. Any disruption caused by these factors could harm our business or the business of 
these customers, including by reducing the levels of oil and gas exploration, development and production 
activities in these areas. We derive some of our revenues from shipping LNG and LPG from politically and 
economically unstable regions, such as Angola and Yemen. Hostilities, strikes, or other political or economic 
instability in regions where we or these customers operate or where we or they may operate could have a 
material adverse effect on the growth of our business, results of operations and financial condition, or on the 
ability of these customers to make payments or otherwise 
perform their obligations to us. In addition, tariffs, trade embargoes and other economic sanctions by the United 
States or other countries against countries in which we operate or to which we trade may harm our business. For 
example, general trade tensions between the United States and China escalated in 2018 and continued through 
much of 2019, with the United States imposing a series of tariffs on China and China responding by imposing 
tariffs on United States products. Although during the last quarter of 2019, the United States and China negotiated 
an agreement to reduce trade tensions which became effective in February 2020, our business could be harmed 
by increasing trade protectionism or trade tensions between the United States and China, as well as any trade 
embargoes or other 
economic sanctions by the United States or other countries. Finally, a government could requisition one or more 
of our vessels, which is most likely during war or national emergency. Any such requisition would cause a loss of 
the vessel and could harm our cash flow and financial results.  
 
We depend on Teekay Corporation and certain of our joint venture partners to assist us in operating our 
business and competing in our markets. 
 
Pursuant to certain services agreements between us and certain of our operating subsidiaries, on the one hand, 
and certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of Teekay Corporation and certain of our joint venture partners, on the 
other hand, the Teekay Corporation subsidiaries and certain of our joint venture partners provide to us various 
services including, in the case of operating subsidiaries, substantially all of their managerial, operational and 
administrative services (including vessel maintenance, crewing for some of our vessels, purchasing, shipyard 
supervision, insurance and financial services) and other technical and advisory services, and in the case of 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., various administrative services. Our operational success and ability to execute our 
growth strategy depend significantly upon Teekay Corporation’s and certain of our joint venture partners’ 
satisfactory performance of these services. Our business will be harmed if Teekay Corporation or certain of our 
joint venture partners fail to perform these services satisfactorily or if Teekay Corporation or certain of our joint 
venture partners stop providing these services to us. Our ability to compete for the transportation requirements of 
certain LNG and LPG projects, enter into new charter contracts, secure financings 
and expand our customer relationships depends in part on our ability to leverage our relationships with Teekay 
Corporation, our joint venture partners and their respective reputation and relationships in the shipping industry. If 
Teekay Corporation or certain of our joint venture partners suffer material damage to their reputation or 
relationships it may harm our ability to: 
• 
renew existing charters upon their expiration; 
• 
obtain new charters; 
• 
successfully interact with shipyards during periods of shipyard construction constraints; 
• 
obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms; or 
• 
maintain satisfactory relationships with our employees and suppliers. 
If our ability to do any of the things described above is impaired, it could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, results of operations and financial condition.  
 
We may be unable to charter or recharter vessels at attractive rates, which may lead to reduced revenues 
and profitability. 
Our ability to charter or recharter our LNG and LPG carriers upon the expiration or termination of their current 
time charters and the charter rates payable under any renewal or replacement charters depend upon, among 
other things, the then current states of the LNG and LPG carrier markets. The size of the current orderbooks for 
LNG carriers and LPG carriers is expected to result in the increase in the size of the world LNG and LPG fleets 
over the next few years. 
An over-supply of vessel capacity, combined with stability or any decline in the demand for LNG or LPG carriers, 
may result in a reduction of charter hire rates.

--- Page 8 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
Our future performance and ability to secure future employment for our vessels depends on growth 
(including any continued growth) in LNG production, demand and supply for LNG and LPG, and 
associated demand and supply for LNG and LPG shipping.  
Our future performance, including our ability to strengthen our balance sheet and to profitably employ and expand 
our fleet, will depend on growth in LNG production, demand and supply for LNG and LPG, and associated 
demand and supply for LNG and LPG shipping services. Accordingly, our future performance depends on growth 
in world and regional demand and supply for LNG and LPG, and marine transportation of LNG and LPG, as well 
as the supply of LNG and LPG. Demand or supply for LNG and LPG and for the marine transportation of LNG 
and LPG could be negatively affected by a number of factors, such as: 
• 
increases in the cost of natural gas derived from LNG relative to the cost of natural gas generally, as an 
increase in the overall cost of natural gas may result in a reduction in demand and in turn the demand for 
LNG carriers including those of the Company; 
• 
increase in the cost of LPG relative to the cost of naphtha and other competing petrochemicals, as lower 
cost alternative petrochemicals may result in a reduction in demand for LPG and in turn the demand for 
LPG carriers including those of the Company; 
• 
increases in the production of natural gas in areas linked by pipelines to consuming areas, the extension 
of existing, or the development of new, pipeline systems in markets we may serve, or the conversion of 
existing non-natural gas pipelines to natural gas pipelines in those markets, as an increase in the 
transporation of natural gas by pipeline may result in a reduction in the demand for liquefied natural gas 
by LNG carriers including those of the Company; 
• 
decreases in the consumption of natural gas due to increases in its price relative to other energy 
sources, such as oil, or other factors making consumption of natural gas less attractive, as lower cost 
alternative petrochemicals may result in a reduction in demand for LNG and in turn our services; 
• 
increases in the number of LNG or LPG newbuilding vessels, which could lead to an oversupply of 
vessels in the market and in turn create downward pressure on the demand for LNG and LPG shipping 
services and as a result create downward pressure on the demand for our services which may result in 
lower charter rates on LNG and LPG carriers including those of the Company; 
• 
increases in availability of alternative or renewable energy sources, as lower cost energy alternatives 
may result in a reduction in demand for the services provided by our LNG and LPG carriers; and 
• 
negative global or regional economic or political conditions, particularly in LNG and LPG consuming 
regions, which could reduce energy consumption or its growth, including labor or political unrest or 
military conflicts affecting existing or proposed areas of LNG production or regasification, as a general 
reduction in non-renewable energy may result in a reduction in the demand for our services. 
 
 
Adverse economic conditions, including disruptions in the global credit markets, could adversely affect 
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Economic downturns and financial crises in the global markets could produce illiquidity in the capital markets, 
market volatility, increased exposure to interest rate and credit risks and reduced access to capital markets. If 
global financial markets and economic conditions significantly deteriorate in the future, the Company may face 
material challenges, including restricted access to the capital markets or bank lending (which may make it more 
difficult and costly to fund future growth), higher overall borrowing costs which may impact our liquidity position, or 
potentially being unable to refinance our debt obligaitons on acceptable terms. Decreased access to such 
resources could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
In addition, the United Kingdom exited the European Union (or EU) on January 31, 2020 and entered into a 
transition period from February1, 2020 to December 31, 2020 during which it will seek to agree to the terms of its 
future relationship with the EU. Uncertainty regarding the relationship between the United Kingdom and the EU 
post-2020 may create economic instability in the United Kingdom which could affect our operations, including our 
access to bank loans in the European market, and may lead to an adverse effect on our business if we are unable 
to timely obtain such loans and maintain our overall liquidity. While we will seek to minimize associated risk by 
implementing mitigation plans, we cannot assure you that any such plans will be effective.  
 
Adverse economic conditions or other developments may affect our customers’ ability to charter our 
vessels and pay for our services and may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

--- Page 9 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
Adverse economic conditions or other developments relating directly to our customers may lead to a decline in our 
customers’ operations or ability to pay for our services, which could result in decreased demand for our vessels and 
services. Our customers’ inability to pay for any reason could also result in their default on our current contracts 
and charters. The decline in the amount of services requested by our customers or their default on our contracts 
with them could lead to a short-term or prolonged delay in receiving contracted payments from our customers, which 
would likely impact our liquidity position and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and 
results of operations.  
 
Significant declines in natural gas and oil prices may adversely affect our growth prospects and results 
of operations.  
Natural gas prices are volatile and have recently reached their lowest levels since 2009 in certain geographic 
areas. Low energy prices may negatively affect both the competitiveness of natural gas as a fuel for power 
generation and the market price of natural gas, to the extent that natural gas prices are benchmarked to the price 
of crude oil. These declines in energy prices have adversely affected energy and master limited partnership 
capital markets and available sources of financing for our capital expenditures and debt repayment obligations. A 
sustained low energy price environment may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial 
condition, as a result of, among other things which are beyond our control: 
• 
fluctuations in worldwide and regional supply of and demand for natural gas, which may result in a 
reduction in demand for the transportation of natural gas and our LNG transporation services; 
• 
a reduction in exploration for or development of new natural gas reserves or projects, or the delay or 
cancellation of existing projects as energy companies lower their capital expenditures budgets, since a  
reduction or cancellation of natural gas projects may result in a contraction of the demand for LNG 
transportation services and in turn may reduce our growth opportunities; 
• 
lower demand for vessels of the types we own and operate (including due to outdated propulsion 
technology of our vessels), which may reduce available charter rates and revenue to us upon 
redeployment of our vessels following expiration or termination of existing contracts or upon the initial 
chartering of vessels, or which may result in extended periods of our vessels being idle between 
contracts; 
• 
customers potentially seeking to renegotiate or terminate existing vessel contracts, or failing to extend or 
renew contracts upon expiration, or seeking to negotiate cancelable contracts, all of which may impact 
the amount of charter hire that we receive which in turn may result in a reduction in our expected cash 
from operations 
• 
the inability or refusal of customers to make charter payments to us or to our joint ventures, due to 
financial constraints or otherwise, as non-timely payment of charter hire by our customers may result in a 
reduction in our expected cash from operations; or 
• 
declines in vessel values, which may result in losses to us upon vessel sales (relative to the original price 
that we incurred for the vessels) or impairment charges against our earnings. 
 
Terrorist attacks, increased hostilities, political change or war could lead to further economic instability, 
increased costs and disruption of our business because we regularly operate or transit through these 
unstable areas.  
Terrorist attacks, the current conflicts in the Middle East, South East Asia, West Africa and elsewhere, and 
political change, may adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, ability to raise capital 
and future growth because our worldwide operations include these areas of conflict. Continuing hostilities in the 
Middle East, especially among Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Iran, Yemen and elsewhere may lead to additional 
armed conflicts or to further acts of terrorism and civil disturbance in the United States, or elsewhere, which may 
contribute to economic instability and disruption of LNG and LPG production and distribution, which could result in 
reduced demand for our services or impact on our operations and or our ability to conduct business. In addition, 
LNG and LPG facilities, shipyards, vessels, pipelines and gas fields could be targets of future terrorist attacks and 
warlike operations and our vessels could be targets of hijackers, terrorists or warlike operations. Any such attacks 
could lead to, among other things, bodily injury or loss of life, vessel or other property damage, increased vessel 
operational costs, including insurance costs, and the inability to transport LNG and LPG to or from certain 
locations. Terrorist attacks, war, hijacking or other events beyond our control that adversely affect the distribution, 
production or transportation of LNG and LPG to be shipped by us could entitle our customers to terminate our 
charter contracts, which would harm our cash flow and our business.  
Terrorist attacks, or the perception that LNG or LPG facilities and carriers are potential terrorist targets, could 
materially and adversely affect expansion of LNG and LPG infrastructure and the continued supply and export of 
LNG and LPG involving the United States and other countries. Concern that LNG or LPG facilities may be

--- Page 10 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
targeted for attack by terrorists, as well as environmental concerns, has contributed to significant community 
resistance to the construction of a number of LNG or LPG facilities, primarily in North America. If a terrorist 
incident involving an LNG or LPG facility or LNG or LPG carrier did occur, in addition to the possible effects 
identified in the previous paragraph, the incident may adversely affect construction of additional LNG or LPG 
facilities in the United States and other countries or lead to the temporary or permanent closing of various LNG or 
LPG facilities currently in operation. 
 
We derive a substantial majority of our revenues from a limited number of customers, and the loss of any 
customer, charter or vessel, or any adjustment to our charter contracts could result in a significant loss 
of revenues and cash flow. 
We have derived, and believe that we will continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenues and cash flow 
from a limited number of customers. We could lose a customer or the benefits of a time-charter if: 
• 
the customer fails to make charter payments because of its financial inability, disagreements with us or 
otherwise; 
• 
we agree to reduce the charter payments due to us under a charter because of the customer’s inability to 
continue making the original payments; 
• 
upon our breach of the relevant contract, the customer exercises certain rights to terminate the charter, 
purchase or cause the sale of the vessel or, under some of our charters, convert the time-charter to a 
bareboat charter (some of which rights are exercisable at any time); 
• 
the customer terminates the charter because we fail to deliver the vessel within a fixed period of time, the 
vessel is lost or damaged beyond repair, there are serious deficiencies in the vessel or prolonged 
periods of off-hire, or we default under the charter; or under some of our time-charters, the customer 
terminates the charter because of the termination of the charterer’s sales agreement or a prolonged 
force majeure event affecting the customer, including damage to or destruction of relevant facilities, war 
or political unrest preventing us from performing services for that customer. 
Two of the six MALT LNG Carriers in our 52%-owned MALT Joint Venture, the Marib Spirit and Arwa Spirit, were 
chartered-out to Yemen LNG under long-term charter contracts with YLNG. However, due to the political unrest in 
Yemen, YLNG decided to temporarily close operation of its LNG plant in Yemen in 2015. As a result, commencing 
January 1, 2016, the Teekay LNG-Marubeni Joint Venture, a joint venture between TGP and Marubeni 
Corporation, agreed to successive deferral arrangements with YLNG pursuant to which a portion of the charter 
payments were deferred. Concurrently with the expiration of the most current deferral arrangement, in April 2019, 
the MALT Joint Venture entered into a suspension agreement with YLNG (the Suspension Agreement) pursuant 
to which the MALT Joint Venture and YLNG agreed to suspend the two charter contracts for a period of up to 
three years from the date of the agreement.  
If we lose a key LNG time-charter, we may be unable to redeploy the related vessel on terms as favorable to us 
due to the long-term nature of most LNG time-charters and the lack of an established LNG spot market. If we are 
unable to redeploy a LNG carrier, we will not receive any revenues from that vessel, but we may be required to 
pay expenses necessary to maintain the vessel in proper operating condition. In addition, if a customer exercises 
its right to purchase a vessel, we would not receive any further revenue from the vessel and may be unable to 
obtain a substitute vessel and charter. This may cause us to receive decreased revenue and cash flows from 
having fewer vessels operating in our fleet. Any compensation under our charters for a purchase of the vessels 
may not adequately compensate us for the loss of the vessel and related time-charter. 
The loss of certain of our customers, time-charters or vessels, or a decline in payments under our charters, could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 
Financing agreements containing operating and financial restrictions may restrict our business and 
financing activities.  
The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our financing arrangements and any future financing  
agreements could adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to pursue and 
expand or pursue our business activities. For example, these financing arrangements may include covenants 
which restrict our ability to: 
• 
incur or guarantee indebtedness, which may restrict our ability to provide parent company guarantees; 
• 
change ownership or structure, including mergers, consolidations, liquidations and dissolutions, which 
may restrict our ability to implement certain corporate transactions including a change of control;

--- Page 11 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
• 
make dividends or distributions when in default of the relevant loans, which may impact our ability to 
receive cash distributions from our subsidiaries, and in turn adversely impacting our overall cash 
position; 
• 
make certain negative pledges and grant certain liens, which may restrict our ability to securitize certain 
of our assets; 
• 
sell, transfer, assign or convey assets, which may restrict our ability to timely complete transactions to 
sell our assets on competitive terms; 
• 
compliance with applicable sanctions; 
• 
make certain investments; and 
• 
enter into new lines of business. 
Some of our financing arrangements require us to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, to maintain 
certain ratios of vessel values as it relates to the relevant outstanding principal balance, to maintain a minimum 
level of aggregate liquidity, to maintain leverage below a maximum level and require certain of our subsidiaries to 
maintain restricted cash deposits. Our ability to comply with covenants and restrictions contained in debt 
instruments may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry 
conditions. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, compliance with these covenants may be impaired. 
If restrictions, covenants, ratios or tests in the financing agreements are breached, a significant portion or all of 
the obligations may become immediately due and payable, and the lenders’ commitment to make further loans 
may terminate. This could lead to cross-defaults under other financing agreements and result in obligations 
becoming due and commitments being terminated under such agreements. A default under financing agreements 
could also result in foreclosure on any of our vessels and other assets securing related loans. 
In September 2019, OFAC imposed sanctions on COSCO Shipping Tanker (Dalian) Co., Ltd. (or COSCO Dalian). 
At the time, COSCO Dalian owned 50% of China LNG Shipping (Holdings) Limited (or CLNG). CLNG was not listed 
on the OFAC Order as a Specially Designated National or involved in any sanctioned activity, but by virtue of being 
50%-owned by COSCO Dalian at the time, CLNG was designated as a “Blocked Person” under OFAC's deeming 
rules. CLNG, in turn, owns a 50% interest in our Yamal LNG joint venture (or the Yamal LNG Joint Venture), which 
owns six on-the-water ARC7 LNG carriers. As a result of CLNG’s 50% interest, the Yamal LNG Joint Venture at the 
time also qualified as a “Blocked Person" under OFAC's deeming rules. In October 2019, the COSCO group 
completed an ownership restructuring on arms'-length terms pursuant to which its 50% interest in CLNG was 
transferred from COSCO Dalian to a non-sanctioned COSCO entity, which automatically resulted in CLNG and the 
Yamal LNG Joint Venture no longer being classified as a “Blocked Person” under OFAC's deeming rules. Although 
CLNG and, by implication, our Yamal LNG Joint Venture were absolved from sanctions as a result of the October 
2019 restructuring, subsequently in January 2020, OFAC lifted its sanctions against COSCO Dalian. As our Yamal 
LNG Joint Venture became a Blocked Person between September 2019 to October 2019, our Yamal LNG Joint 
Venture (which is 50% severally guaranteed by the Company) was in breach of the sanctions covenants under its 
facility agreement. With the resolution of the sanctions matter in 2019, the Yamal LNG Joint Venture has remainedin 
full compliance with the conveants under its facility agreement. 
Furthermore, the termination of any of our charter contracts by our customers could result in the repayment of the 
debt facilities to which the chartered vessels relate. 
 
 
 
 
Risks related to the Bonds  
 
All investments in interest bearing securities have risk associated with such investment. The risk is related to the 
general volatility in the market for such securities, varying liquidity in a single bond issue as well as company 
specific risk factors. There are five main risk factors that sum up the investors' total risk exposure when investing 
in interest bearing securities: liquidity risk, interest rate risk, settlement risk, credit risk and market risk (both in 
general and issuer specific). 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that a party interested in trading bonds cannot do it because nobody in the market wants 
to trade the bonds. Missing demand for the bonds may result in a loss for the bondholder.    
 
Interest rate risk is the risk that results from the variability of the NIBOR interest rate. The coupon payments, 
which depend on the NIBOR interest rate and the Margin, will vary in accordance with the variability of the NIBOR 
interest rate. The interest rate risk related to this bond issue will be limited, since the coupon rate will be adjusted 
quarterly according to the change in the reference interest rate (NIBOR 3 months) over the tenor. The primary 
price risk for a floating rate bond issue will be related to the market view of the correct trading level for the credit

--- Page 12 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
spread related to the bond issue at a certain time during the tenor, compared with the credit margin the bond 
issue is carrying. A possible increase in the credit spread trading level relative to the coupon defined credit margin 
may relate to general changes in the market conditions and/or Issuer specific circumstances. However, under 
normal market circumstances the anticipated tradable credit spread will fall as the duration of the bond issue 
becomes shorter. In general, the price of bonds will fall when the credit spread in the market increases, and 
conversely the bond price will increase when the market spread decreases. 
 
Credit risk is the risk that the Borrower fails to make the required payments under the Loan (either principal or 
interest). A missing payment may be temporary, meaning that payments to the investors will be delayed. Or a 
missing payment may be lasting, meaning that the investors lose the principal or the interest or both.    
 
Market risk is the risk that the value of the bonds will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk 
factors. The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in accordance with the interest rate and credit markets in 
general, the market view of the credit risk of that particular bond issue, and the liquidity of this bond issue in the 
market. In spite of an underlying positive development in the Issuers business activities, the price of a bond may 
fall independent of this fact. Bond issues with a relatively short tenor and a floating rate coupon rate do however 
in general carry a lower price risk compared to bonds with a longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon rate. 
 
Settlement risk is the risk that the settlement of bonds does not take place as agreed. The settlement risk consists 
of the failure to pay or the failure to deliver the bonds.  
 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a Joint Bookrunner may be 
entered into.For Bonds without a market-maker agreement, the liquidity of bonds will at all times depend on the 
market participants view of the credit quality of the Issuer as well as established and available credit lines.

--- Page 13 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
2 Definitions 
 
Annual Report of 2019 
TGP's report for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 
Annual Report of 2018 
TGP's report for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 
Arc7 LNG carrier 
Means the 172,000 cbm ice class LNG carriers. 
 
Bareboat charter 
Means a contract for the chartering of a vessel, pursuant to which the 
respective charterer is responsible for all crewing and related provisions. 
 
Base Prospectus 
 This document dated 21 January 2021. 
 
 
 The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subjet of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Company/Teekay LNG Partners/ 
TGP 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P.  
 
Exmar LPG BVBA 
Means Exmar LPG BVBA, a Belgian company formed as a joint venture 
between the Issuer and Exmar NV with respect to certain LPG carriers.  
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of 
this template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Forward Looking Statements: 
Means statements relating to future events and the Company’s operations, 
objectives, expectations, performance, financial condition and intentions, 
and, by their nature, are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and 
are entirely qualified by the description set forth in Section 4 of this 
Registration Document including the fact that such statements are based 
upon the Company’s reasonable assumptions at the time such statements 
were made. Accordingly, the Company can give no assurance that these 
expectations will be achieved or that the actual results will be as set out in 
this Registration Document. 
 
FSU 
Means a floating storage unit. 
 
GAAP 
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
Global Coordinators and  
Joint Bookrunners 
DNB Bank ASA and Nordea Bank Abp, Norwegian branch 
 
Group 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. and its subsidiaries from time to time 
 
Issuer 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Joint Bookrunners 
Danske Bank A/S, Norwegian branch, Swedbank Norge, branch of 
Swedbank AB (publ), Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Oslo 
Branch, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Arctic 
Securities AS.

--- Page 14 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
LNG 
Liquefied natural gas (LNG). LNG consists of methane and ethane and 
becomes liquid when cooled down to approximately minus 162 degrees 
Celsius. In liquid form it takes up about 1/600th the volume of natural gas, 
which makes storage and transport easier and safer. 
 
LNG carrier 
Specialized ships that carry super-cooled liquefied natural gas.  
 
LPG 
Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). LPG consists of hydrocarbon gases and 
becomes liquid under pressure. The required pressure depends on 
composition of the gas and the temperature.  
 
LPG carrier 
Ships that carry refined petroleum products such as butane, propane, 
propylene and ethylene. 
 
MEGI LNG Carrier 
Means an LNG carrier equipped with MEGI twin engines. 
 
MEGI twin engines 
Means the M-type, electronically controlled, gas injection twin engines 
being utilized in TGP’s MEGI LNG Carriers, and which are expected to be 
significantly more fuel efficient and have lower emission levels compared 
to previous engine technology utilized in LNG shipping. 
 
NYSE 
New York Stock Exchange 
 
Omnibus agreement 
Means the agreement dated May 10, 2005, as amended, among the 
Issuer, Teekay Corporation, Teekay Offshore Partners LP and certain 
other affiliates regarding the procedures for pursuing certain business 
opportunities amongst such parties.   
 
Quarterly Report Q3 2020 
TGP's report for the quarter ended September 30, 2020. 
 
Quarterly Report Q2 2020 
TGP's report for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. 
 
Quarterly Report Q1 2020   
      TGP's report for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. 
 
RasGas II Leases 
Means the three separate 30-year capital leases entered into by our 
RasGas II joint venture and which were voluntarily terminated by the joint 
venture on December 22, 2014. 
 
RasGas II LNG Carriers 
Means the three LNG carriers that were previously subject to the RasGas 
II Leases (prior to their early termination) and which remain on charter to 
Ras Laffan Liquefied Natural Gas Company Limited (II). 
 
SEC 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
SPV 
Special Purpose Vehicle 
 
Tangguh Joint Venture 
Teekay BLT Corporation, a joint venture company that is 70% indirectly 
owned by the Company and 30% indirectly owned by PT Berlian Laju 
Tanker, and which owns and operates that Tangguh Hiri and Tangguh 
Sago LNG carriers. 
 
Teekay Corporation  
Teekay Corporation and/or any one or more of its subsidiaries. 
 
The General Partner  
Teekay GP L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of Teekay Corporation. 
 
The Partnership 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Time-charter 
Means a contract for the chartering of a vessel for a pre-agreed fixed 
period of time.  
 
YLNG 
Means the Yamal LNG project, which is sponsored by Novatek (50.1%), 
Total (20%), CNPC (20%) and Silk Road Fund (9.9%).

--- Page 15 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.    
 
 
Hamilton (Bermuda), 21 January 2021 
 
 
 
 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
By its general partner, Teekay GP L.L.C. 
 
 
 
 
N. Angelique Burgess 
Seretary of Teekay GP L.L.C.

--- Page 16 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
4 Statutory Auditors   
The Company’s auditor for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 was KPMG LLP, independent 
registered public accounting firm, located at 777 Dunsmuir Street, Suite 900, PO Box 10426, Vancouver, British 
Columbia V7Y 1K3, Canada. 
 
KPMG LLP is an independent registered public accounting firm with the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board.  KPMG LLP has not audited, reviewed or produced any report on any information provided in this Base 
Prospectus, except with respect to its audit reports on TGP's consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years 
ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, incorporated by reference as per Section 2 of the Base Prospectus. 
 
The consolidated financial statements of TGP have been prepared in conformity with GAAP and include the 
accounts of the Company, the accounts of its wholly owned or controlled subsidiaries, and the accounts of the 
Dropdown Predecessor (as defined in Section 2).

--- Page 17 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 History and development of the Company 
5.1.1 Name and contact details 
The legal name of the Issuer is Teekay LNG Partners L.P., the commercial name is Teekay LNG Partners. 
 
The address, telephone number and website of the Issuer is as follow: 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda 
Telephone (441) 298-2530 
Website https://www.teekay.com/ 
 
The information on the website mentioned above does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
5.1.2 Place of registration, registration number and LEI code 
The Company is registered in the Marshall Islands Register of Companies with registration number 950008. The 
Company’s LEI code is 549300CP38L0UER0I397. 
 
5.1.3 Incorporation, domicile and legal form  
The Company is incorporated in the Republic of the Marshall Islands. Teekay LNG Partners L.P. was formed on 3 
November 2004.   
 
The Company is a limited partnership organized under the laws of The Republic of The Marshall Islands.  The 
Company operates under the provisions of the Marshall Islands Limited Partnership Act.  
 
5.1.4 Objects and purposes  
Pursuant to its 5th Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, the Issuer is empowered to engage in 
any business activity that is approved by its General Partner. Since its formation, the Issuer has been engaged in 
the business of owning and operating LNG/LPG vessels and other LNG assets, including most recently its interest 
in an LNG regasification terminal.   
 
5.1.5 Changes in borrowing and funding structure since the last financial 
year 
No material recent events. As is customary in the shipping industry, the Issuer obtains the majority of its borowings 
at its subsidiary levels. 
 
5.1.6 Expected financing of activities 
During the first quarter of 2021, the Company expects to refinance its existing facility agreement for its Tangguh 
Joint Venture with a new facility agreement for approximately up to $200 million. The new facility agreement is 
expected to have a term of five years and will be secured by the two LNG carriers wholly-owned by the Tangguh 
Joint Venture, the Tanguh Hiri and Tangguh Sago.  
 
In October 2021, one of the Company’s Norwegian Kroner bond issuances will mature. Accordingly, prior to or 
during the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company may retire the bond in full or in part with existing cash and undrawn 
lines on hand, or seek to refinance the bond with a new Norwegian Kroner bond issuance.

--- Page 18 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
6 Business Overview    
6.1 General  
 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. is an international provider of marine transportation services focusing on LNG and 
LPG. We were formed in 2004 by Teekay Corporation (NYSE: TK), a portfolio manager of marine services to the 
global oil and gas industries, to expand its operations in the LNG shipping sector. TGP is publicly listed on the 
New York stock exchange under the ticker TGP and is 42.4% owned by Teekay Corporation through its general 
and limited partner interest and is controlted by its general partner, which is 100% owned by Teekay Corporation. 
 
Our primary strategy focuses on servicing our customers through our fleet of LNG and LPG carriers under 
medium to long-term, fixed-rate charters. In executing our strategy, we may engage in vessel or business 
acquisitions or enter into joint ventures and partnerships with companies that provide increased access to 
emerging opportunities from global expansion of the LNG and LPG sectors. We seek to leverage the expertise, 
relationships and reputation of Teekay Corporation and its affiliates to pursue these opportunities in the LNG and 
LPG sectors and may consider other opportunities to which our competitive strengths are well suited, including 
entering into the LNG receiving and regasification terminal business. 
 
6.1.1 Main categories of services performed and principal markets  
 
Liquefied Natural Gas Segment 
 
LNG Carriers 
 
The LNG carriers in our liquefied natural gas segment compete in the LNG market. LNG carriers are usually 
chartered to carry LNG pursuant to time-charter contracts, where a vessel is hired for a fixed period of time and 
the charter rate is payable to the owner on a monthly basis and in advance. LNG shipping historically has been 
transacted with long-term, fixed-rate time-charter contracts. LNG projects require significant capital expenditures 
and typically involve an integrated chain of dedicated facilities and cooperative activities. Accordingly, the overall 
success of an LNG project depends heavily on long-range planning and coordination of project activities, 
including marine transportation. Most shipping requirements for new LNG projects continue to be provided on a 
long-term basis, though the levels of spot voyages (typically consisting of a single voyage), short-term time-
charters and medium-term time-charters have grown in recent years.  
 
In the LNG market, we compete principally with other private and state-controlled energy and utilities companies 
that generally operate captive fleets, and independent ship owners and operators. Many major energy companies 
compete directly with independent owners by transporting LNG for third parties in addition to their own LNG. 
Given the complex, long-term nature of LNG projects, major energy companies historically have transported LNG 
through their captive fleets. However, independent fleet operators have been obtaining an increasing percentage 
of charters for new or expanded LNG projects as some major energy companies have continued to divest non-
core businesses. 
 
LNG carriers transport LNG internationally between liquefaction facilities and import terminals. After natural gas is 
transported by pipeline from production fields to a liquefaction facility, it is supercooled to a temperature of 
approximately negative 260 degrees Fahrenheit. This process reduces its volume to approximately 1/600th of its 
volume in a gaseous state. The reduced volume facilitates economical storage and transportation by ship over 
long distances, enabling countries with limited natural gas reserves or limited access to long-distance 
transmission pipelines to import natural gas. LNG carriers include a sophisticated containment system that holds 
the LNG and provides insulation to reduce the amount of LNG that boils off naturally. The natural boil off is either 
used as fuel to power the engines on the ship or it can be reliquefied and put back into the tanks. LNG is 
transported overseas in specially built tanks in double-hulled ships to a receiving terminal, where it is offloaded 
and stored in insulated tanks. In regasification facilities at the receiving terminal, the LNG is returned to its 
gaseous state (or regasified) and then shipped by pipeline for distribution to natural gas customers. 
 
With the exception of the Arctic Spirit and Polar Spirit, which are the only two ships in the world that utilize the 
Ishikawajima Harima Heavy Industries Self Supporting Prismatic Tank IMO Type B (or IHI SPB) independent tank 
technology, our fleet uses two of the Gaz Transport and Technigaz (or GTT) membrane containment systems. 
The GTT membrane systems are used in the majority of LNG tankers now being constructed. New LNG carriers 
generally have an expected lifespan of approximately 35 to 40 years. Unlike the oil tanker industry, there are 
currently no regulations that require the phase-out from trading of LNG carriers after they reach a certain age.  
 
Our LNG fleet is 97% and 89% fixed on primarily long-term contracts in 2021 and 2022, respectively, with major 
energy and utility companies with various vessel contracts maturing in 2021 through 2045. We currently have

--- Page 19 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
three customer contracts scheduled to mature in 2021, which incudes contracts on two 100%-owned LNG 
carriers, the Creole Spirit and Oak Spirit, and one 52%-owned LNG carrier, the Arwa Spirit. Our LNG carriers 
operate globally lifting LNG from many of the world’s major LNG projects, which includes projects located in the 
United States, Australia, Russia, West Africa, Qatar and Indonesia. In addition to lifting LNG cargoes from such 
regions, based on the requirements of our charterers, we also discharge cargoes at terminals located in Europe, 
Asia, and South America. We also conduct crew changes and other operational matters across numerous 
countries, including in the Middle East. We currently have no formal plans to order new vessels or vessel sales at 
this time.    
 
The following table provides information about the LNG carriers in our operating fleet as of December 1, 2020: 
   
Consolidated Fleet 
 
Vessel 
% Ownership 
 Size (CBM)  
Year Built 
Arctic Spirit 
100 
          87,305  
1993 
Polar Spirit 
100 
          87,305  
1993 
Hispania Spirit 
100 
        137,814  
2002 
Catalunya Spirit 
100 
        135,423  
2003 
Galicia Spirit 
100 
        137,814  
2004 
Madrid Spirit 
100 
        135,423  
2004 
Al Marrouna 
70 
        149,539  
2006 
Al Areesh 
70 
        148,786  
2007 
Al Daayen 
70 
        148,853  
2007 
Tangguh Hiri 
70 
        151,885  
2008 
Tangguh Sago 
70 
        155,000  
2009 
Magellan Spirit 
100%-  
Chartered-in(1) 
165,700 
2009 
Creole Spirit 
100-  
Finance lease(2) 
        173,400  
2016 
Oak Spirit 
100-  
Finance lease(2) 
        173,400  
2016 
Macoma 
100-  
Finance lease(2) 
        173,400  
2017 
Murex 
100-  
Finance lease(2) 
        173,400  
2017 
Torben Spirit 
100-  
Finance lease(2) 
        173,400  
2017 
Bahrain Spirit 
100 
        173,400  
2018 
Magdala 
100-  
Finance lease(2) 
        173,400  
2018 
Megara 
100-  
Finance lease(2) 
        173,400  
2018 
Myrina 
100-  
Finance lease(2) 
        173,400  
2018 
Sean Spirit 
100 
        174,000  
2019 
Yamal Spirit 
100-  
Finance lease(2) 
        174,000  
2019 
 
(1) The Magellan Spirit is chartered-in from our 52%-owned joint venture with Marubeni until June 2022.  
(2) We are the lessee for these obligations related to finance leases and will be required to purchase the vessel after the 
end of the lease terms for a fixed price. 
 
Equity-Accounted Fleet 
 
Vessel 
% Ownership 
 Size (CBM)  
Year Built 
Excalibur 
50 
        138,034  
2002 
Al Huwaila 
40 
        214,176  
2008 
Al Kharsaah 
40 
        214,198  
2008 
Al Khuwair 
40 
        213,101  
2008 
Al Shamal 
40 
        213,536  
2008 
Arwa Spirit 
52 
        165,500  
2008 
Marib Spirit 
52 
        165,500  
2008 
Methane Spirit 
52 
        165,500  
2008

--- Page 20 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
Magellan Spirit 
52 
        165,700  
2009 
Woodside Donaldson 
52 
        165,500  
2009 
Meridian Spirit 
52 
        165,500  
2010 
Lobito 
33 
        160,400  
2011 
Malanje 
33 
        160,400  
2011 
Soyo 
33 
        160,400  
2011 
Cubal 
33 
        160,400  
2012 
Pan Asia 
30 
        174,000  
2017 
Eduard Toll 
50 
        172,410  
2018 
Pan Americas 
30 
        174,000  
2018 
Pan Europe 
20 
        174,000  
2018 
Rudolf Samoylovich 
50 
        172,410  
2018 
Georgiy Ushakov 
50 
        172,410 
2019 
Nikolay Yevgenov 
50 
        172,410  
2019 
Pan Africa 
20 
        174,000  
2019 
Vladimir Voronin 
50 
        172,410  
2019 
Yakov Gakkel 
50 
        172,410  
2019 
 
Other Assets 
 
We have a 30% ownership interest in an LNG receiving and regasification terminal in Bahrain. In addition, we 
provide the operation and maintenance services to the Bahrain terminal. The Bahrain LNG Joint Venture 
completed the mechanical construction and commissioning of the Bahrain terminal in late-2019 and began 
receiving terminal use payments in early-2020 under its 20-year agreement with NOGA. 
 
Liquefied Petroleum Gas Segment 
 
LPG and Multi-gas Carriers 
 
LPG shipping involves the transportation of three main categories of cargo: liquid petroleum gases, including 
propane, butane and ethane; petrochemical gases, including ethylene, propylene and butadiene; and ammonia. 
 
In the LPG market, we compete principally with independent ship owners and operators, and other private and 
state-controlled energy and chemical companies that generally operate captive fleets. 
 
LPG carriers are mainly chartered to carry LPG on time-charters, contracts of affreightment or spot voyage 
charters. The two largest consumers of LPG are residential users and the petrochemical industry. Residential 
users, particularly in developing regions where electricity and gas pipelines are not developed, do not have fuel 
switching alternatives and generally are not LPG price sensitive. The petrochemical industry, however, has the 
ability to switch between LPG and other feedstock fuels depending on price and availability of alternatives. 
 
Our LPG fleet is 63% and 27% fixed on fixed-rate contracts in 2021 and 2022 with the remaining operating on the 
spot market. Our LPG carriers operate globally lifting LPG and ammonia. We may consider ordering new mid-size 
LPG carriers as part of our ongoing fleet renewal program, which also includes the sales or green recyclying of 
some of our older vessels.    
 
The following table provides information about our LPG and multi-gas carriers in our operating fleet as of 
December 1, 2020: 
 
Consolidated Fleet 
 
Vessel 
% Ownership 
 Size (CBM)  
Year Built 
Napa Spirit 
100 
          10,200  
2003 
Sonoma Spirit 
100 
            8,000 
2003 
Cathinka Spirit 
100 
          10,000 
2009 
Pan Spirit 
100 
          10,000 
2009 
Camilla Spirit 
100 
          10,000  
2011 
Unikum Spirit 
100 
          12,000  
2011 
Vision Spirit 
100 
          12,000  
2011

--- Page 21 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
 
Equity-Accounted Fleet 
 
Vessel 
% Ownership 
 Size (CBM)  
Year Built 
Temse 
50- 
Finance lease(1) 
          12,030  
1995 
Touraine 
50 
          39,270  
1996 
Brussels 
50 
          35,454  
1997 
Eupen 
50 
          38,961  
1999 
Bastogne 
50 
          35,229  
2002 
Antwerpen 
50%- 
Chartered-in 
          35,223  
2005 
Libramont 
50 
          38,455  
2006 
Sombeke 
50 
          38,447  
2006 
Sylvie 
50%- 
Chartered-in 
          35,000  
2007 
BW Tokyo 
50%- 
Chartered-in 
          83,270  
2009 
Waasmuntster 
50 
          38,245  
2014 
Waregem 
50 
          38,189  
2014 
Warinsart 
50 
          38,213  
2014 
Kaprijke 
50 
          38,000  
2015 
Warisoulx 
50 
          38,000  
2015 
Knokke 
50 
          38,000  
2016 
Kontich 
50 
          38,000  
2016 
Kortrijk 
50 
          38,000  
2016 
Kallo 
50- 
Finance lease(1) 
          38,000  
2017 
Kruibeke 
50- 
Finance lease(1) 
          38,000  
2017 
Kapellen 
50- 
Finance lease(1) 
          38,000  
2018 
Koksijde 
50- 
Finance lease(1) 
          38,500  
2018 
Wepion 
50 
          38,200  
2018 
 
 
(1) Exmar LPG BVBA, in which we have a 50% ownership interest, is the lessee for these obligations related to finance 
leases and will be required to purchase the vessel after the end of the lease terms for a fixed price. 
 
6.1.2 Indication of any significant new products or activities 
 
Apart from its current business activities relating to LNG/LPG vessels and its interest in an LNG regasification 
unit, the Issuer does not anticipate entering into new products or activities.

--- Page 22 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
7 Organizational structure 
7.1 Description of Issuer  
 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. is an international provider of marine transportation services focusing on LNG and LPG. 
We were formed in 2004 by Teekay Corporation (NYSE: TK), a portfolio manager of marine services to the global 
oil and natural gas industries, to expand its operations in the LNG shipping sector. Our primary strategy focuses on 
servicing our customers through our fleet of LNG and LPG carriers under medium to long-term, fixed-rate charters. 
In executing our strategy, we may engage in vessel or business acquisitions or enter into joint ventures and 
partnerships with companies that provide increased access to emerging opportunities from global expansion of the 
LNG and LPG sectors. We seek to leverage the expertise, relationships and reputation of Teekay Corporation and 
its affiliates to pursue these opportunities in the LNG and LPG sectors and may consider other opportunities to 
which our competitive strengths are well suited, including entering into the LNG receiving and regasification terminal 
business. 
 
As of December 31, 2020, our fleet consisted of interests in 47 LNG carriers and 30 LPG and multi-gas carriers. In 
addition, as at December 31, 2020, we had an interest in one LNG receiving and regasification terminal in Bahrain, 
in which we own a 30% interest. 
 
TGP's sole general partner is Teekay GP L.L.C., which is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Teekay Corporation. 
The following represents an organizational chart of the Company as of the date of this Prospectus: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following is a formal list of all of Teekay LNG’s companies as of the date of this Prospectus: 
 
Company Name 
Parent 
% 
Country 
1 
Al Areesh L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
2 
Al Daayen L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
3 
Al Huwaila Inc. 
100% 
MI 
4 
Al Kharsaah Inc. 
100% 
MI 
5 
Al Khuwair Inc. 
100% 
MI 
6 
Al Marrouna L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
7 
Al Shamal Inc. 
100% 
MI 
8 
Alexander Spirit L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
11 
Arctic Spirit L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
16 
Bahrain LNG W.L.L. 
30% 
Bahrain 
17 
Bahrain Spirit L.L.C. (was:  DSME Hull No. 2461 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
21 
Bermuda Spirit L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
22 
Creole Spirit L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
23 
DHJS Hull No. 2007-001 L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
24 
DHJS Hull No. 2007-002 L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
29 
European Spirit L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
31 
Exmar Gas Shipping Limited 
100% 
Hong Kong 
Teekay LNG 
Partners L.P. 
Teekay Corporation 
Public Unitholders 
42.39% 
57.61%

--- Page 23 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
32 
Exmar LPG BVBA 
50% 
Belgium 
33 
Exmar Shipping BVBA 
100% 
Belgium 
37 
Good Investment Limited 
100% 
Hong Kong 
47 
Macoma L.L.C. (was: DSME Hull No. 2417 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
48 
Magdala L.L.C. (was: DSME Option Vessel No.1 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
49 
Magellan Spirit APS 
100% 
Denmark 
50 
Malt LNG Holdings APS 
100% 
Denmark 
51 
Malt LNG Netherlands Holdings B.V. 
52% 
Netherlands 
52 
Malt LNG Transport APS 
100% 
Denmark 
53 
Malt Singapore Pte Ltd. 
100% 
Singapore 
55 
Megara L.L.C. (was: DSME Option Vessel No.3 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
56 
Membrane Shipping Limited 
100% 
MI 
57 
Meridian Spirit APS 
100% 
Denmark 
58 
Methane Spirit L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
59 
MiNT LNG I, Ltd. 
33% 
Bahamas 
60 
MiNT LNG II, Ltd. 
33% 
Bahamas 
61 
MiNT LNG III, Ltd. 
33% 
Bahamas 
62 
MiNT LNG IV, Ltd. 
33% 
Bahamas 
65 
Murex L.L.C. (was: DSME Hull No. 2416 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
66 
Myrina L.L.C. (was: DSME Option Vessel No.2 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
67 
Nakilat Holdco L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
68 
Naviera Teekay Gas II, S.L.U. 
100% 
Spain 
69 
Naviera Teekay Gas III, S.L.U. 
100% 
Spain 
70 
Naviera Teekay Gas IV, S.L.U. 
100% 
Spain 
71 
Naviera Teekay Gas, S.L.U. 
100% 
Spain 
73 
Oak Spirit L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
74 
Pan Africa LNG Transportation Company Limited 
20% 
Hong Kong 
75 
Pan Americas LNG Transportation Company Limited 
30% 
Hong Kong 
76 
Pan Asia LNG Transportation Company Limited 
30% 
Hong Kong 
77 
Pan Europe LNG Transportation Company Limited 
20% 
Hong Kong 
81 
Polar Spirit L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
84 
Sean Spirit L.L.C. (was: H.H.I. Hull No. S856 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
87 
Solaia Shipping L.L.C. 
50% 
Liberia 
88 
Sonoma L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
108 
Taizhou Hull No. WZL 0501 L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
109 
Taizhou Hull No. WZL 0502 L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
110 
Taizhou Hull No. WZL 0503 L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
111 
Tangguh Hiri Finance Limited 
100% 
UK 
112 
Tangguh Hiri Operating Limited 
100% 
UK 
113 
Tangguh Sago Finance Limited 
100% 
UK 
114 
Tangguh Sago Operating Limited 
100% 
UK 
117 
TC LNG EXPLORER I L.L.C. (formerly DSME Hull No. 2423 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
118 
TC LNG EXPLORER II L.L.C. (formerly DSME Hull No. 2425 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
119 
TC LNG EXPLORER III L.L.C. (formerly DSME Hull No. 2430 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
120 
TC LNG EXPLORER IV L.L.C. (formerly DSME Hull No. 2431 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI

--- Page 24 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
121 
TC LNG EXPLORER V L.L.C. (formerly DSME Hull No. 2433 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
122 
TC LNG EXPLORER VI L.L.C. (formerly DSME Hull No. 2434 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
123 
TC LNG Shipping L.L.C. 
50% 
MI 
124 
Teekay BLT Corporation 
70% 
MI 
125 
Teekay BLT Finance Corporation 
100% 
MI 
131 
Teekay Gas Group Ltd. 
100% 
MI 
137 
Teekay LNG Bahrain Operations L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
138 
Teekay LNG Chartering L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
139 
Teekay LNG Holdco L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
140 
Teekay LNG Operating L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
141 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
n/a 
MI 
142 
Teekay LNG Project Services L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
143 
Teekay LNG US GP L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
144 
Teekay Luxembourg S.a.r.l. 
100% 
Luxembourg 
151 
Teekay Nakilat (II) Limited 
100% 
UK 
152 
Teekay Nakilat (III) Corporation 
40% 
MI 
153 
Teekay Nakilat Corporation 
70% 
MI 
154 
Teekay Nakilat Holdings (III) Corporation 
100% 
MI 
155 
Teekay Nakilat Holdings Corporation 
100% 
MI 
168 
Teekay Spain, S.L.U. 
100% 
Spain 
169 
Teekay Tangguh Borrower L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
170 
Teekay Tangguh Holdings Corporation 
100% 
MI 
184 
Torben Spirit L.L.C. (was: DSME Hull No. 2411 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
188 
Yamal Spirit L.L.C. (H.H.I. Hull No. S857 L.L.C.) 
100% 
MI 
191 
Zhonghua Hull NO. 451 L.L.C. 
100% 
MI 
 
 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
As cash distributions from TGP’s subsidiaries represent a significant source of TGP's cash flow, TGP is 
dependent upon all of the companies listed in clause 7.1. Therefore, the profit of TGP makes it dependent on the 
results of the operations of TGP's subsidiaries.   
 
TGP depends on Teekay Corporation to aid it in the operation of its business and competing in its markets.   
 
Teekay GP L.L.C., TGP's general partner, manages TGP's operations and activities. Therefore, TGP is 
dependent on Teekay GP L.L.C. Please read Section 9.2.

--- Page 25 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
8 Trend information  
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
8.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
 
The Recent Outbreak of the Covid-19 Virus 
Subsequent to the release of TGP’s Quarterly Report Q4 2019, the Covid-19 virus outbreak has had a further 
negative development around the world. Moreover, the recent development in OPEC+ has caused a sharp decline 
in the oil price. These two combined effects have caused a significant negative trend in, amongst other things, the 
commodity and financial markets, which has led to weakening of currencies, share prices, bonds prices, commodity 
prices, freight rates, and interest rate levels, putting a significant pressure on the world’s financial systems. These 
circumstances have had a negative effect on the market value of derivatives held to hedge currency and interest 
rate exposures. TGP is at the date of this base prospectus experiencing limited operational impact from Covid-19, 
but the situation is dynamic and could change quickly, in particular with regard to maritime personnel and logistical 
challenges. Although TGP’s operations have not, to date, been directly impacted by the virus, the Company is 
taking measures to mitigate the risks to employees and operations. Currently, TGP is continuously monitoring the 
Covid-19 situation, to ensure that it is prepared in the best way possible to address any changes with regards to 
personnel, the LNG and the LPG markets, governmental restrictions and other areas affecting operations. 
 
The current pandemic could significantly and adversely impact TGP’s maritime operations, onshore support, 
corporate activities, customers, vendors and the countries in which it operates. Further, the pandemic could impact 
the demand for natural gas and therefore reduce the business opportunities for TGP. This could have a significant 
adverse impact on TGP’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. It is not possible to accurately 
forecast the short-term and long-term impact of the Covid-19 virus on TGP’s business as of the date of this base 
prospectus, except that until the date of this base prospectus there has been limited effect on its employees, 
operations or revenues.

--- Page 26 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons 
 
TGP maintains its principal executive headquarters at 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, 
HM 08, Bermuda. 
 
TGP does not have directors and executive officers. Teekay GP L.L.C., TGP's general partner, manages TGP's 
operations and activities.  Please read Section .2. 
 
 
Directors and Executive Officers of Teekay GP L.L.C.: 
 
Name 
Position,  
Teekay  GP L.L.C. 
Business address 
Kenneth Hvid 
Chairperson  
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 
Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda 
C. Sean Day  
Director 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 
Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda 
Alan Semple 
Director 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 
Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda 
David Schellenberg 
Director 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 
Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda 
Richard D. Paterson  
Director 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 
Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda 
Sylvia Barnes 
Director 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 
69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda 
N. Angelique Burgess 
Secretary 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 
Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda 
 
Kenneth Hvid joined the board of Teekay GP L.L.C., the general partner of Teekay LNG Partners L.P., in 2018, 
having previously served as a director from 2011 to 2015, and was appointed as its chairman in May 2019. Mr. Hvid 
was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer of Teekay Corporation in 2017 and has served as a director 
since June 2019. He has also served as director of Teekay Tankers Ltd since 2017 and was appointed as its 
chairman in June 2019. Mr. Hvid joined Teekay Corporation in 2000 and was promoted to Senior Vice President, 
Teekay Gas Services, in 2004 and to President of the Teekay Navion Shuttle Tankers and Offshore division in 
2006. He served as Teekay Corporation’s Chief Strategy Officer and Executive Vice President from 2011 to 2015. 
He also served as a director of Altera Infrastructure GP L.L.C. (formerly known as Teekay Offshore GP L.L.C.) from 
2011 to June 2020, and as President and Chief Executive Officer of Teekay Offshore Group Ltd. from 2015 to 2016. 
Mr. Hvid has 30 years of global shipping experience, 12 of which were spent with A.P. Moller in Copenhagen, San 
Francisco and Hong Kong. In 2007, Mr. Hvid joined the board of Gard P. & I. (Bermuda) Ltd. 
 
C. Sean Day has served as a director of Teekay GP L.L.C. since it was formed in 2004, and he served as its 
chairman from 2004 until 2015. Mr. Day served as a director of Teekay Corporation from 1999 until his retirement 
in 2019, and also served as its chairman from 1999 to 2017. He was appointed as Chairman Emeritus of Teekay 
Corporation in December 2017. Mr. Day served as a director and chairman of Altera Infrastructure GP L.L.C. 
(formerly known as Teekay Offshore GP L.L.C.) since it was formed in 2006 until 2017. He also served as a director 
and as chairman of Teekay Tankers Ltd. from 2007 until 2013. From 1989 to 1999, he was President and Chief 
Executive Officer of Navios Corporation, a large bulk shipping company based in Stamford, Connecticut. Prior to 
this, Mr. Day held a number of senior management positions in the shipping and finance industry. He is currently 
serving as a director of Kirby Corporation and Chairman of Compass Diversified Holdings. Mr. Day is engaged as 
a consultant to Kattegat Limited, the parent company of Teekay Corporation’s largest shareholder, to oversee its 
investments, including that in the Teekay group of companies. 
 
Alan Semple joined the board of Teekay GP L.L.C. in May 2019. Mr. Semple has also served as a director of 
Teekay Corporation since 2015. He currently serves as the chairman of the Audit Committees of both Teekay GP 
L.L.C and Teekay Corporation. Mr. Semple brings over 30 years of finance experience, primarily in the energy 
industry, to these roles. He was formerly a director and Chief Financial Officer at John Wood Group PLC (Wood 
Group), a provider of engineering, production support and maintenance management services to the oil and gas 
and power generation industries, a role he held from 2000 until his retirement in 2015. Prior to this, he held a number 
of senior finance roles in Wood Group from 1996. Mr. Semple currently serves on the board of Cactus, Inc. (NYSE: 
WHD) where he is the chairman of the Audit Committee. He also served as a director and chairman of the Audit 
Committee of Cobham PLC (LSE: COB) until 2018.

--- Page 27 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
David Schellenberg joined the board of Teekay GP L.L.C. in May 2019. Mr. Schellenberg joined the board of 
Teekay Corporation in 2017 and was appointed as its chairman in June 2019. He also joined the board of Teekay 
Tankers Ltd. in June 2019. He is a member of the Audit Committees of both Teekay Tankers Ltd. and Teekay 
Corporation. Mr. Schellenberg brings over 25 years of financial and operating leadership experience to these roles. 
He is currently a Managing Director and Principal with Highland West Capital, a private equity firm in Vancouver, 
Canada. Prior to that, Mr. Schellenberg was with specialty aviation and aerospace businesses, Conair Group and 
its subsidiary Cascade Aerospace, from 2000 to 2013 and served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 
2007 to 2013. Mr. Schellenberg also acted as a Managing Director in the Corporate Office of the Jim Pattison 
Group, Canada’s second largest private company, from 1991 to 2000. Mr. Schellenberg is a member of the Young 
Presidents’ Organization, holds an MBA and is a Fellow of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada 
(FCPA, FCA). 
 
Richard D. Paterson joined the board of Teekay GP L.L.C. in May 2019. Mr. Paterson also served on the board of 
Teekay Tankers Ltd. from 2017 until May 2019. He is a certified public accountant who retired from 
PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) in 2011 after 37 years of service. At the time of his retirement, Mr. Paterson 
served as the global leader of PwC’s Consumer, Industrial Products and Services Practices comprising the 
automotive, consumer and retail, energy utilities and mining, industrial products, pharmaceutical and health industry 
sectors. Mr. Paterson also served as Managing Partner of PwC’s Houston Office and U.S. Energy Practice and 
supervised audits of ExxonMobil Corporation from 2002 to 2006. Prior to this position, Mr. Paterson lived in Moscow, 
Russia where he led PwC’s Energy Practice for Europe, Middle East and Asia and also supervised the audits of 
OAO Gazprom. Mr. Paterson currently also serves on the board of Montage Resources Corporation. He is a past 
board member of Zaff GP LLC, the U.S./Russia Business Council and the U.S. Energy Association, and stepped 
down in 2017 from the board and chairmanship of the Audit Committee of Tidewater, the leading offshore vessel 
service provider to the oil and gas industry. He resigned as a member of the board of Saipem Canada, Inc., a 
private company, in 2017. Mr. Paterson also resigned from the board of Parker Drilling Company in March 2019, 
where he was the Presiding Director and chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Mr. Paterson 
holds an MBA. 
 
Sylvia Barnes joined the board of Teekay GP L.L.C. in May 2019. Ms. Barnes brings extensive financial 
experience, energy sector expertise and an engineering background to the Company’s board from her 37-year 
career. Since 2015, she has been Principal and Head of Energy Advisory Services at Tanda Resources LLC. From 
2011 to 2014, she was Managing Director/Group Head Oil & Gas Investment and Corporate Banking at Keybanc 
Capital Markets. From 2009 to 2011, she was Managing Director and Head of Energy Investment Banking Group 
at Madison Williams and Company and from 2003 to 2009, she was Managing Director of Merrill Lynch/Petrie 
Parkman. Ms. Barnes is currently on the board of Ultra Petroleum (NASDAQ:UPL), where she is a member of the 
Compensation Committee, and is also on the board of Pure Acquisition Corp (NYSE:PACQ), where she is the 
chairperson of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation and Nominating and Governance 
Committees. Previously, Ms. Barnes served on the board of Halcón Resources Corporation (NYSE:HK) and as a 
member of its Audit Committee and Reserves Committee, and on the board of Sandridge Energy Inc. (NYSE:SD) 
and as a member and chairperson of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. Ms. 
Barnes has an MBA from York University and a B.Sc. Mechanical Engineering from the University of Manitoba. Ms. 
Barnes is also chairperson of the Santa Maria Hostel Foundation and is a member of the Independent Petroleum 
Association of American (IPAA) Capital Markets Committee and also a member of the National Association of 
Corporate Directors (NACD). 
 
Our Management 
Our General Partner has a Corporate Secretary but does not have any other officers. In February 2017, we and our 
wholly-owned subsidiary, Opco, entered into a service agreement with the Service Provider, Teekay Gas Group 
Ltd., a subsidiary of Opco. The Service Provider provides services using persons employed by various subsidiaries 
of Teekay Corporation, including the services of Mark Kremin, the President and CEO of Service Provider, and 
Scott Gayton, the CFO of Service Provider. The following table provides certain information about the senior 
management team that is principally responsible for our operations and their positions in the Service Provider as at 
the date of this Annual Report. The business address of each of the executive officers of the Service Provider and 
the Corporate Secretary of our General Partner listed below is c/o 4th Floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, 
Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda. 
 
Mark Kremin was appointed President and CEO of Teekay Gas Group Ltd., a company that provides services to 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. and its subsidiaries, in 2017. He was appointed President of Teekay Gas Services in 2015, 
having acted as its Vice President since 2006. In 2000, Mr. Kremin joined Teekay Corporation as in-house counsel and 
subsequently held commercial roles within Teekay Gas. He represents Teekay Gas on boards of joint ventures with 
partners in Asia, Europe and the Middle East. Mr. Kremin has over 20 years’ experience in shipping. Prior to joining 
Teekay, he was an attorney in an admiralty law firm in Manhattan. Prior to attending law school in New York City, he 
worked for a leading owner and operator of container ships. 
 
Scott Gayton was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Teekay Gas Group Ltd., a company that provides services to 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. and its subsidiaries, in June 2018. Mr. Gayton has over 20 years of finance and accounting 
experience, including most recently serving as CFO of Tanker Investments Ltd. from the time of its initial public offering 
until its merger with Teekay Tankers Ltd. Mr. Gayton joined Teekay Corporation in 2001 and has worked in

--- Page 28 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
progressively more senior roles in Finance and Accounting. In 2013, he was promoted to Vice President, Finance, where 
he continues to play an instrumental role in supporting Teekay’s strategy and capital market transactions. Prior to joining 
Teekay Corporation, he worked as a Chartered Accountant in the Vancouver, Canada office of Ernst & Young LLP. 
 
N. Angelique Burgess was appointed as Assistant Corporate Secretary of Teekay Corporation on September 28, 2020. 
She also acts as Corporate Secretary of Teekay GP L.L.C., the general partner of Teekay LNG Partners L.P., and as 
Assistant Corporate Secretary of Teekay Tankers Ltd. Mrs. Burgess joined Teekay Corporation in 2020 and currently 
serves as Senior Manager, Corporate Affairs. Prior to joining Teekay, she was employed as the General Manager at 
Concordia Maritime (Bermuda) Ltd., an international tanker shipping company. She has over 25 years of international 
shipping experience, having started her career at the Bermuda Ship Registry where she held the positions of Assistant 
Registrar of Shipping and Registrar of Shipping. Mrs. Burgess holds a Bachelor’s degree in Management Studies and has 
completed postgraduate training in Maritime Law. She is a Member of the Institute of Directors and has held several 
director positions over the years. Her current external roles include Deputy Chairperson of the Bermuda Shipping and 
Maritime Authority Board and President and Founding Member of WISTA Bermuda. 
 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
 
Teekay GP L.L.C., our General Partner, manages our operations and activities. Unitholders are not entitled to elect 
the directors of our General Partner or directly or indirectly participate in our management or operation. 
 
Our General Partner has limited fiduciary duties to manage our business in a manner beneficial to us and our 
partners. Our General Partner is liable, as general partner, for all of our debts (to the extent not paid from our 
assets), except for indebtedness or other obligations that are expressly nonrecourse to it. Whenever possible, our 
General Partner intends to cause us to incur indebtedness or other obligations that are nonrecourse to it, of which 
all of our debts are nonrecourse to our General Partner. 
 
The directors of our General Partner oversee our operations. Our General Partner has a Corporate Secretary but 
does not have any other officers. In February 2017, the Partnership and our wholly-owned subsidiary, Opco, entered 
into a services agreement with Teekay Gas Group Ltd. (or the Service Provider), a subsidiary of Opco. The Service 
Provider provides services using persons employed by various subsidiaries of Teekay Corporation, including the 
services of Mark Kremin, the President and CEO of the Service Provider, and Scott Gayton, the CFO of the Service 
Provider. Employees of certain subsidiaries of Teekay Corporation provide, pursuant to other services agreements, 
various services to us, including in the case of our operating subsidiaries, substantially all of their managerial, 
operational and administrative services and other technical and advisory services, and in the case of the 
Partnership, various administrative services.  
 
Those individuals providing services to us or our subsidiaries may face a conflict regarding the allocation of their 
time between our business and the other business interests of Teekay Corporation or its affiliates. The various 
services agreements require the service providers to provide the services diligently and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
     
Kenneth Hvid is the Chair of TGP’s General Partner.  
 
Other than stated above there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuing entity of the 
persons referred to in item 8.1 and their private interests and or other duties. 
 
The Conflicts Committee of our General Partner is composed of at least two directors and is currently comprised of 
Richard D. Paterson (Chair) and Sylvia Barnes. The members of the Conflicts Committee may not be officers or 
employees of our General Partner or directors, officers or employees of its affiliates, and must meet the heightened 
NYSE and SEC director independence standards applicable to audit committee membership and certain other 
requirements. 
 
The Conflicts Committee: 
• 
reviews specific matters that the Board believes may involve conflicts of interest; and  
• 
determines if the resolution of the conflict of interest is fair and reasonable to us. 
Any matters approved by the Conflicts Committee will be conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us, 
approved by all of our partners, and not a breach by our General Partner of any duties it may owe us or our 
unitholders. The Board is not obligated to seek approval of the Conflicts Committee on any matter and may 
determine the resolution of any conflict of interest itself and in accordance with our partnership agreement. 
 
In addition, the Partnership has a Corporate Governance Committee that must be omposed of at least two directors, 
a majority of whom must meet the director independence standards established by the NYSE. This committee is 
currently comprised of directors Sylvia Barnes (Chair), C. Sean Day and Richard D. Paterson.

--- Page 29 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
As at December 1, 2020, there were 86,951,234 common units outstanding and an unlimited number of common 
units authorized. Teekay Corporation, which owns and controls the General Partner, owned a 40.63% limited 
partner interest in TGP, and a 1.76% general partner interest as of that date.  
 
Teekay GP L.L.C., TGP's General Partner, manages TGP's operations and activities. The General Partner owes a 
fiduciary duty to TGP's unitholders. The General Partner is liable, as general partner, for all of TGP's debts (to the 
extent not paid from TGP's assets), except for indebtedness or other obligations that are expressly non-recourse to 
it. Whenever possible, the General Partner intends to cause TGP to incur indebtedness or other obligations that 
are non-recourse to it. Please read Section 8.2.  
 
The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership, as of September 30, 2020, of our common 
units by each person we know to beneficially own more than 5% of the outstanding common units. The number of 
units beneficially owned by each person is determined under SEC rules and the information is not necessarily 
indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under SEC rules a person beneficially owns any units as 
to which the person has or shares voting or investment power. In addition, a person beneficially owns any units that 
the person or entity has the right to acquire as of November 29, 2020 (60 days after September 30, 2020) through 
the exercise of any unit option or other right. Unless otherwise indicated, each unitholder listed below has sole 
voting and investment power with respect to the units set forth in the following table. 
  
 
Identity of person or group  
Common Units 
Owned  
Percentage of Common 
Units Owned (1)  
Teekay Corporation (1)  
35,958,274  
41.4 %  
FMR LLC  
  7,010,025 
  8.1 % 
Cobas Asset Management. SGIIC, S.A.  
5,813,317 
6.7 % 
 
 
(1) Based on 86,951,234 of common units outstanding as of December 1, 2020. Excludes the 1.76% general partner 
interest held by our General Partner, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Teekay Corporation. 
 
Teekay LNG also has 11.9 million cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred units authorized, of which 11.8 million 
preferred units were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2020. 
 
Description of Securities 
 
Common Units 
 
Our common units represent limited partnership interests in the Company. The holders of our common units are 
entitled to participate in partnership distributions and exercise the rights and privileges available to limited partners 
under the partnership agreement. We no longer have incentive distribution rights outstanding, as on May 11, 2020, 
the General Partner contributed all of the then outstanding incentive distribution rights to us for cancellation in 
exchange for the issuance of 10,750,000 common units. 
 
On any matter in which the holders of the common units are entitled to vote as a class, such holders are entitled to 
one vote per unit. The holders of common units are entitled to receive, to the extent permitted by law and 
concurrently with any distributions made relative to the general partner’s economic interest in us, such distributions 
as may from time to time be declared by the board of directors of our general partner. Upon any liquidation, 
dissolution or winding up of our affairs, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of common units are entitled 
to receive, concurrently with any distributions made relative to the general partner’s economic interest in us, 
distributions of our assets, after we have satisfied or made provision for our debts and other obligations and for 
payment to the holders of any class or series of limited partner interests (including the Series A Preferred Units and 
the Series B Preferred Units) having preferential rights to receive distributions of our assets.  
 
Our common units are listed on the New York Stock Exchange, where they trade under the symbol “TGP”. 
 
Preferred Units 
 
In October 2016, we issued 5,000,000 Series A Preferred Units. In October 2017, we issued 6,800,000 Series 
BPreferred Units. The Preferred Units entitle the holders thereof to receive cumulative cash distributions when, as 
and if declared by our general partner out of any legally available funds for such purpose. Each Preferred Unit 
generally has a fixed liquidation preference of $25.00 per unit plus an amount equal to accumulated and unpaid 
distributions thereon. The Preferred Units represent perpetual equity interests in us and, unlike indebtedness, do

--- Page 30 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
not give rise to a claim for payment of a principal amount at a particular date. As such, the Preferred Units rank 
junior to all of our indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against us. 
 
Except in respect of certain circumstances (as described below), the Preferred Units have no voting rights. In the 
event that six quarterly distributions, whether consecutive or not, payable on the Preferred Units are in arrears, the 
Preferred Unitholders will have the right, voting as a class together with holders of any other parity securities upon 
which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, to elect one member of our general partner’s 
board of directors, and the size of our general partner’s board of directors will be increased as needed to 
accommodate such change. 
 
Our Series A Preferred Units and Series B Preferred Units are listed on the New York Stock Exchange, where they 
trade under the symbols “TGP PRA” and “TGP PRB”, respectively. 
 
10.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 31 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
11 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
 
11.1 Historical Financial Information for the Company 
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted 
accounting principles (or GAAP). They include the accounts of Teekay LNG Partners L.P., which is a limited 
partnership organized under the laws of the Republic of The Marshall Islands, its wholly-owned or controlled 
subsidiaries and any variable interest entities (or VIEs) of which it is the primary beneficiary (collectively, the 
Partnership).  
 
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make 
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. 
Actual results may differ from those estimates. Significant intercompany balances and transactions have been 
eliminated upon consolidation.   
 
A summary of TGP's significant accounting policies is set forth in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in the Annual Report 2019, pages F-9 – F-14. 
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, information in a 
prospectus may be incorporated by reference. Therefore, the historical financial information and financial 
statements are incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report Q3 2020, Quarterly Report Q2 2020, Quarterly 
Report Q1 2020, Annual Report 2019 and Annual Report 2018, see Cross Reference List for complete web address. 
 rly Report  
 
Quarterly 
Report 
Quarterly 
Report 
Quarterly 
Report 
Annual 
Report 
Annual 
Report 
 
Q3 2020 
Q2 2020 
Q1 2020 
2019 
2018 
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
 
 
 
 
 
TGP Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated statements of income 
 
3 
3 
3 
F-4 
 
F-3 
 
Consolidated balance sheets  
 
5 
5 
5 
F-6 
 
F-5 
 
Consolidated statements of cash flow 
6 
6 
6 
F-7 
F-6 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 
9 - 25 
9 - 25 
8 - 22 
F-9 - F-40 
F-8 - F-37 
 
 
11.2 Financial statements 
Please read Section 10.1. TGP's financial statements are incorporated by reference. 
 
 
11.3.1 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The annual financial staterments for fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 were audited by KPMG LLP. 
Please read Section 4. The audits were conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  
 
The auditor’s report is included in the Annual Report 2018, pages F-1 – F-2 and in the Annual Report 2019, pages 
F-1 – F-3.  The auditor’s report includes a critical audit matter which is a matter arising from the 2019 audit of the 
consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated by the auditor to the 
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial 
statements and (2) involved Teekay LNG’s especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgment:  
 
Assessment of the recoverability of vessels and equipment in the liquefied petroleum gas segment for impairment 
 
As discussed in Note 1 to the Annual Report 2019, the Partnership assesses vessels and equipment that are 
intended to be held and used in the Partnership’s business for impairment when events or circumstances indicate 
the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If the asset’s carrying value exceeds the undiscounted 
cash flows expected to be generated over its remaining useful life, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to 
its estimated fair value. Estimates of undiscounted expected cash flows involve, amongst others, assumptions

--- Page 32 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
about future charter rates. The carrying value of vessels and equipment reported on the consolidated balance 
sheet as of December 31, 2019, was $3,061,499 thousand, which includes vessels and equipment in the liquefied 
petroleum gas (LPG) segment. 
 
 
11.3.2 Other audited information 
No other information in this Registration Document has been audited. 
 
 
 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
From time to time TGP has been, and expects to continue to be, subject to legal proceedings and claims in the 
ordinary course of TGP’s business, principally personal injury and property casualty claims. These claims, even if 
lacking merit, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Potential claims as 
of the date of this Prospectus are: 
 
The Tangguh Joint Venture is currently undergoing a tax audit related to its tax returns filed for the 2010 and 
subsequent fiscal years. The UK taxing authority has challenged the deductibility of certain transactions not directly 
related to the long funding lease and the Tangguh Joint Venture has recorded a provision of $1.6 million (of which 
the Partnership’s 70% share is $1.1 million) in December 2017 which is included in income tax expense in the 
Partnership’s consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2017. 
 
As at December 31, 2019, the Tangguh Joint Venture was a party to operating leases (or Head Leases) whereby it 
leases its two LNG carriers (or the Tangguh LNG Carriers) to a third-party company. The Tangguh Joint Venture 
then leases back the LNG carriers from the same third-party company (or the Subleases). Under the terms of these 
leases, the third-party company claims tax depreciation on the capital expenditures it incurred to lease the vessels. 
As is typical in these leasing arrangements, tax and change of law risks are assumed and indemnified by the 
Tangguh Joint Venture. Lease payments under the Subleases are based on certain tax and financial assumptions 
at the commencement of the leases. If an assumption proves to be incorrect, the lease payments are increased or 
decreased under the Sublease to maintain the agreed after-tax margin. The Tangguh Joint Venture’s carrying 
amounts of this estimated tax indemnification obligation as at December 31, 2019 and 2018 were $6.1 million and 
$6.6 million, respectively, and are included as part of other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets 
of the Partnership. The tax indemnification is for the duration of the lease contract with the third party plus the years 
it would take for the lease payments to be statute barred and ends in 2033. Although there is no maximum potential 
amount of future payments, the Tangguh Joint Venture may terminate the lease arrangements on a voluntary basis 
at any time. If the lease arrangements terminate, the Tangguh Joint Venture will be required to make termination 
payments to the third-party company sufficient to repay the third-party company’s investment in the vessels and to 
compensate it for the tax effect of the terminations, including recapture of any tax depreciation. The Head Leases 
and the Subleases have 20-year terms and are classified as operating leases. The Head Leases and the Subleases 
for the two Tangguh LNG Carriers commenced in November 2008 and March 2009, respectively. 
 
Other than the above, there has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or 
Group's financial position or profitability. 
 
 
11.5 Significant change in the Group’s financial position  
 
There has not occurred any significant change in the financial position of the Group since the end of the last 
financial period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 33 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
12 Documents available  
 
The following documents (or copies thereof) may be inspected for the life of the Base Prospectus at the 
headquarters of the Company, 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda, or at 
https://www.teekay.com/: 
 
(a) certificate of limited partnership and third amended and restated partnership agreement of the Company, as 
amended; 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements prepared 
by any expert at the Company's request, any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus;

--- Page 34 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for the 
issuance of Bonds.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can 
take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing 
Limit will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 35 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined in the 
Bond Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the 
Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new 
issue. 
 
 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
The debt instruments issued by the Issuer on the Issue Date pursuant to the Bond Terms, 
including any Additional Bonds, and any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued 
under a separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The agreement including any attachments thereto, and any subsequent amendments and 
additions agreed between the parties thereto. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take

--- Page 36 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant 
Bond currency settlement system is open and banks generally are open for business in Oslo, 
New York and London. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day (Following Business Day convention). 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means an event where: 
(a) all management powers over the business and affairs of the Issuer are vested exclusively 
in its General Partner: 
(i) The General Partner ceases to be the general partner of the Issuer; or 
(ii) Teekay Corporation ceases to own, directly or indirectly, a minimum of 50 percent 
(50%) of the voting rights in the General Partner; 
or 
(b) all management powers over the business and affairs of the Issuer become vested 
exclusively in a board of directors of the Issuer, Teekay Corporation ceases to own, 
directly or indirectly, a minimum of 50 percent (50%) of the voting rights to elect the 
members of the board of directors or the voting rights to elect a minimum of 50 percent 
(50%) of the board of directors; 
 
provided that, notwithstanding anything set forth above, it is understood that a change in 
corporate form of the Issuer shall not in and of itself be deemed a Change of Control Event. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis).

--- Page 37 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
 
 
De-Listing Event: 
Means if the Issuer’s common units or shares (or any other securities representing the 
ownership interest in the Issuer), which shall remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange or 
on another recognized stock exchange, ceases to remain listed on the New York Stock 
Exchange as a result of being acquired by another company, unless in an event where the 
acquiror of the Issuer is Teekay Corporation (or its Affiliate) and the surviving entity after such 
acquisition remains listed on the New York Stock Exchange or on another recognized stock 
exchange. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Exchange: 
Oslo Børs or any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments (MiFIR).  
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves the template 
for Final Terms as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are subject of the Final Terms. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 38 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Bookrunner: 
The bond issue’s joint bookrunner(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a Joint 
Bookrunner may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
or Put Option. The Maturity Date coincides with the last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
 Means a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing Event

--- Page 39 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option or Put Option.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds 
have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate 
nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the 
Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the 
supplement, will be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the 
Exchange and the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske 
sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in 
January 2020: https://finansanalytiker.no/innlegg/januar-2020-oppdatert-konvensjon-for-det-
norske-sertifikat-og-obligasjonsmarkedet/  
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail.

--- Page 40 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
40
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the Bonds for general partnership purposes. 
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/, or on the 
Issuer's visit address, 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda, or their 
successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 101,000. In addition, there is 
a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will 
be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other senior unsecured debt of the Issuer (save for such 
claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application that 
are mandatorily preferred by law). The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital. 
 
The Bonds are unsecured. 
 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party.

--- Page 41 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
41
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Bookrunner(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Company is a limited 
partnership organized under the laws of The Republic of The Marshall Islands.  The Company operates under the 
provisions of the Marshall Islands Limited Partnership Act. 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a 
Bond Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption.

--- Page 42 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
42
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
The Issuer have not been rated. 
 
The Bonds have not been rated. 
 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 2

--- Page 43 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
43
Cross reference list 
 
Reference in 
Registration 
Document 
Refers to 
Details 
6 Business 
overview 
Annual Report 2019, available at 
https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-
lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/ 
Exhibit 8.1 
10.1 Historical 
Financial 
Information for 
the Company 
Quarterly Report Q3 2020, available at 
https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-
lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/ 
Consolidated statements of income, page 3 
Consolidated balance sheets, page 5 
Consolidated statements of cash flow, page 6 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages 9 – 25 
 
Quarterly Report Q2 2020, available at 
https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-
lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/ 
Consolidated statements of income, page 3 
Consolidated balance sheets, page 5 
Consolidated statements of cash flow, page 6 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages 9 – 25 
 
Quarterly Report Q1 2020, available at 
https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-
lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/ 
Consolidated statements of income, page 3 
Consolidated balance sheets, page 5 
Consolidated statements of cash flow, page 6 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages 8 – 22  
 
Annual Report 2019, available at 
https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-
lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/ 
Consolidated statements of income, page F-4 
Consolidated balance sheets, page F-6 
Consolidated statements of cash flow, page F-7 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages F-9 – F-40 
 
Annual Report 2018, available at 
https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-
lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/ 
Consolidated statements of income, page F-3  
Consolidated balance sheets, page F-5 
Consolidated statements of cash flow, page F-6 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages F8 - F37 
10.3.1 Report of 
Independent 
Registered 
Public 
Accounting 
Firm 
Annual Report 2019, available at 
https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-
lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/ 
Auditors report, pages F-1 and F-3 
 
Annual Report 2018, available at 
https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-
lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/ 
Auditors report, page F-1 and F-2 
10.3.3 Legal 
and arbitration 
proceedings 
Annual Report 2019, available at 
https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-
lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/ 
Item 18, Note 14 
 
 
References to the documents mentioned above are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 44 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
44
Joint Bookrunners' disclaimer 
 
DNB Bank ASA and Nordea Bank Abp, Norwegian branch as Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners, Danske 
Bank A/S, Norwegian branch, Swedbank Norway, branch of Swedbank AB (publ), Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ), Oslo Branch, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Arctic Securities AS as Joint 
Bookrunners, have assisted the Company in preparing the Base Prospectus. The Joint Bookrunners have not 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and the Joint Bookrunners expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the issuance or distribution of bonds by Teekay LNG Partners L.P.  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners, available at their respective 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Joint Bookrunners may prevent employees of the Joint Bookrunners who are preparing this Base Prospectus 
from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Bookrunners and/or any of their affiliated 
companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint 
Bookrunners, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such 
information or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo / Trondheim / Montrouge Cedex, 21 January 2021 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp, Norwegian branch 
(www.nordea.no) 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Norwegian branch 
(www.danskebank.no) 
 
 
Swedbank Norway, branch of Swedbank AB (publ) 
(www.swedbank.no) 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Oslo 
branch 
(www.seb.no) 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
(www.ca-cib.com) 
 
 
Arctic Securities AS 
(www.arctic.com)

--- Page 45 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
45
Annex 1 Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Certificate of Limited Partnership of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Teekay LNG Partners L.P., as amended by 
Amendment No. 1 dated as of February 25, 2008, Amendment No. 2 as of October 25, 2016, Amendment No. 3 
as of October 23, 2017, Amendment No. 4 as of January 4, 2019 and Amendment No. 5 as of May 11, 2020.

--- Page 50 ---
Execution Version 
Active 45747546.8 
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED  
AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP  
OF  
TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P.

--- Page 51 ---
TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. 
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
i 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
ARTICLE I 
 
DEFINITIONS 
Section 1.1 
Definitions........................................................................................................... 1 
Section 1.2 
Construction. ..................................................................................................... 14 
ARTICLE II 
 
ORGANIZATION 
Section 2.1 
Formation. ......................................................................................................... 15 
Section 2.2 
Name. ................................................................................................................ 15 
Section 2.3 
Registered Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices ............ 15 
Section 2.4 
Purpose and Business. ....................................................................................... 15 
Section 2.5 
Powers. .............................................................................................................. 16 
Section 2.6 
Power of Attorney. ............................................................................................ 16 
Section 2.7 
Term. ................................................................................................................. 17 
Section 2.8 
Title to Partnership Assets. ............................................................................... 17 
ARTICLE III 
 
RIGHTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS 
Section 3.1 
Limitation of Liability....................................................................................... 18 
Section 3.2 
Management of Business. ................................................................................. 18 
Section 3.3 
Outside Activities of the Limited Partners. ....................................................... 18 
Section 3.4 
Rights of Limited Partners. ............................................................................... 19 
ARTICLE IV 
 
CERTIFICATES; RECORD HOLDERS; TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS;  
REDEMPTION OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
Section 4.1 
Certificates. ....................................................................................................... 19 
Section 4.2 
Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates. ........................................... 20 
Section 4.3 
Record Holders. ................................................................................................ 21 
Section 4.4 
Transfer Generally. ........................................................................................... 21 
Section 4.5 
Registration and Transfer of Limited Partner Interests..................................... 21 
Section 4.6 
Transfer of the General Partner’s General Partner Interest. ............................. 22

--- Page 52 ---
TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. 
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
ii 
Section 4.7 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 22 
Section 4.8 
Restrictions on Transfers. ................................................................................. 22 
ARTICLE V 
 
CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ISSUANCE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
Section 5.1 
Exchange of Incentive Distribution Rights. ...................................................... 23 
Section 5.2 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 23 
Section 5.3 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 23 
Section 5.4 
Interest and Withdrawal. ................................................................................... 23 
Section 5.5 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 23 
Section 5.6 
Issuances of Additional Partnership Securities. ................................................ 24 
Section 5.7 
Limitations on Issuance of Additional Partnership Securities. ......................... 24 
Section 5.8 
Limited Preemptive Right. ................................................................................ 24 
Section 5.9 
Splits and Combinations. .................................................................................. 25 
Section 5.10 
Fully Paid and Non-Assessable Nature of Limited Partner Interests. .............. 26 
ARTICLE VI 
 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
Section 6.1 
Allocations. ....................................................................................................... 26 
Section 6.2 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 26 
Section 6.3 
Distributions to Record Holders. ...................................................................... 26 
Section 6.4 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 27 
Section 6.5 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 27 
Section 6.6 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 27 
Section 6.7 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 27 
Section 6.8 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 27 
ARTICLE VII 
 
MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION OF BUSINESS 
Section 7.1 
Management. ..................................................................................................... 27 
Section 7.2 
Certificate of Limited Partnership. ................................................................... 29 
Section 7.3 
Restrictions on the General Partner’s Authority. .............................................. 29 
Section 7.4 
Reimbursement of the General Partner. ............................................................ 30 
Section 7.5 
Outside Activities.............................................................................................. 31

--- Page 53 ---
TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. 
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
iii 
Section 7.6 
Loans from the General Partner; Loans or Contributions from the 
Partnership or Group Members. ....................................................................... 32 
Section 7.7 
Indemnification. ................................................................................................ 33 
Section 7.8 
Liability of Indemnitees. ................................................................................... 34 
Section 7.9 
Resolution of Conflicts of Interest; Standards of Conduct and 
Modification of Duties. .................................................................................... 35 
Section 7.10 
Other Matters Concerning the General Partner. ............................................... 37 
Section 7.11 
Purchase or Sale of Partnership Securities........................................................ 37 
Section 7.12 
Registration Rights of the General Partner and its Affiliates. .......................... 37 
Section 7.13 
Reliance by Third Parties. ................................................................................. 40 
ARTICLE VIII 
 
BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS 
Section 8.1 
Records and Accounting. .................................................................................. 40 
Section 8.2 
Fiscal Year. ....................................................................................................... 40 
Section 8.3 
Reports. ............................................................................................................. 41 
ARTICLE IX 
 
TAX MATTERS 
Section 9.1 
Tax Returns and Information. ........................................................................... 41 
Section 9.2 
Tax Elections. ................................................................................................... 41 
Section 9.3 
Tax Controversies. ............................................................................................ 41 
Section 9.4 
Withholding. ..................................................................................................... 42 
Section 9.5 
Conduct of Operations. ..................................................................................... 42 
ARTICLE X 
 
ADMISSION OF PARTNERS 
Section 10.1 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 42 
Section 10.2 
Admission of Additional Limited Partners. ...................................................... 42 
Section 10.3 
Admission of Successor General Partner. ......................................................... 43 
Section 10.4 
Amendment of Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership. ................. 43 
ARTICLE XI 
 
WITHDRAWAL OR REMOVAL OF PARTNERS

--- Page 54 ---
TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. 
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
iv 
Section 11.1 
Withdrawal of the General Partner. .................................................................. 44 
Section 11.2 
Removal of the General Partner. ....................................................................... 45 
Section 11.3 
Interest of Departing Partner and Successor General Partner. .......................... 45 
Section 11.4 
Withdrawal of Limited Partners........................................................................ 47 
ARTICLE XII 
 
DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION 
Section 12.1 
Dissolution. ....................................................................................................... 47 
Section 12.2 
Continuation of the Business of the Partnership After Dissolution. ................. 47 
Section 12.3 
Liquidator. ......................................................................................................... 48 
Section 12.4 
Liquidation. ....................................................................................................... 49 
Section 12.5 
Cancellation of Certificate of Limited Partnership. .......................................... 49 
Section 12.6 
Return of Contributions. ................................................................................... 50 
Section 12.7 
Waiver of Partition. ........................................................................................... 50 
ARTICLE XIII 
 
AMENDMENT OF PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT; MEETINGS; RECORD DATE 
Section 13.1 
Amendments to be Adopted Solely by the General Partner. ............................ 50 
Section 13.2 
Amendment Procedures. ................................................................................... 51 
Section 13.3 
Amendment Requirements................................................................................ 52 
Section 13.4 
Special Meetings. .............................................................................................. 52 
Section 13.5 
Notice of a Meeting. ......................................................................................... 53 
Section 13.6 
Record Date. ..................................................................................................... 53 
Section 13.7 
Adjournment. .................................................................................................... 53 
Section 13.8 
Waiver of Notice; Approval of Meeting; Approval of Minutes. ...................... 53 
Section 13.9 
Quorum and Voting. ......................................................................................... 54 
Section 13.10 
Conduct of a Meeting........................................................................................ 54 
Section 13.11 
Action Without a Meeting. ............................................................................... 55 
Section 13.12 
Right to Vote and Related Matters.................................................................... 55 
ARTICLE XIV 
 
MERGER 
Section 14.1 
Authority. .......................................................................................................... 56 
Section 14.2 
Procedure for Merger or Consolidation. ........................................................... 56

--- Page 55 ---
TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. 
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
v 
Section 14.3 
Approval by Limited Partners of Merger or Consolidation. ............................. 57 
Section 14.4 
Certificate of Merger......................................................................................... 58 
Section 14.5 
Amendment of Partnership Agreement. ........................................................... 58 
Section 14.6 
Effect of Merger. ............................................................................................... 58 
ARTICLE XV 
 
RIGHT TO ACQUIRE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
Section 15.1 
Right to Acquire Limited Partner Interests. ...................................................... 59 
ARTICLE XVI 
 
PREFERRED UNITS 
Section 16.1 
Designation. ...................................................................................................... 61 
Section 16.2 
Units. ................................................................................................................. 61 
Section 16.3 
Distributions. ..................................................................................................... 61 
Section 16.4 
[Reserved]. ........................................................................................................ 63 
Section 16.5 
Voting Rights. ................................................................................................... 63 
Section 16.6 
Optional Redemption. ....................................................................................... 65 
Section 16.7 
Rank. ................................................................................................................. 67 
Section 16.8 
No Sinking Fund. .............................................................................................. 68 
Section 16.9 
Record Holders. ................................................................................................ 68 
Section 16.10 
Notices. ............................................................................................................. 68 
Section 16.11 
Other Rights; Fiduciary Duties. ........................................................................ 68 
ARTICLE XVII 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Section 17.1 
Addresses and Notices. ..................................................................................... 69 
Section 17.2 
Further Action. .................................................................................................. 69 
Section 17.3 
Binding Effect. .................................................................................................. 69 
Section 17.4 
Integration. ........................................................................................................ 69 
Section 17.5 
Creditors. ........................................................................................................... 70 
Section 17.6 
Waiver. .............................................................................................................. 70 
Section 17.7 
Counterparts. ..................................................................................................... 70 
Section 17.8 
Applicable Law. ................................................................................................ 70 
Section 17.9 
Invalidity of Provisions. .................................................................................... 70

--- Page 56 ---
TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. 
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
vi 
Section 17.10 
Consent of Partners. .......................................................................................... 70 
Section 17.11 
Facsimile Signatures. ........................................................................................ 70

--- Page 57 ---
Active 45747546.8 
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED  
PARTNERSHIP OF TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. 
THIS FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP OF TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. dated as of May 11, 2020 (the “Effective 
Date”), is entered into by Teekay GP L.L.C., a Marshall Islands limited liability company, as the 
General Partner, and, solely with respect to Section 16.5(b), Teekay Holdings Limited, a 
Bermuda company, together with any other Persons who become Partners in the Partnership or 
parties hereto as provided herein.  In consideration of the covenants, conditions and agreements 
contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
ARTICLE I 
 
DEFINITIONS 
Section 1.1 
Definitions. 
The following definitions shall be for all purposes, unless otherwise clearly indicated to 
the contrary, applied to the terms used in this Agreement. 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly 
through one or more intermediaries’ controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, 
the Person in question.  As used herein, the term “control” means the possession, direct or 
indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, 
whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
“Agreed Value” of any Contributed Property or distributed property means the fair 
market value of such property or other consideration at the time of contribution or distribution as 
determined by the General Partner.  The General Partner shall use such method as it determines 
to be appropriate to allocate the aggregate Agreed Value of Contributed Properties contributed to 
or distributed by the Partnership in a single or integrated transaction among each separate 
property on a basis proportional to the fair market value of each Contributed Property or 
distributed property. 
“Agreement” means this Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership 
of Teekay LNG Partners L.P., as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
“arrears” means, with respect to Preferred Unit Distributions for a particular series of 
Preferred Units for any applicable Preferred Unit Distribution Period, that the full cumulative 
Preferred Unit Distributions for such series to and including the last day of the most recently 
completed Preferred Unit Distribution Period of such series through the most recent Preferred 
Unit Distribution Payment Date for such series have not been paid on all Outstanding Preferred 
Units of such series. 
“Associate” means, when used to indicate a relationship with any Person, (a) any 
corporation or organization of which such Person is a director, officer or partner or is, directly or 
indirectly, the owner of 20% or more of any class of voting stock or other voting interest; (b) any 
trust or other estate in which such Person has at least a 20% beneficial interest or as to which

--- Page 58 ---
2 
such Person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (c) any relative or spouse of 
such Person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same principal residence as such 
Person. 
“Available Cash” means, with respect to any Quarter ending prior to the Liquidation 
Date: 
(a) 
the sum of (i) all cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership Group (or the 
Partnership’s proportionate share of cash and cash equivalents in the case of Subsidiaries that are 
not wholly owned) on hand at the end of such Quarter, and (ii) all additional cash and cash 
equivalents of the Partnership Group (or the Partnership’s proportionate share of cash and cash 
equivalents in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) on hand on the date of 
determination of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter resulting from Working Capital 
Borrowings made subsequent to the end of such Quarter, less 
(b) 
the amount of any cash reserves (or the Partnership’s proportionate share of cash 
reserves in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) established by the General Partner 
to (i) provide for the proper conduct of the business of the Partnership Group (including reserves 
for future capital expenditures and for anticipated future credit needs of the Partnership Group) 
subsequent to such Quarter, (ii) comply with applicable law or any loan agreement, security 
agreement, mortgage, debt instrument or other agreement or obligation to which any Group 
Member is a party or by which it is bound or its assets are subject, or (iii) provide funds for 
Preferred Unit Payments; provided, however, that disbursements made by a Group Member or 
cash reserves established, increased or reduced after the end of such Quarter but on or before the 
date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter shall be deemed to have 
been made, established, increased or reduced, for purposes of determining Available Cash, 
within such Quarter if the General Partner so determines. 
“Board of Directors” means the board of directors or managers of a corporation or 
limited liability company, as applicable, or if a limited partnership, the board of directors or 
board of managers of the general partner of such limited partnership. 
“Business Day” means Monday through Friday of each week, except that a legal holiday 
recognized as such by the government of the United States of America or the State of New York 
shall not be regarded as a Business Day. 
“Calculation Agent” means a calculation agent appointed by the General Partner prior to 
the commencement of the Series B Floating Rate Period.  If the General Partner is unable to 
obtain a third-party to serve as calculation agent, the calculation agent may be the General 
Partner or an Affiliate of the General Partner. 
“Capital Contribution” means any cash, cash equivalents or the Net Agreed Value of 
Contributed Property that a Partner contributes to the Partnership. 
“Cause” means a court of competent jurisdiction has entered a final, non-appealable 
judgment finding the General Partner liable for actual fraud, gross negligence or willful or 
wanton misconduct in its capacity as a general partner of the Partnership.

--- Page 59 ---
3 
“Certificate” means a certificate (i) substantially in the form of Exhibit A with respect to 
Common Units, Exhibit B with respect to Series A Preferred Units or Exhibit C with respect to 
Series B Preferred Units, to this Agreement, (ii) issued in global or book entry form in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Depository or (iii) in such other form as may be 
adopted by the General Partner, issued by the Partnership evidencing ownership of one or more 
Common Units or Preferred Units, or a certificate, in such form as may be adopted by the 
General Partner, issued by the Partnership evidencing ownership of one or more other 
Partnership Securities. 
“Certificate of Limited Partnership” means the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the 
Partnership filed with the Registrar of Corporations of the Marshall Islands as referenced in 
Section 7.2 as such Certificate of Limited Partnership may be amended, supplemented or restated 
from time to time. 
“claim” (as used in Section 7.12(c)) has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
7.12(c). 
“Closing Date” means the first date on which Common Units are sold by the Partnership 
to the Underwriters pursuant to the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement. 
“Closing Price” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 15.1(a). 
“Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in 
effect from time to time.  Any reference herein to a specific section or sections of the Code shall 
be deemed to include a reference to any corresponding provision of any successor law. 
“Combined Interest” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.3(a). 
“Commission” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
“Common Unit” means a Partnership Security having the rights and obligations specified 
with respect to Common Units in this Agreement. 
“Conflicts Committee” means a committee of the Board of Directors of the General 
Partner composed entirely of two or more directors who are not (a) security holders, officers or 
employees of the General Partner, (b) officers, directors or employees of any Affiliate of the 
General Partner or (c) holders of any ownership interest in the Partnership Group other than 
Common Units and who also meet the independence standards required of directors who serve 
on an audit committee of a board of directors established by the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and by the 
National Securities Exchange on which the Common Units are listed. 
“Contributed Property” means each property or other asset, in such form as may be 
permitted by the Marshall Islands Act, but excluding cash, contributed to the Partnership. 
“Contribution Agreement” means that certain Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption 
Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the General Partner, the Partnership, the

--- Page 60 ---
4 
Operating Company, Teekay Corporation and the other parties named therein, together with the 
additional conveyance documents and instruments contemplated or referenced thereunder. 
“Current Market Price” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 15.1(a). 
“Departing Partner” means a former General Partner from and after the effective date of 
any withdrawal or removal of such former General Partner pursuant to Section 11.1 or 11.2. 
“Depository” means, with respect to any Partnership Securities issued in global form, The 
Depository Trust Company and its successors and permitted assigns. 
“Effective Date” has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. 
 “Event of Withdrawal” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.1(a). 
“Exchange Agreement” means that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of the 
Effective Date, by and between the Partnership and the General Partner, pursuant to which (i) the 
Incentive Distribution Rights held by the General Partner were contributed to the Partnership in 
exchange for Common Units and (ii) the Incentive Distribution Rights were cancelled.  
“General Partner” means Teekay GP L.L.C., a Marshall Islands limited liability 
company, and its successors and permitted assigns as general partner of the Partnership. 
“General Partner Interest” means the ownership interest of the General Partner in the 
Partnership (in its capacity as a general partner without reference to any Limited Partner Interest 
held by it) which may be evidenced by Partnership Securities or a combination thereof or interest 
therein, and includes any and all benefits to which the General Partner is entitled as provided in 
this Agreement, together with all obligations of the General Partner to comply with the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement.  
“Group” means a Person that with or through any of its Affiliates or Associates has any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except 
voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a proxy or 
consent solicitation made to 10 or more Persons) or disposing of any Partnership Securities with 
any other Person that beneficially owns, or whose Affiliates or Associates beneficially own, 
directly or indirectly, Partnership Securities. 
“Group Member” means a member of the Partnership Group. 
“Group Member Agreement” means the partnership agreement of any Group Member, 
other than the Partnership, that is a limited or general partnership, the limited liability company 
agreement of any Group Member that is a limited liability company, the certificate of 
incorporation and bylaws or similar organizational documents of any Group Member that is a 
corporation, the joint venture agreement or similar governing document of any Group Member 
that is a joint venture and the governing or organizational or similar documents of any other 
Group Member that is a Person other than a limited or general partnership, limited liability 
company, corporation or joint venture, in each case as such may be amended, supplemented or 
restated from time to time.

--- Page 61 ---
5 
“Holder” as used in Section 7.12, has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
7.12(a). 
“Incentive Distribution Right” means a non-voting Limited Partner Interest that, prior to 
the effectiveness of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement and this 
Agreement, was held by the General Partner and pursuant to which the General Partner was 
entitled to certain incentive distributions under the Prior Agreement. 
“Indemnified Persons” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.12(c). 
“Indemnitee” means (a) the General Partner, (b) any Departing Partner, (c) any Person 
who is or was an Affiliate of the General Partner or any Departing Partner, (d) any Person who is 
or was a member, partner, director, officer, fiduciary or trustee of any Person which any of the 
preceding clauses of this definition describes, (e) any Person who is or was serving at the request 
of the General Partner or any Departing Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner or any 
Departing Partner as an officer, director, member, partner, fiduciary or trustee of another Person, 
provided that that Person shall not be an Indemnitee by reason of providing, on a fee-for-services 
basis, trustee, fiduciary or custodial services, and (f) any Person the General Partner designates 
as an “Indemnitee” for purposes of this Agreement. 
“Initial Offering” means the initial offering and sale of Common Units to the public, as 
described in the Registration Statement. 
“Junior Securities” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.7. 
“Limited Partner” means, unless the context otherwise requires, each Person that is a 
Limited Partner as of the Effective Date, each additional Person that becomes a Limited Partner 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and any Departing Partner upon the change of its status 
from General Partner to Limited Partner pursuant to Section 11.3.  Limited Partners may include 
custodians, nominees or any other individual entity in its own or any representative capacity. 
“Limited Partner Interest” means the ownership interest of a Limited Partner in the 
Partnership, which may be evidenced by Common Units, Preferred Units or other Partnership 
Securities or a combination thereof or interest therein, and includes any and all benefits to which 
such Limited Partner is entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with all obligations of 
such Limited Partner to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
“Liquidation Date” means (a) in the case of an event giving rise to the dissolution of the 
Partnership of the type described in clauses (a) and (b) of the first sentence of Section 12.2, the 
date on which the applicable time period during which the holders of Outstanding Common 
Units have the right to elect to continue the business of the Partnership has expired without such 
an election being made, and (b) in the case of any other event giving rise to the dissolution of the 
Partnership, the date on which such event occurs. 
“Liquidator” means one or more Persons selected by the General Partner to perform the 
functions described in Section 12.4.

--- Page 62 ---
6 
“London Business Day” means any day on which dealings in deposits in U.S. dollars are 
transacted in the London interbank market. 
“Marshall Islands Act” means the Limited Partnership Act of the Republic of the 
Marshall Islands, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, and any successor to 
such statute. 
“Merger Agreement” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 14.1. 
“National Securities Exchange” means an exchange registered with the Commission 
under Section 6(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, supplemented or 
restated from time to time, and any successor to such statute. 
“Net Agreed Value” means, (a) in the case of any Contributed Property, the Agreed Value 
of such property reduced by any liabilities either assumed by the Partnership upon such 
contribution or to which such property is subject when contributed, and (b) in the case of any 
property distributed to a Partner by the Partnership, the Partnership’s Agreed Value of such 
property at the time such property is distributed, reduced by any indebtedness either assumed by 
such Partner upon such distribution or to which such property is subject at the time of 
distribution. 
“Notice of Election to Purchase” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
15.1(b). 
“Notional General Partner Units” means notional units used solely to calculate the 
General Partner’s Percentage Interest. Notional General Partner Units shall not constitute “Units” 
for any purpose of this Agreement. As of the Effective Date there are 1,554,525 Notional 
General Partner Units (resulting in the General Partner’s Percentage Interest being 1.76% as of 
such date). If a Pro Rata distribution or a subdivision or combination of Units is made in 
accordance with Section 5.9, the number of Notional General Partner Units shall be 
proportionally increased or decreased, as applicable, to reflect the maintenance of such 
Percentage Interest. 
“Omnibus Agreement” means that Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement, dated as 
of December 19, 2006, among Teekay Corporation, the General Partner, the Partnership, the 
Operating Company, Teekay Offshore GP, L.L.C., Altera Infrastructure L.P. (formerly known as 
Teekay Offshore Partners L.P.), and Teekay Offshore Operating L.P. 
“Operating Company” means Teekay LNG Operating L.L.C., a Marshall Islands limited 
liability company, and any successors thereto. 
“Operating Company Agreement” means the Second Amended and Restated Limited 
Liability Company Agreement of the Operating Company, as it may be amended, supplemented 
or restated from time to time. 
“Opinion of Counsel” means a written opinion of counsel (who may be regular counsel to 
the Partnership or the General Partner or any of its Affiliates) acceptable to the General Partner.

--- Page 63 ---
7 
“Organizational Limited Partner” means Teekay Corporation in its capacity as the 
organizational limited partner of the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement. 
 “Outstanding” means, with respect to Partnership Securities, all Partnership Securities 
that are issued by the Partnership and reflected as outstanding on the Partnership’s books and 
records as of the date of determination; provided, however, that if at any time any Person or 
Group (other than the General Partner or its Affiliates) beneficially owns 20% or more of any 
Outstanding Partnership Securities of any class or series then Outstanding, all Partnership 
Securities owned by such Person or Group shall not be voted on any matter and shall not be 
considered to be Outstanding when sending notices of a meeting of Limited Partners to vote on 
any matter (unless otherwise required by law), calculating required votes, determining the 
presence of a quorum or for other similar purposes under this Agreement; provided, further, that 
the foregoing limitation shall not apply (i) to any Person or Group who acquired 20% or more of 
any Outstanding Partnership Securities of any class or series then Outstanding directly from the 
General Partner or its Affiliates, (ii) to any Person or Group who acquired 20% or more of any 
Outstanding Partnership Securities of any class or series then Outstanding directly or indirectly 
from a Person or Group described in clause (i) provided that the General Partner shall have 
notified such Person or Group in writing that such limitation shall not apply, (iii) to any Person 
or Group who acquired 20% or more of any Partnership Securities issued by the Partnership with 
the prior approval of the Board of Directors of the General Partner or (iv) with respect to any 
voting rights thereof, Preferred Units. 
“Parity Securities” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.7(b). 
“Partners” means the General Partner and the Limited Partners. 
“Partnership” means Teekay LNG Partners L.P., a Marshall Islands limited partnership, 
and any successors thereto. 
“Partnership Group” means the Partnership and its Subsidiaries treated as a single 
consolidated entity. 
“Partnership Interest” means an interest in the Partnership, which shall include the 
General Partner Interest and Limited Partner Interests. 
“Partnership Representative” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.3. 
“Partnership Security” means any class or series of equity interest in the Partnership (but 
excluding any options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to an equity interest in the 
Partnership), including without limitation, Common Units and Preferred Units.  
“Paying Agent” means Computershare, acting in its capacity as paying agent for the 
particular series of Preferred Units, and its respective successors and assigns or any other 
payment agent appointed by the General Partner; provided, however, that if no paying agent is 
specifically designated for the particular series of Preferred Units, the General Partner shall act in 
such capacity.

--- Page 64 ---
8 
“Percentage Interest” means as of any date of determination as to the General Partner 
with respect to the General Partner Interest (in its capacity as General Partner without reference 
to any Limited Partner Interests held by it and calculated based upon the number of Notional 
General Partner Units then deemed held by the General Partner), which General Partner Interest 
as of the Effective Date and immediately prior to giving effect to the transactions contemplated 
by the Exchange Agreement was 2.0%, and as to any Unitholder holding Units (other than 
Preferred Units), the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the number of Notional General Partner 
Units deemed held by the General Partner or the number of Units (other than Preferred Units) 
held by such Unitholder, as the case may be, by (b) the total number of Notional General Partner 
Units deemed held by the General Partner and all Outstanding Units (other than Preferred Units).  
The Percentage Interest with respect to a Preferred Unit shall at all times be zero. 
“Person” means an individual or a corporation, firm, limited liability company, 
partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, governmental agency 
or political subdivision thereof or other entity. 
“Preferred Unit Distribution Payment Date” means the Series A Distribution Payment 
Date or Series B Distribution Payment Date, as applicable. 
 “Preferred Unit Distribution Period” means the Series A Distribution Period and/or the 
Series B Distribution Period, as applicable. 
“Preferred Unit Distributions” means Series A Distributions and/or Series B 
Distributions, as applicable. 
“Preferred Unit Holders” means Series A Holders and/or Series B Holders, as applicable. 
“Preferred Unit Liquidation Preference” means the Series A Liquidation Preference or 
the Series B Liquidation Preference, as applicable. 
“Preferred Unit Payments” means Series A Payments and/or Series B Payments, as 
applicable. 
“Preferred Units” means a Partnership Security, designated as a “Preferred Unit,” which 
entitles the holder thereof to a preference with respect to distributions over Common Units, 
including the Series A Preferred Units and the Series B Preferred Units. 
“Prior Agreement” means the Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of the Partnership dated as of January 1, 2019. 
“Pro Rata” means (a) when modifying Units (other than Preferred Units) or any class or 
series thereof, apportioned equally among all designated Units (other than Preferred Units) in 
accordance with their relative Percentage Interests, (b) when modifying Partners or Record 
Holders, apportioned among all Partners or Record Holders in accordance with their relative 
Percentage Interests and (c) when modifying holders of Preferred Units (or a particular series 
thereof), apportioned equally among all holders of Preferred Units (or such series thereof) in 
accordance with the relative number or percentage of Preferred Units (or such series thereof), as 
applicable, held by such holder.

--- Page 65 ---
9 
“Purchase Date” means the date determined by the General Partner as the date for 
purchase of all Outstanding Limited Partner Interests of a certain class or series (other than 
Limited Partner Interests owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates) pursuant to Article 
XV. 
“Quarter” means, unless the context requires otherwise, a fiscal quarter of the 
Partnership. 
“Record Date” means the date established by the General Partner for determining (a) the 
identity of the Record Holders entitled to notice of, or to vote at, any meeting of Limited Partners 
or entitled to vote by ballot or give approval of Partnership action in writing without a meeting or 
entitled to exercise rights in respect of any lawful action of Limited Partners or (b) the identity of 
Record Holders entitled to receive any report or distribution or to participate in any offer. 
“Record Holder” means (a) the Person in whose name a Common Unit is registered on 
the books of the Transfer Agent as of the opening of business on a particular Business Day, (b) 
the Person in whose name a Preferred Unit is registered on the books of the Transfer Agent as of, 
unless otherwise set forth in Article XVI, the opening of business on a particular Business Day, 
or (c) with respect to other Partnership Securities, the Person in whose name any such other 
Partnership Security is registered on the books that the General Partner has caused to be kept as 
of the opening of business on such Business Day. 
“Registrar” means the Registrar of Corporations as defined in Section 4 of the Marshall 
Islands Business Corporations Act. 
“Registration Statement” means the Registration Statement on Form F-1 (Registration 
No. 333-120727) as it has been or as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time, filed 
by the Partnership with the Commission under the Securities Act to register the offering and sale 
of the Common Units in the Initial Offering. 
“Reuters Page LIBOR01” means the display so designated on the Reuters 3000 Xtra (or 
such other page as may succeed or replace the LIBOR01 page on that service). 
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, supplemented or restated 
from time to time and any successor to such statute. 
“Senior Securities” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.7(c). 
“Series A Distribution Payment Date” means each January 15, April 15, July 15 and 
October 15, commencing January 15, 2017; provided, however, that if any Series A Distribution 
Payment Date would otherwise occur on a day that is not a Business Day, such Series A 
Distribution Payment Date shall instead be on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
“Series A Distribution Period” means (i) the period commencing on (and including) the 
Series A Original Issue Date and ending on (and including) December 31, 2016, and (ii) any 
subsequent three-month period commencing on (and including) any January 1, April 1, July 1 or 
October 1 and ending on (and including) the last day in March, June, September and December, 
respectively.

--- Page 66 ---
10 
“Series A Distribution Rate” means a rate equal to 9.00% per annum of the Stated Series 
A Liquidation Preference per Series A Preferred Unit. 
“Series A Distribution Record Date” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
16.3(b). 
“Series A Distributions” means distributions with respect to Series A Preferred Units 
pursuant to Section 16.3. 
“Series A Holder” means a Record Holder of the Series A Preferred Units. 
“Series A Liquidation Preference” means an amount for each Series A Preferred Unit 
initially equal to $25.00 per share, which amount shall be subject to increase by the per Series A 
Preferred Unit amount of any accumulated and unpaid distributions (whether or not such 
distributions shall have been declared). 
“Series A Original Issue Date” means October 5, 2016. 
“Series A Payments” means, collectively, Series A Distributions and Series A 
Redemption Payments. 
“Series A Preferred Unit” means a Preferred Unit having the designations, preferences, 
rights, powers and duties set forth in Article XVI. 
“Series A Redemption Date” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.6. 
“Series A Redemption Notice” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.6(c). 
“Series A Redemption Payments” means payments to be made to the holders of Series A 
Preferred Units to redeem Series A Preferred Units in accordance with Section 16.6. 
“Series A Redemption Price” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.6(a). 
“Series B Distribution Payment Date” means each January 15, April 15, July 15 and 
October 15, commencing January 15, 2018; provided, however, that if any Series B Distribution 
Payment Date during the Series B Fixed Rate Period would otherwise occur on a day that is not a 
Business Day, such Series B Distribution Payment Date shall instead be on the immediately 
succeeding Business Day. 
“Series B Distribution Period” means (i) the period commencing on (and including) the 
Series B Original Issue Date and ending on (and including) December 31, 2017, and (ii) any 
subsequent three-month period commencing on (and including) any January 1, April 1, July 1 or 
October 1 and ending on (and including) the last day in March, June, September and December, 
respectively. 
“Series B Distribution Rate” means a rate equal to (a) during the Series B Fixed Rate 
Period, 8.50% per annum of the Stated Series B Liquidation Preference per Series B Preferred 
Unit and (b) during the Series B Floating Rate Period, a percentage per annum of the Series B

--- Page 67 ---
11 
Stated Liquidation Preference per Series B Preferred Unit equal to the sum of (i) Series B Three-
Month LIBOR, as calculated on each applicable Series B LIBOR Determination Date, and (ii) 
6.241%. 
“Series B Distribution Record Date” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
16.3(b). 
“Series B Distributions” means distributions with respect to Series B Preferred Units 
pursuant to Section 16.3. 
“Series B Fixed Rate Period” means the period from and including the Series B Original 
Issue Date to, but not including, October 15, 2027. 
“Series B Floating Rate Period” means the period from and including October 15, 2027 
to, but not including, the date that all of the Series B Preferred Units are redeemed in full in 
accordance with Section 16.6 below. 
“Series B Holder” means a Record Holder of the Series B Preferred Units. 
“Series B LIBOR Determination Date” means the London Business Day immediately 
preceding the first date of the applicable Series B Distribution Period during the Series B 
Floating Rate Period (or for the period from and including October 15, 2027 and ending on and 
including December 31, 2027, the London Business Day immediately preceding October 15, 
2027). 
“Series B Liquidation Preference” means an amount for each Series B Preferred Unit 
initially equal to $25.00 per share, which amount shall be subject to increase by the per Series B 
Preferred Unit amount of any accumulated and unpaid distributions (whether or not such 
distributions shall have been declared). 
“Series B Original Issue Date” means October 23, 2017. 
“Series B Payments” means, collectively, Series B Distributions and Series B 
Redemption Payments. 
“Series B Preferred Unit” means a Preferred Unit having the designations, preferences, 
rights, powers and duties set forth in Article XVI. 
“Series B Redemption Date” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.6. 
“Series B Redemption Notice” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.6(c). 
“Series B Redemption Payments” means payments to be made to the holders of Series B 
Preferred Units to redeem Series B Preferred Units in accordance with Section 16.6. 
“Series B Redemption Price” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.6(a).

--- Page 68 ---
12 
“Series B Three-Month LIBOR” means, in respect of each Series B Distribution Period 
during the Series B Floating Rate Period (or, for the period from and including October 15, 2027 
and ending on and including December 31, 2027), the following rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent, as of the applicable Series B LIBOR Determination Date in accordance with 
the following provisions: 
(a) 
the rate (expressed as a percentage per year) for deposits in U.S. dollars for a 
three-month period commencing on the first day of such period that appears on Reuters Page 
LIBOR01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the applicable Series B LIBOR Determination 
Date; or 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that three-month LIBOR (as contemplated by 
the immediately preceding clause (a)) has been discontinued, then it will determine whether to 
use a substitute or successor base rate that it has determined in its sole discretion is most 
comparable to three-month LIBOR, provided that if the Calculation Agent determines there is an 
industry accepted successor base rate, the Calculation Agent shall use such successor base rate.  
If the Calculation Agent has determined a substitute or successor base rate in accordance with 
the foregoing, the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion may also implement changes to the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the Series B LIBOR Determination Date 
and any method for obtaining the substitute or successor base rate if such rate is unavailable on 
the relevant business day, in a manner that is consistent with industry accepted practices for such 
substitute or successor base rate.  Unless the Calculation Agent determines to use a substitute or 
successor base rate as so provided, the following will apply: if the rate described in the 
immediately preceding clause (a) is not so published, the Calculation Agent shall select four 
major banks in the London interbank market and request that the principal London offices of 
those four selected banks provide their offered quotations for deposits in U.S. dollars for a period 
of three months, commencing on the first day of the applicable period, to prime banks in the 
London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the Series B LIBOR 
Determination Date for such period.  Offered quotations must be based on a principal amount 
equal to an amount that, in the Calculation Agent’s judgment, is representative of a single 
transaction in U.S. dollars in the London interbank market at the time.  If two or more quotations 
are provided, Series B Three-Month LIBOR for such period will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations.  If fewer than two quotations are provided, Series B Three-Month LIBOR for such 
period will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted on the Series B LIBOR Determination 
Date for such period by three major banks in New York City selected by the Calculation Agent, 
for loans in U.S. dollars to leading European banks for a three-month period commencing on the 
first day of such period.  The rates quoted must be based on an amount that, in the Calculation 
Agent’s judgment, is representative of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in that market at the 
time.  If fewer than three New York City banks selected by the Calculation Agent are quoting 
rates in the manner described above, Series B Three-Month LIBOR for the applicable period will 
be the same as for the immediately preceding period or, if the immediately preceding period was 
within the Series B Fixed Rate Period, the same as for the most recent quarter for which Series B 
Three-Month LIBOR can be determined. 
All percentages resulting from any of the calculations described in the immediately 
preceding clauses (a) and (b) will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with five one-millionths of a percentage point rounded

--- Page 69 ---
13 
upwards) and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest cent (with one-half cent being rounded upwards). 
“Special Approval” means approval by a majority of the members of the Conflicts 
Committee. 
“Stated Preferred Unit Liquidation Preference” means the Stated Series A Liquidation 
Preference or the Stated Series B Liquidation Preference, as applicable. 
“Stated Series A Liquidation Preference” means an amount equal to $25.00 per Series A 
Preferred Unit.  
“Stated Series B Liquidation Preference” means an amount equal to $25.00 per Series B 
Preferred Unit. 
“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, (a) a corporation of which more than 
50% of the voting power of shares entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) 
to vote in the election of directors or other governing body of such corporation is owned, directly 
or indirectly, at the date of determination, by such Person, by one or more Subsidiaries (as 
defined, but excluding subsection (d) of the definition) of such Person or a combination thereof, 
(b) a partnership (whether general or limited) in which such Person or a Subsidiary (as defined, 
but excluding subsection (d) of the definition) of such Person is, at the date of determination, a 
general or limited partner of such partnership, but only if more than 50% of the partnership 
interests of such partnership (considering all of the partnership interests of the partnership as a 
single class) is owned, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination, by such Person, by one 
or more Subsidiaries (as defined, but excluding subsection (d) of the definition) of such Person, 
or a combination thereof, or (c) any other Person (other than a corporation or a partnership) in 
which such Person, one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or a combination thereof, directly 
or indirectly, at the date of determination, has (i) a majority ownership interest or (ii) the power 
to elect or direct the election of a majority of the directors or other governing body of such 
Person, or (d) any other Person in which such Person, one or more Subsidiaries (as defined, but 
excluding subsection (d) of the definition) of such Person, or a combination thereof, directly or 
indirectly, at the date of determination, has (i) less than a majority ownership interest or (ii) less 
than the power to elect or direct the election of a majority of the directors or other governing 
body of such Person, provided that (A) such Person, one or more Subsidiaries (as defined, but 
excluding subsection (d) of the definition) of such Person, or a combination thereof, directly or 
indirectly, at the date of the determination, has at least a 20% ownership interest in such other 
Person, (B) such Person accounts for such other Person (under U.S. GAAP, as in effect on the 
later of the date of investment in such other Person or material expansion of the operations of 
such other Person) on a consolidated or equity accounting basis, (C) such Person has directly or 
indirectly material negative control rights regarding such other Person including over such other 
Person’s ability to materially expand its operations beyond that contemplated at the date of 
investment in such other Person, and (D) such other Person is (i) formed and maintained for the 
sole purpose of owning or leasing, operating and chartering no more than 10 vessels for a period 
of no more than 40 years, and (ii) obligated under its constituent documents, or as a result of a 
unanimous agreement of its owners, to distribute to its owners all of its income on at least an 
annual basis (less any cash reserves that are approved by such Person).

--- Page 70 ---
14 
“Surviving Business Entity” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 14.2(b). 
“Tax Election” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.2(a). 
“Tax Matters Partner” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.3. 
“Trading Day” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 15.1(a).  
“Transfer” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.4(a). 
“Transfer Agent” means such bank, trust company or other Person (including the General 
Partner or one of its Affiliates) as shall be appointed from time to time by the Partnership to act 
as registrar and transfer agent for the Common Units and the Preferred Units; provided, that if no 
transfer agent is specifically designated for any other Partnership Securities, the General Partner 
shall act in such capacity. 
“Underwriter” means each Person named as an underwriter in Schedule I to the 
Underwriting Agreement who purchases Common Units pursuant thereto. 
“Underwriting Agreement” means the Underwriting Agreement dated May 4, 2005 
among the Underwriters, the Partnership, the General Partner, the Operating Company, and 
Teekay Corporation, providing for the purchase of Common Units by such Underwriters. 
“Unit” means a Partnership Security that is designated as a “Unit” and shall include 
Common Units and Preferred Units, but shall not include the General Partner Interest or Notional 
General Partner Units. 
“Unitholders” means the holders of Units. 
“Unit Majority” means a majority of the Outstanding Common Units, voting as a class. 
“U.S. GAAP” means United States generally accepted accounting principles consistently 
applied. 
“Working Capital Borrowings” means borrowings used solely for working capital 
purposes or to pay distributions to Partners made pursuant to a credit facility or other 
arrangement to the extent such borrowings are required to be reduced to a relatively small 
amount each year for an economically meaningful period of time. 
Section 1.2 
Construction. 
Unless the context requires otherwise: (a) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall 
include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, 
pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; (b) references to Articles and 
Sections refer to Articles and Sections of this Agreement; and (c) the term “include” or 
“includes” means includes, without limitation, and “including” means including, without 
limitation.

--- Page 71 ---
15 
ARTICLE II 
 
ORGANIZATION 
Section 2.1 
Formation. 
The General Partner and the Organizational Limited Partner previously formed the 
Partnership as a limited partnership pursuant to the provisions of the Marshall Islands Act and 
hereby amend and restate the Prior Agreement in its entirety.  This amendment and restatement 
shall become effective on the Effective Date simultaneously with the effectiveness of the 
transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement.  Except as expressly provided to the 
contrary in this Agreement, the rights, duties (including fiduciary duties), liabilities and 
obligations of the Partners and the administration, dissolution and termination of the Partnership 
shall be governed by the Marshall Islands Act.  All Partnership Interests shall constitute personal 
property of the owner thereof for all purposes and a Partner has no interest in specific Partnership 
property. 
Section 2.2 
Name. 
The name of the Partnership shall be “Teekay LNG Partners L.P.” The Partnership’s 
business may be conducted under any other name or names as determined by the General 
Partner, including the name of the General Partner.  The words “Limited Partnership” or the 
letters “L.P.” or similar words or letters shall be included in the Partnership’s name where 
necessary for the purpose of complying with the laws of any jurisdiction that so requires.  The 
General Partner may change the name of the Partnership at any time and from time to time and 
shall notify the Limited Partners of such change in the next regular communication to the 
Limited Partners. 
Section 2.3 
Registered Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices 
Unless and until changed by the General Partner, the registered office of the Partnership 
in the Marshall Islands shall be located at Trust Company Complex, Ajeltake Island, Ajeltake 
Road, Majuro, Marshall Islands MH 96960, and the registered agent for service of process on the 
Partnership in the Marshall Islands at such registered office shall be The Trust Company of the 
Marshall Islands, Inc.  The principal office of the Partnership shall be located at 4th Floor, 
Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda or such other place as the 
General Partner may from time to time designate by notice to the Limited Partners.  The 
Partnership may maintain offices at such other place or places within or outside the Marshall 
Islands as the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate.  The address of the 
General Partner shall be 4th Floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton HM 08, 
Bermuda or such other place as the General Partner may from time to time designate by notice to 
the Limited Partners. 
Section 2.4 
Purpose and Business. 
The purpose and nature of the business to be conducted by the Partnership shall be to (a) 
engage directly in, or enter into or form any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited 
liability company or other arrangement to engage indirectly in, any business activity that is

--- Page 72 ---
16 
approved by the General Partner and that lawfully may be conducted by a limited partnership 
organized pursuant to the Marshall Islands Act and, in connection therewith, to exercise all of the 
rights and powers conferred upon the Partnership pursuant to the agreements relating to such 
business activity, and (b) do anything necessary or appropriate to the foregoing, including the 
making of capital contributions or loans to a Group Member.  The General Partner shall have no 
duty or obligation to propose or approve, and may decline to propose or approve, the conduct by 
the Partnership of any business free of any fiduciary duty or obligation whatsoever to the 
Partnership or any Limited Partner and, in declining to so propose or approve, shall not be 
required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any 
Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Marshall 
Islands Act or any other law, rule or regulation. 
Section 2.5 
Powers. 
The Partnership shall be empowered to do any and all acts and things necessary and 
appropriate for the furtherance and accomplishment of the purposes and business described in 
Section 2.4 and for the protection and benefit of the Partnership. 
Section 2.6 
Power of Attorney. 
(a) 
Each Limited Partner hereby constitutes and appoints the General Partner and, if a 
Liquidator shall have been selected pursuant to Section 12.3, the Liquidator (and any successor 
to the Liquidator by merger, transfer, assignment, election or otherwise) and each of their 
authorized officers and attorneys-in-fact, as the case may be, with full power of substitution, as 
his true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact, with full power and authority in his name, place 
and stead, to: 
(i) 
execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and record in the appropriate 
public offices (A) all certificates, documents and other instruments (including this 
Agreement and the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all amendments or restatements 
hereof or thereof) that the General Partner or the Liquidator determines to be necessary or 
appropriate to form, qualify or continue the existence or qualification of the Partnership 
as a limited partnership (or a partnership in which the limited partners have limited 
liability) in the Marshall Islands and in all other jurisdictions in which the Partnership 
may conduct business or own property; (B) all certificates, documents and other 
instruments that the General Partner or the Liquidator determines to be necessary or 
appropriate to reflect, in accordance with its terms, any amendment, change, modification 
or restatement of this Agreement; (C) all certificates, documents and other instruments 
(including conveyances and a certificate of cancellation) that the General Partner or the 
Liquidator determines to be necessary or appropriate to reflect the dissolution and 
liquidation of the Partnership pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (D) all certificates, 
documents and other instruments relating to the admission, withdrawal, removal or 
substitution of any Partner pursuant to, or other events described in, Articles IV, X, XI or 
XII; (E) all certificates, documents and other instruments relating to the determination of 
the rights, preferences and privileges of any class or series of Partnership Securities 
issued pursuant to Section 5.6; and (F) all certificates, documents and other instruments

--- Page 73 ---
17 
(including agreements and a certificate of merger) relating to a merger, consolidation or 
conversion of the Partnership pursuant to Article XIV; and 
(ii) 
execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and record all ballots, 
consents, approvals, waivers, certificates, documents and other instruments that the 
General Partner or the Liquidator determines to be necessary or appropriate to (A) make, 
evidence, give, confirm or ratify any vote, consent, approval, agreement or other action 
that is made or given by the Partners hereunder or is consistent with the terms of this 
Agreement or (B) effectuate the terms or intent of this Agreement; provided, that when 
required by Section 13.3 or any other provision of this Agreement that establishes a 
percentage of the Limited Partners or of the Limited Partners of any class or series 
required to take any action, the General Partner and the Liquidator may exercise the 
power of attorney made in this Section 2.6(a)(ii) only after the necessary vote, consent or 
approval of the Limited Partners or of the Limited Partners of such class or series, as 
applicable. 
Nothing contained in this Section 2.6(a) shall be construed as authorizing the General 
Partner to amend this Agreement except in accordance with Article XIII or as may be otherwise 
expressly provided for in this Agreement. 
(b) 
The foregoing power of attorney is hereby declared to be irrevocable and a power 
coupled with an interest, and it shall survive and, to the maximum extent permitted by law, not 
be affected by the subsequent death, incompetency, disability, incapacity, dissolution, 
bankruptcy or termination of any Limited Partner and the transfer of all or any portion of such 
Limited Partner’s Partnership Interest and shall extend to such Limited Partner’s heirs, 
successors, assigns and personal representatives.  Each such Limited Partner hereby agrees to be 
bound by any representation made by the General Partner or the Liquidator acting in good faith 
pursuant to such power of attorney; and each such Limited Partner, to the maximum extent 
permitted by law, hereby waives any and all defenses that may be available to contest, negate or 
disaffirm the action of the General Partner or the Liquidator taken in good faith under such 
power of attorney.  Each Limited Partner shall execute and deliver to the General Partner or the 
Liquidator, within 15 days after receipt of the request therefor, such further designation, powers 
of attorney and other instruments as the General Partner or the Liquidator determines to be 
necessary or appropriate to effectuate this Agreement and the purposes of the Partnership. 
Section 2.7 
Term. 
The term of the Partnership commenced upon the filing of the Certificate of Limited 
Partnership in accordance with the Marshall Islands Act and shall continue in existence until the 
dissolution of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of Article XII.  The existence of 
the Partnership as a separate legal entity shall continue until the cancellation of the Certificate of 
Limited Partnership as provided in the Marshall Islands Act. 
Section 2.8 
Title to Partnership Assets. 
Title to Partnership assets, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or 
intangible, shall be deemed to be owned by the Partnership as an entity, and no Partner,

--- Page 74 ---
18 
individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such Partnership assets or any 
portion thereof.  Title to any or all of the Partnership assets may be held in the name of the 
Partnership, the General Partner, one or more of its Affiliates or one or more nominees, as the 
General Partner may determine.  The General Partner hereby declares and warrants that any 
Partnership assets for which record title is held in the name of the General Partner or one or more 
of its Affiliates or one or more nominees shall be held by the General Partner or such Affiliate or 
nominee for the use and benefit of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement; provided, however, that the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to cause 
record title to such assets (other than those assets in respect of which the General Partner 
determines that the expense and difficulty of conveyancing makes transfer of record title to the 
Partnership impracticable) to be vested in the Partnership as soon as reasonably practicable; 
provided, further, that, prior to the withdrawal or removal of the General Partner or as soon 
thereafter as practicable, the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to effect the transfer of 
record title to the Partnership and, prior to any such transfer, will provide for the use of such 
assets in a manner satisfactory to the General Partner.  All Partnership assets shall be recorded as 
the property of the Partnership in its books and records, irrespective of the name in which record 
title to such Partnership assets is held. 
ARTICLE III 
 
RIGHTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS 
Section 3.1 
Limitation of Liability. 
The Limited Partners shall have no liability under this Agreement except as expressly 
provided in this Agreement or the Marshall Islands Act.   
Section 3.2 
Management of Business. 
No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall participate in the operation, management 
or control (within the meaning of the Marshall Islands Act) of the Partnership’s business, 
transact any business in the Partnership’s name or have the power to sign documents for or 
otherwise bind the Partnership.  Any action taken by any Affiliate of the General Partner or any 
officer, director, employee, manager, member, general partner, agent or trustee of the General 
Partner or any of its Affiliates, or any officer, director, employee, member, general partner, agent 
or trustee of a Group Member, in its capacity as such, shall not be deemed to be participation in 
the control of the business of the Partnership by a limited partner of the Partnership (within the 
meaning of Section 30 of the Marshall Islands Act) and shall not affect, impair or eliminate the 
limitations on the liability of the Limited Partners under this Agreement. 
Section 3.3 
Outside Activities of the Limited Partners. 
Subject to the provisions of Section 7.5 and the Omnibus Agreement, which shall 
continue to be applicable to the Persons referred to therein, regardless of whether such Persons 
shall also be Limited Partners, any Limited Partner shall be entitled to and may have business 
interests and engage in business activities in addition to those relating to the Partnership, 
including business interests and activities in direct competition with the Partnership Group.

--- Page 75 ---
19 
Neither the Partnership nor any of the other Partners shall have any rights by virtue of this 
Agreement in any business ventures of any Limited Partner. 
Section 3.4 
Rights of Limited Partners. 
(a) 
In addition to other rights provided by this Agreement or by applicable law, and 
except as limited by Section 3.4(b), each Limited Partner shall have the right, for a purpose 
reasonably related to such Limited Partner’s interest as a Limited Partner in the Partnership, 
upon reasonable written demand and at such Limited Partner’s own expense: 
(i) 
for taxable years ending on or prior to date immediately prior to the 
Effective Date, promptly after becoming available, to obtain a copy of the Partnership’s 
foreign, federal, state and local income tax returns for each year; 
(ii) 
to have furnished to him a current list of the name and last known 
business, residence or mailing address of each Partner; 
(iii) 
to obtain true and full information regarding the amount of cash and a 
description and statement of the Net Agreed Value of any other Capital Contribution by 
each Partner and which each Partner has agreed to contribute in the future, and the date 
on which each became a Partner; 
(iv) 
to have furnished to him a copy of this Agreement and the Certificate of 
Limited Partnership and all amendments thereto, together with a copy of the executed 
copies of all powers of attorney pursuant to which this Agreement, the Certificate of 
Limited Partnership and all amendments thereto have been executed; 
(v) 
to obtain true and full information regarding the status of the business and 
financial condition of the Partnership Group; and 
(vi) 
to obtain such other information regarding the affairs of the Partnership as 
is just and reasonable. 
(b) 
The General Partner may keep confidential from the Limited Partners, for such 
period of time as the General Partner deems reasonable, (i) any information that the General 
Partner reasonably believes to be in the nature of trade secrets or (ii) other information the 
disclosure of which the General Partner in good faith believes (A) is not in the best interests of 
the Partnership Group, (B) could damage the Partnership Group or (C) that any Group Member 
is required by law or by agreement with any third party to keep confidential (other than 
agreements with Affiliates of the Partnership the primary purpose of which is to circumvent the 
obligations set forth in this Section 3.4). 
ARTICLE IV 
 
CERTIFICATES; RECORD HOLDERS; TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS;  
REDEMPTION OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
Section 4.1 
Certificates.

--- Page 76 ---
20 
Upon the Partnership’s issuance of Common Units or Preferred Units to any Person and 
subject to Section 16.2(b) with respect to any series of Preferred Units described therein, the 
Partnership shall issue, upon the request of such Person, one or more Certificates in the name of 
such Person evidencing the number of such Units being so issued.  In addition, (a) upon the 
General Partner’s request, the Partnership shall issue to it one or more Certificates in the name of 
the General Partner evidencing its interests in the Partnership and (b) upon the request of any 
Person owning any Partnership Securities other than Common Units or Preferred Units, the 
Partnership shall issue to such Person one or more certificates evidencing such Partnership 
Securities other than Common Units or Preferred Units.  Certificates shall be executed on behalf 
of the Partnership by the Chairman of the Board, President or any Executive Vice President or 
Vice President and the Chief Financial Officer or the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the 
General Partner.  No Common Unit Certificate or Preferred Unit Certificate shall be valid for any 
purpose until it has been countersigned by the Transfer Agent; provided, however, that if the 
General Partner elects to issue Common Units or Preferred Units in global form, the Common 
Unit Certificates or the Preferred Unit Certificates shall be valid upon receipt of a certificate 
from the Transfer Agent certifying that the Common Units or Preferred Units have been duly 
registered in accordance with the directions of the Partnership. 
Section 4.2 
Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates. 
(a) 
If any mutilated Certificate is surrendered to the Transfer Agent, the appropriate 
officers of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall execute, and the Transfer Agent 
shall countersign and deliver in exchange therefor, a new Certificate evidencing the same 
number and type of Partnership Securities as the Certificate so surrendered. 
(b) 
The appropriate officers of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall 
execute and deliver, and the Transfer Agent shall countersign, a new Certificate in place of any 
Certificate previously issued if the Record Holder of the Certificate: 
(i) 
makes proof by affidavit, in form and substance satisfactory to the General 
Partner, that a previously issued Certificate has been lost, destroyed or stolen; 
(ii) 
requests the issuance of a new Certificate before the General Partner has 
notice that the Certificate has been acquired by a purchaser for value in good faith and 
without notice of an adverse claim; 
(iii) 
if requested by the General Partner, delivers to the General Partner a bond, 
in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, with surety or sureties and with 
fixed or open penalty as the General Partner may direct to indemnify the Partnership, the 
Partners, the General Partner and the Transfer Agent against any claim that may be made 
on account of the alleged loss, destruction or theft of the Certificate; and 
(iv) 
satisfies any other reasonable requirements imposed by the General 
Partner. 
If a Limited Partner fails to notify the General Partner within a reasonable period of time 
after he has notice of the loss, destruction or theft of a Certificate, and a transfer of the Limited 
Partner Interests represented by the Certificate is registered before the Partnership, the General

--- Page 77 ---
21 
Partner or the Transfer Agent receives such notification, the Limited Partner shall be precluded 
from making any claim against the Partnership, the General Partner or the Transfer Agent for 
such transfer or for a new Certificate. 
(c) 
As a condition to the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 4.2, the 
General Partner may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including 
the fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) reasonably connected therewith. 
Section 4.3 
Record Holders. 
The Partnership shall be entitled to recognize the applicable Record Holder as the Partner 
with respect to any Partnership Interest and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any 
equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such Partnership Interest on the part of any other 
Person, regardless of whether the Partnership shall have actual or other notice thereof, except as 
otherwise provided by law or any applicable rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any 
National Securities Exchange on which such Partnership Interests are listed.  Without limiting 
the foregoing, when a Person (such as a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing 
corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing) is acting as nominee, agent or in some other 
representative capacity for another Person in acquiring and/or holding Partnership Interests, as 
between the Partnership on the one hand, and such other Persons on the other hand, such 
representative shall be the Record Holder of such Partnership Interest. 
Section 4.4 
Transfer Generally. 
(a) 
The term “transfer,” when used in this Agreement with respect to a Partnership 
Interest, shall be deemed to refer to a transaction (i) by which the General Partner assigns its 
General Partner Interest to another Person, and includes a sale, assignment, gift, pledge, 
encumbrance, hypothecation, mortgage, exchange or any other disposition by law or otherwise 
or (ii) by which the holder of a Limited Partner Interest assigns such Limited Partner Interest to 
another Person who is or becomes a Limited Partner, and includes a sale, assignment, gift, 
exchange or any other disposition by law or otherwise, including any transfer upon foreclosure 
of any pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or mortgage. 
(b) 
No Partnership Interest shall be transferred, in whole or in part, except in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Article IV.  Any transfer or purported 
transfer of a Partnership Interest not made in accordance with this Article IV shall be null and 
void. 
(c) 
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent a disposition 
by any stockholder, member, partner or other owner of the General Partner of any or all of the 
shares of stock, membership interests, partnership interests or other ownership interests in the 
General Partner. 
Section 4.5 
Registration and Transfer of Limited Partner Interests. 
(a) 
The General Partner shall keep or cause to be kept on behalf of the Partnership a 
register in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe and subject to the

--- Page 78 ---
22 
provisions of Section 4.5(b), the Partnership will provide for the registration and transfer of 
Limited Partner Interests.  The Transfer Agent is hereby appointed registrar and transfer agent 
for the purpose of registering Common Units and Preferred Units and transfers of such Common 
Units and Preferred Units as herein provided.  The Partnership shall not recognize transfers of 
Certificates evidencing Limited Partner Interests unless such transfers are effected in the manner 
described in this Section 4.5.  Upon surrender of a Certificate for registration of transfer of any 
Limited Partner Interests evidenced by a Certificate, and subject to the provisions of Section 
4.5(b), the appropriate officers of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall execute 
and deliver, and in the case of Common Units, the Transfer Agent shall countersign and deliver, 
in the name of the holder or the designated transferee or transferees, as required pursuant to the 
holder’s instructions, one or more new Certificates evidencing the same aggregate number and 
type of Limited Partner Interests as was evidenced by the Certificate so surrendered. 
(b) 
The General Partner shall not recognize any transfer of Limited Partner Interests 
until the Certificates evidencing such Limited Partner Interests are surrendered for registration of 
transfer.  No charge shall be imposed by the General Partner for such transfer; provided, that as a 
condition to the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 4.5, the General Partner may 
require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may 
be imposed with respect thereto. 
(c) 
The General Partner and its Affiliates shall have the right at any time to transfer 
their Common Units or Preferred Units to one or more Persons. 
Section 4.6 
Transfer of the General Partner’s General Partner Interest. 
(a) 
[Reserved]. 
(b) 
Subject to Section 4.6(c) below, the General Partner may transfer all or any of its 
General Partner Interest without Unitholder approval. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no transfer by the General 
Partner of all or any part of its General Partner Interest to another Person shall be permitted 
unless (i) the transferee agrees to assume the rights and duties of the General Partner under this 
Agreement and to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement, (ii) the Partnership receives an 
Opinion of Counsel that such transfer would not result in the loss of limited liability of any 
Limited Partner or of any limited partner or member of any other Group Member and (iii) such 
transferee also agrees to purchase all (or the appropriate portion thereof, if applicable) of the 
partnership or membership interest of the General Partner as the general partner or managing 
member, if any, of each other Group Member.  In the case of a transfer pursuant to and in 
compliance with this Section 4.6, the transferee or successor (as the case may be) shall, subject 
to compliance with the terms of Section 10.3, be admitted to the Partnership as the General 
Partner immediately prior to the transfer of the General Partner Interest, and the business of the 
Partnership shall continue without dissolution. 
Section 4.7 
[Reserved]. 
Section 4.8 
Restrictions on Transfers.

--- Page 79 ---
23 
(a) 
Except as provided in Section 4.8(c) below, but notwithstanding the other 
provisions of this Article IV, no transfer of any Partnership Interests shall be made if such 
transfer would (i) violate the then applicable federal or state securities laws, laws of the Republic 
of the Marshall Islands, or rules and regulations of the Commission, any state securities 
commission or any other governmental authority with jurisdiction over such transfer, or (ii) 
terminate the existence or qualification of the Partnership or any Group Member under the laws 
of the jurisdiction of its formation. 
(b) 
The General Partner may impose such restrictions by amending this Agreement; 
provided, however, that any amendment that would result in the delisting or suspension of 
trading of any class of Limited Partner Interests on the principal National Securities Exchange on 
which such class of Limited Partner Interests is then listed must be approved, prior to such 
amendment being effected, by the holders of a majority of the Outstanding Limited Partner 
Interests of such class. 
(c) 
Nothing contained in this Article IV, or elsewhere in this Agreement, shall 
preclude the settlement of any transactions involving Partnership Interests entered into through 
the facilities of any National Securities Exchange on which such Partnership Interests are listed 
for trading. 
ARTICLE V 
 
CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ISSUANCE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
Section 5.1 
Exchange of Incentive Distribution Rights. 
As of the Effective Date, pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Incentive Distribution 
Rights that were held by the General Partner and were outstanding prior to the execution of this 
Agreement were contributed to the Partnership in exchange for 10,750,000 Common Units. 
Effective immediately following the aforementioned transactions, the Incentive Distribution 
Rights shall be cancelled and no longer exist.  
Section 5.2 
[Reserved]. 
Section 5.3 
[Reserved]. 
Section 5.4 
Interest and Withdrawal. 
No interest shall be paid by the Partnership on Capital Contributions.  No Partner shall be 
entitled to the withdrawal or return of its Capital Contribution, except to the extent, if any, that 
distributions made pursuant to this Agreement or upon termination of the Partnership may be 
considered and permitted as such by law and then only to the extent provided for in this 
Agreement.  Except to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have 
priority over any other Partner either as to the return of Capital Contributions or as to profits, 
losses or distributions. 
Section 5.5 
[Reserved].

--- Page 80 ---
24 
Section 5.6 
Issuances of Additional Partnership Securities. 
(a) 
Subject to any approvals required by Preferred Unit Holders pursuant to Section 
16.5(c)(ii), the Partnership may issue additional Partnership Securities and options, rights, 
warrants and appreciation rights relating to the Partnership Securities for any Partnership purpose 
at any time and from time to time to such Persons for such consideration and on such terms and 
conditions as the General Partner shall determine, all without the approval of any Limited 
Partners. 
(b) 
Each additional Partnership Security authorized to be issued by the Partnership 
pursuant to Section 5.6(a) may be issued in one or more classes, or one or more series of any 
such classes, with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties (which may be senior 
to existing classes and series of Partnership Securities), as shall be fixed by the General Partner, 
including (i) the right to share Partnership profits and losses or items thereof; (ii) the right to 
share in Partnership distributions; (iii) the rights upon dissolution and liquidation of the 
Partnership; (iv) whether, and the terms and conditions upon which, the Partnership may redeem 
the Partnership Security; (v) whether such Partnership Security is issued with the privilege of 
conversion or exchange and, if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion or exchange; (vi) 
the terms and conditions upon which each Partnership Security will be issued, evidenced by 
certificates and assigned or transferred; (vii) the method for determining the Percentage Interest 
as to such Partnership Security; and (viii) the right, if any, of each such Partnership Security to 
vote on Partnership matters, including matters relating to the relative rights, preferences and 
privileges of such Partnership Security. 
(c) 
The General Partner shall take all actions that it determines to be necessary or 
appropriate in connection with (i) each issuance of Partnership Securities and options, rights, 
warrants and appreciation rights relating to Partnership Securities pursuant to this Section 5.6, 
(ii) the conversion of the General Partner Interest into Units pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, (iii) the admission of additional Limited Partners and (iv) all additional issuances of 
Partnership Securities.  The General Partner shall determine the relative rights, powers and duties 
of the holders of the Units or other Partnership Securities being so issued.  The General Partner 
shall do all things necessary to comply with the Marshall Islands Act and is authorized and 
directed to do all things that it determines to be necessary or appropriate in connection with any 
future issuance of Partnership Securities or in connection with the conversion of the General 
Partner Interest into Units pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including compliance with 
any statute, rule, regulation or guideline of any federal, state or other governmental agency or 
any National Securities Exchange on which the Units or other Partnership Securities are listed. 
Section 5.7 
Limitations on Issuance of Additional Partnership Securities. 
The Partnership may issue an unlimited number of Partnership Securities (or options, 
warrants or appreciation rights related thereto) pursuant to Section 5.6 without the approval of 
the Limited Partners; provided, however, that no fractional units shall be issued by the 
Partnership. 
Section 5.8 
Limited Preemptive Right.

--- Page 81 ---
25 
Except as provided in this Section 5.8, no Person shall have any preemptive, preferential 
or other similar right with respect to the issuance of any Partnership Security, whether unissued, 
held in the treasury or hereafter created.  The General Partner shall have the right, which it may 
from time to time assign in whole or in part to any of its Affiliates, to purchase Partnership 
Securities from the Partnership whenever, and on the same terms that, the Partnership issues 
Partnership Securities to Persons other than the General Partner and its Affiliates, to the extent 
necessary to maintain the Percentage Interests of the General Partner and its Affiliates equal to 
that which existed immediately prior to the issuance of such Partnership Securities; provided, 
however, that the amount of any series of Preferred Units issued by the Partnership from time to 
time that the General Partner shall have a right to purchase pursuant to this Section 5.8 shall 
equal the product of (a) the aggregate Percentage Interest of the General Partner and its Affiliates 
multiplied by (b) the number of such series of Preferred Units so issued. Except as set forth in 
Article XII, the General Partner shall not be obligated to make any Capital Contributions to the 
Partnership. 
Section 5.9 
Splits and Combinations. 
(a) 
Subject to Section 5.9(d), the Partnership may make a Pro Rata distribution of 
Partnership Securities (other than Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units) to all 
Record Holders of the same class or series of Partnership Securities or may effect a subdivision 
or combination of the same class or series of Partnership Securities so long as, after any such 
event, each Partner holding such class or series of such Partnership Securities shall have the 
same Percentage Interest in the Partnership as before such event, and any amounts calculated on 
a per Unit basis (including those based on the applicable Stated Preferred Unit Liquidation 
Preference) or stated as a number of Units are proportionately adjusted. 
(b) 
Whenever such a distribution, subdivision or combination of Partnership 
Securities is declared, the General Partner shall select a Record Date as of which the distribution, 
subdivision or combination shall be effective and shall send notice thereof at least 20 days prior 
to such Record Date to each Record Holder as of a date not less than 10 days prior to the date of 
such notice.  The General Partner also may cause a firm of independent public accountants 
selected by it to calculate the number of Partnership Securities to be held by each Record Holder 
after giving effect to such distribution, subdivision or combination.  The General Partner shall be 
entitled to rely on any certificate provided by such firm as conclusive evidence of the accuracy of 
such calculation. 
(c) 
Promptly following any such distribution, subdivision or combination, the 
Partnership may issue Certificates to the Record Holders of Partnership Securities as of the 
applicable Record Date representing the new number of Partnership Securities held by such 
Record Holders, or the General Partner may adopt such other procedures that it determines to be 
necessary or appropriate to reflect such changes.  If any such combination results in a smaller 
total number of Partnership Securities Outstanding, the Partnership shall require, as a condition 
to the delivery to a Record Holder of such new Certificate, the surrender of any Certificate held 
by such Record Holder immediately prior to such Record Date. 
(d) 
The Partnership shall not issue fractional Units upon any distribution, subdivision 
or combination of Units.  If a distribution, subdivision or combination of Units would result in

--- Page 82 ---
26 
the issuance of fractional Units but for the provisions of this Section 5.9(d), each fractional Unit, 
as applicable, shall be rounded to the nearest whole Unit (and a 0.5 Unit shall be rounded to the 
next higher Unit). 
Section 5.10 Fully Paid and Non-Assessable Nature of Limited Partner Interests. 
All Limited Partner Interests issued pursuant to, and in accordance with the requirements 
of, this Article V shall be fully paid and non-assessable Limited Partner Interests in the 
Partnership, except as such non-assessability may be affected by Section 51 of the Marshall 
Islands Act. 
ARTICLE VI 
 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
Section 6.1 
Allocations. 
The profits and losses of the Partnership shall be allocated among the Partners by the 
General Partner in such manner as the General Partner determines in good faith most accurately 
reflects the rights of the Partners as set forth elsewhere in this Agreement. 
Section 6.2 
[Reserved]. 
Section 6.3 
Distributions to Record Holders. 
(a) 
Subject to Section 16.3 and except as otherwise required by Section 5.6(b) in 
respect of other Partnership Securities issued pursuant thereto, within 45 days following the end 
of each Quarter commencing with the Quarter ending on June 30, 2005, an amount equal to 
100% of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter shall, subject to Section 51 of the Marshall 
Islands Act, be distributed in accordance with this Article VI by the Partnership to (a) the 
General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest and (b) to all Unitholders holding 
Common Units, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner’s Percentage 
Interest as of the Record Date selected by the General Partner. All distributions required to be 
made under this Agreement shall be made subject to Section 51 of the Marshall Islands Act.  
This Section 6.3(a) shall not apply to Preferred Units. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding Section 6.3(a), in the event of the dissolution and liquidation of 
the Partnership, all receipts received during or after the Quarter in which the Liquidation Date 
occurs, other than from borrowings described in (a)(ii) of the definition of Available Cash, shall 
be applied and distributed solely in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, 
Section 12.4. 
(c) 
The General Partner may treat taxes required or elected to be withheld with 
respect to, all or less than all of the Partners, as a distribution of Available Cash to such Partners. 
(d) 
Each distribution in respect of a Partnership Interest shall be paid by the 
Partnership, directly or through the Transfer Agent or through any other Person or agent, only to 
the Record Holder of such Partnership Interest as of the Record Date set for such distribution.

--- Page 83 ---
27 
Such payment shall constitute full payment and satisfaction of the Partnership’s liability in 
respect of such payment, regardless of any claim of any Person who may have an interest in such 
payment by reason of an assignment or otherwise 
Section 6.4 
[Reserved]. 
Section 6.5 
[Reserved]. 
Section 6.6 
[Reserved]. 
Section 6.7 
[Reserved]. 
Section 6.8 
[Reserved]. 
ARTICLE VII 
 
MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION OF BUSINESS 
Section 7.1 
Management. 
(a) 
The General Partner shall conduct, direct and manage all activities of the 
Partnership.  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, all management powers 
over the business and affairs of the Partnership shall be exclusively vested in the General Partner, 
and no Limited Partner shall have any management power over the business and affairs of the 
Partnership.  In addition to the powers now or hereafter granted a general partner of a limited 
partnership under applicable law or that are granted to the General Partner under any other 
provision of this Agreement, the General Partner, subject to Section 7.3, shall have full power 
and authority to do all things and on such terms as it determines to be necessary or appropriate to 
conduct the business of the Partnership, to exercise all powers set forth in Section 2.5 and to 
effectuate the purposes set forth in Section 2.4, including the following: 
(i) 
the making of any expenditures, the lending or borrowing of money, the 
assumption or guarantee of, or other contracting for, indebtedness and other liabilities, 
the issuance of evidences of indebtedness, including indebtedness that is convertible into 
Partnership Securities (subject to Section 16.5 with respect to any Senior Securities), and 
the incurring of any other obligations; 
(ii) 
the making of tax, regulatory and other filings, or rendering of periodic or 
other reports to governmental or other agencies having jurisdiction over the business or 
assets of the Partnership; 
(iii) 
the acquisition, disposition, mortgage, pledge, encumbrance, 
hypothecation or exchange of any or all of the assets of the Partnership or the merger or 
other combination of the Partnership with or into another Person (the matters described in 
this clause (iii) being subject, however, to any prior approval that may be required by 
Section 7.3 and Article XIV);

--- Page 84 ---
28 
(iv) 
the use of the assets of the Partnership (including cash on hand) for any 
purpose consistent with the terms of this Agreement, including the financing of the 
conduct of the operations of the Partnership Group; subject to Section 7.6(a), the lending 
of funds to other Persons (including other Group Members); the repayment or guarantee 
of obligations of the Partnership Group; and the making of capital contributions to any 
member of the Partnership Group; 
(v) 
the negotiation, execution and performance of any contracts, conveyances 
or other instruments (including instruments that limit the liability of the Partnership under 
contractual arrangements to all or particular assets of the Partnership, with the other party 
to the contract to have no recourse against the General Partner or its assets other than its 
interest in the Partnership, even if same results in the terms of the transaction being less 
favorable to the Partnership than would otherwise be the case); 
(vi) 
the distribution of Partnership cash; 
(vii) 
the selection and dismissal of employees (including employees having 
titles such as “president,” “vice president,” “secretary” and “treasurer”) and agents, 
outside attorneys, accountants, consultants and contractors and the determination of their 
compensation and other terms of employment or hiring; 
(viii) the maintenance of insurance for the benefit of the Partnership Group, the 
Partners and Indemnitees; 
(ix) 
the formation of, or acquisition of an interest in, and the contribution of 
property and the making of loans to, any further limited or general partnerships, joint 
ventures, corporations, limited liability companies or other relationships (including the 
acquisition of interests in, and the contributions of property to, any Group Member from 
time to time) subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.4; 
(x) 
the control of any matters affecting the rights and obligations of the 
Partnership, including the bringing and defending of actions at law or in equity and 
otherwise engaging in the conduct of litigation, arbitration or mediation and the incurring 
of legal expense and the settlement of claims and litigation; 
(xi) 
the indemnification of any Person against liabilities and contingencies to 
the extent permitted by law; 
(xii) 
the entering into of listing agreements with any National Securities 
Exchange and the delisting of some or all of the Limited Partner Interests from, or 
requesting that trading be suspended on, any such exchange (subject to any prior approval 
that may be required under Section 4.8); 
(xiii) the purchase, sale or other acquisition or disposition of Partnership 
Securities (subject to Section 16.6(g)), or the issuance of options, rights, warrants and 
appreciation rights relating to Partnership Securities;

--- Page 85 ---
29 
(xiv) the undertaking of any action in connection with the Partnership’s 
participation in any Group Member; and 
(xv) 
the entering into of agreements with any of its Affiliates to render services 
to a Group Member or to itself in the discharge of its duties as General Partner of the 
Partnership. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, any Group Member 
Agreement, the Marshall Islands Act or any applicable law, rule or regulation, each of the 
Partners and each other Person who may acquire an interest in Partnership Securities hereby (i) 
approves, ratifies and confirms the execution, delivery and performance by the parties thereto of 
this Agreement, the Underwriting Agreement, the Omnibus Agreement, the Contribution 
Agreement, any Group Member Agreement of any other Group Member and the other 
agreements described in or filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are related to the 
transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement; (ii) agrees that the General Partner (on 
its own or through any officer of the Partnership) is authorized to execute, deliver and perform 
the agreements referred to in clause (i) of this sentence and the other agreements, acts, 
transactions and matters described in or contemplated by the Registration Statement on behalf of 
the Partnership without any further act, approval or vote of the Partners or the other Persons who 
may acquire an interest in Partnership Securities; and (iii) agrees that the execution, delivery or 
performance by the General Partner, any Group Member or any Affiliate of any of them of this 
Agreement or any agreement authorized or permitted under this Agreement (including the 
exercise by the General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner of the rights accorded 
pursuant to Article XV) shall not constitute a breach by the General Partner of any duty that the 
General Partner may owe the Partnership or the Limited Partners or any other Persons under this 
Agreement (or any other agreements) or of any duty stated or implied by law or equity. 
Section 7.2 
Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
The General Partner caused the Certificate of Limited Partnership to be filed with the 
Registrar of Corporations of the Marshall Islands as required by the Marshall Islands Act.  The 
General Partner shall use all reasonable efforts to cause to be filed such other certificates or 
documents that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate for the formation, 
continuation, qualification and operation of a limited partnership (or a partnership in which the 
limited partners have limited liability) in the Marshall Islands or any other jurisdiction in which 
the Partnership may elect to do business or own property.  To the extent the General Partner 
determines such action to be necessary or appropriate, the General Partner shall file amendments 
to and restatements of the Certificate of Limited Partnership and do all things to maintain the 
Partnership as a limited partnership (or a partnership or other entity in which the limited partners 
have limited liability) under the laws of the Marshall Islands or of any other jurisdiction in which 
the Partnership may elect to do business or own property.  Subject to the terms of Section 3.4(a), 
the General Partner shall not be required, before or after filing, to deliver or mail a copy of the 
Certificate of Limited Partnership, any qualification document or any amendment thereto to any 
Limited Partner. 
Section 7.3 
Restrictions on the General Partner’s Authority.

--- Page 86 ---
30 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the General Partner may not, 
without written approval of the specific act by holders of all of the Outstanding Limited Partner 
Interests or by other written instrument executed and delivered by holders of all of the 
Outstanding Limited Partner Interests subsequent to the date of this Agreement, take any action 
in contravention of this Agreement, including, (i) committing any act that would make it 
impossible to carry on the ordinary business of the Partnership; (ii) possessing Partnership 
property, or assigning any rights in specific Partnership property, for other than a Partnership 
purpose; (iii) admitting a Person as a Partner; (iv) amending this Agreement in any manner; or 
(v) transferring its interest as a general partner of the Partnership. 
(b) 
Except as provided in Articles XII and XIV, the General Partner may not sell, 
exchange or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership Group, 
taken as a whole, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of 
merger, consolidation, other combination or sale of ownership interests of the Partnership’s 
Subsidiaries) without the approval of holders of a Unit Majority; provided, however, that this 
provision shall not preclude or limit the General Partner’s ability to mortgage, pledge, 
hypothecate or grant a security interest in all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership 
Group and shall not apply to any forced sale of any or all of the assets of the Partnership Group 
pursuant to the foreclosure of, or other realization upon, any such encumbrance.  Without the 
approval of holders of a Unit Majority, the General Partner shall not, on behalf of the 
Partnership, (i) consent to any amendment to the Operating Company Agreement or, except as 
expressly permitted by Section 7.9(e), take any action permitted to be taken by a member of the 
Operating Company, in either case, that would adversely affect the Limited Partners (including 
any particular class of Partnership Interests as compared to any other class of Partnership 
Interests) in any material respect or (ii) except as permitted under Sections 4.6, 11.1 and 11.2, 
elect or cause the Partnership to elect a successor general partner of the Partnership. 
Section 7.4 
Reimbursement of the General Partner. 
(a) 
Except as provided in this Section 7.4 and elsewhere in this Agreement, the 
General Partner shall not be compensated for its services as a general partner or managing 
member of any Group Member. 
(b) 
The General Partner shall be reimbursed on a monthly basis, or such other basis 
as the General Partner may determine, for (i) all direct and indirect expenses it incurs or 
payments it makes on behalf of the Partnership (including salary, bonus, incentive compensation 
and other amounts paid to any Person including Affiliates of the General Partner to perform 
services for the Partnership or for the General Partner in the discharge of its duties to the 
Partnership), and (ii) all other expenses allocable to the Partnership or otherwise incurred by the 
General Partner in connection with operating the Partnership’s business (including expenses 
allocated to the General Partner by its Affiliates).  The General Partner shall determine the 
expenses that are allocable to the Partnership.  Reimbursements pursuant to this Section 7.4 shall 
be in addition to any reimbursement to the General Partner as a result of indemnification 
pursuant to Section 7.7. 
(c) 
The General Partner, without the approval of the Limited Partners (who shall have 
no right to vote in respect thereof), may propose and adopt on behalf of the Partnership employee

--- Page 87 ---
31 
benefit plans, employee programs and employee practices (including plans, programs and 
practices involving the issuance of Partnership Securities or options to purchase or rights, 
warrants or appreciation rights relating to Partnership Securities), or cause the Partnership to 
issue Partnership Securities in connection with, or pursuant to, any employee benefit plan, 
employee program or employee practice maintained or sponsored by the General Partner or any 
of its Affiliates, in each case for the benefit of employees of the General Partner, any Group 
Member or any Affiliate, or any of them, in respect of services performed, directly or indirectly, 
for the benefit of the Partnership Group.  The Partnership agrees to issue and sell to the General 
Partner or any of its Affiliates any Partnership Securities that the General Partner or such 
Affiliates are obligated to provide to any employees pursuant to any such employee benefit 
plans, employee programs or employee practices.  Expenses incurred by the General Partner in 
connection with any such plans, programs and practices (including the net cost to the General 
Partner or such Affiliates of Partnership Securities purchased by the General Partner or such 
Affiliates from the Partnership to fulfill options or awards under such plans, programs and 
practices) shall be reimbursed in accordance with Section 7.4(b).  Any and all obligations of the 
General Partner under any employee benefit plans, employee programs or employee practices 
adopted by the General Partner as permitted by this Section 7.4(c) shall constitute obligations of 
the General Partner hereunder and shall be assumed by any successor General Partner approved 
pursuant to Section 11.1 or 11.2 or the transferee of or successor to all of the General Partner’s 
General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6. 
Section 7.5 
Outside Activities. 
(a) 
After the Closing Date, the General Partner, for so long as it is the General 
Partner of the Partnership (i) agrees that its sole business will be to act as a general partner or 
managing member, as the case may be, of the Partnership and any other partnership or limited 
liability company of which the Partnership or the Operating Company is, directly or indirectly, a 
partner or member and to undertake activities that are ancillary or related thereto (including 
being a limited partner in the Partnership), (ii) shall not engage in any business or activity or 
incur any debts or liabilities except in connection with or incidental to (A) its performance as 
general partner or managing member, if any, of one or more Group Members or as described in 
or contemplated by the Registration Statement or (B) the acquiring, owning or disposing of debt 
or equity securities in any Group Member and (iii) except to the extent permitted in the Omnibus 
Agreement, shall not, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates not to, engage in any Offshore 
Restricted Business or Crude Oil Restricted Business (as such terms are defined in the Omnibus 
Agreement). 
(b) 
Teekay Corporation and certain of its Affiliates have entered into the Omnibus 
Agreement, which agreement sets forth certain restrictions on the ability of Teekay Corporation 
and its Affiliates to engage in any LNG Restricted Businesses (as such term is defined in the 
Omnibus Agreement). 
(c) 
Except as specifically restricted by Section 7.5(a) or the Omnibus Agreement, 
each Indemnitee (other than the General Partner) shall have the right to engage in businesses of 
every type and description and other activities for profit and to engage in and possess an interest 
in other business ventures of any and every type or description, whether in businesses engaged in 
or anticipated to be engaged in by any Group Member, independently or with others, including

--- Page 88 ---
32 
business interests and activities in direct competition with the business and activities of any 
Group Member, and none of the same shall constitute a breach of this Agreement or any duty 
expressed or implied by law to any Group Member or any Partner.  None of any Group Member, 
any Limited Partner or any other Person shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement, any 
Group Member Agreement, or the partnership relationship established hereby in any business 
ventures of any Indemnitee. 
(d) 
Subject to the terms of Section 7.5(a), Section 7.5(b), Section 7.5(c) and the 
Omnibus Agreement, but otherwise notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
(i) the engaging in competitive activities by any Indemnitees (other than the General Partner) in 
accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.5 is hereby approved by the Partnership and all 
Partners, (ii) it shall be deemed not to be a breach of any fiduciary duty or any other obligation of 
any type whatsoever of the General Partner or of any Indemnitee for the Indemnitees (other than 
the General Partner) to engage in such business interests and activities in preference to or to the 
exclusion of the Partnership and (iii) except as set forth in the Omnibus Agreement, the General 
Partner and the Indemnitees shall have no obligation hereunder or as a result of any duty 
expressed or implied by law to present business opportunities to the Partnership. 
(e) 
The General Partner and each of its Affiliates may acquire Units or other 
Partnership Securities in addition to those acquired on the Closing Date and, except as otherwise 
provided in this Agreement, shall be entitled to exercise, at their option, all rights relating to all 
Units or other Partnership Securities acquired by them. 
(f) 
The term “Affiliates” when used in Section 7.5(a) and Section 7.5(e) with respect 
to the General Partner shall not include any Group Member. 
(g) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any 
provision of this Agreement purports or is interpreted to have the effect of restricting the 
fiduciary duties that might otherwise, as a result of Marshall Islands law or other applicable law, 
be owed by the General Partner to the Partnership and its Limited Partners, or to constitute a 
waiver or consent by the Limited Partners to any such restriction, such provisions shall be 
inapplicable and have no effect in determining whether the General Partner has complied with its 
fiduciary duties in connection with determinations made by it under this Section 7.5. 
Section 7.6 
Loans from the General Partner; Loans or Contributions from the Partnership or 
Group Members. 
(a) 
The General Partner or any of its Affiliates may lend to any Group Member, and 
any Group Member may borrow from the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, funds needed 
or desired by the Group Member for such periods of time and in such amounts as the General 
Partner may determine; provided, however, that in any such case the lending party may not 
charge the borrowing party interest at a rate greater than the rate that would be charged the 
borrowing party or impose terms less favorable to the borrowing party than would be charged or 
imposed on the borrowing party by unrelated lenders on comparable loans made on an arm’s-
length basis (without reference to the lending party’s financial abilities or guarantees), all as 
determined by the General Partner.  The borrowing party shall reimburse the lending party for 
any costs (other than any additional interest costs) incurred by the lending party in connection

--- Page 89 ---
33 
with the borrowing of such funds.  For purposes of this Section 7.6(a) and Section 7.6(b), the 
term “Group Member” shall include any Affiliate of a Group Member that is controlled by the 
Group Member. 
(b) 
The Partnership may lend or contribute to any Group Member, and any Group 
Member may borrow from the Partnership, funds on terms and conditions determined by the 
General Partner.  No Group Member may lend funds to the General Partner or any of its 
Affiliates (other than another Group Member). 
(c) 
No borrowing by any Group Member or the approval thereof by the General 
Partner shall be deemed to constitute a breach of any duty, expressed or implied, of the General 
Partner or its Affiliates to the Partnership or the Limited Partners by reason of the fact that the 
purpose or effect of such borrowing is directly or indirectly to enable distributions to the General 
Partner or its Affiliates (including in their capacities as Limited Partners) to exceed the General 
Partner’s Percentage Interest of the total amount distributed to all partners. 
Section 7.7 
Indemnification. 
(a) 
To the fullest extent permitted by law but subject to the limitations expressly 
provided in this Agreement, all Indemnitees shall be indemnified and held harmless by the 
Partnership from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, 
expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or 
other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, whether 
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which any Indemnitee may be involved, or is 
threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, by reason of its status as an Indemnitee; 
provided, that the Indemnitee shall not be indemnified and held harmless if there has been a final 
and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in 
respect of the matter for which the Indemnitee is seeking indemnification pursuant to this Section 
7.7, the Indemnitee acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence 
or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the Indemnitee’s conduct was 
unlawful; provided, further, no indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7 shall be available to 
the General Partner or its Affiliates (other than a Group Member) with respect to its or their 
obligations incurred pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Omnibus Agreement or the 
Contribution Agreement (other than obligations incurred by the General Partner on behalf of the 
Partnership).  Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7 shall be made only out of the 
assets of the Partnership, it being agreed that the General Partner shall not be personally liable 
for such indemnification and shall have no obligation to contribute or loan any monies or 
property to the Partnership to enable it to effectuate such indemnification. 
(b) 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses (including legal fees and 
expenses) incurred by an Indemnitee who is indemnified pursuant to Section 7.7(a) in defending 
any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding shall, from time to time, be advanced by the 
Partnership prior to a determination that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified upon 
receipt by the Partnership of any undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay such 
amount if it shall be determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified as 
authorized in this Section 7.7.

--- Page 90 ---
34 
(c) 
The indemnification provided by this Section 7.7 shall be in addition to any other 
rights to which an Indemnitee may be entitled under any agreement, pursuant to any vote of the 
holders of Outstanding Limited Partner Interests, as a matter of law or otherwise, both as to 
actions in the Indemnitee’s capacity as an Indemnitee and as to actions in any other capacity 
(including any capacity under the Underwriting Agreement), and shall continue as to an 
Indemnitee who has ceased to serve in such capacity and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, 
successors, assigns and administrators of the Indemnitee. 
(d) 
The Partnership may purchase and maintain (or reimburse the General Partner or 
its Affiliates for the cost of) insurance, on behalf of the General Partner, its Affiliates and such 
other Persons as the General Partner shall determine, against any liability that may be asserted 
against, or expense that may be incurred by, such Person in connection with the Partnership’s 
activities or such Person’s activities on behalf of the Partnership, regardless of whether the 
Partnership would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability under the 
provisions of this Agreement. 
(e) 
For purposes of this Section 7.7, the Partnership shall be deemed to have 
requested an Indemnitee to serve as fiduciary of an employee benefit plan whenever the 
performance by it of its duties to the Partnership also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves 
services by, it to the plan or participants or beneficiaries of the plan; excise taxes assessed on an 
Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to applicable law shall constitute 
“fines” within the meaning of Section 7.7(a); and action taken or omitted by it with respect to 
any employee benefit plan in the performance of its duties for a purpose reasonably believed by 
it to be in the best interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the plan shall be deemed to be 
for a purpose that is in the best interests of the Partnership. 
(f) 
In no event may an Indemnitee subject the Limited Partners to personal liability 
by reason of the indemnification provisions set forth in this Agreement. 
(g) 
An Indemnitee shall not be denied indemnification in whole or in part under this 
Section 7.7 because the Indemnitee had an interest in the transaction with respect to which the 
indemnification applies if the transaction was otherwise permitted by the terms of this 
Agreement. 
(h) 
The provisions of this Section 7.7 are for the benefit of the Indemnitees, their 
heirs, successors, assigns and administrators and shall not be deemed to create any rights for the 
benefit of any other Persons. 
(i) 
No amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 7.7 or any provision hereof 
shall in any manner terminate, reduce or impair the right of any past, present or future 
Indemnitee to be indemnified by the Partnership, nor the obligations of the Partnership to 
indemnify any such Indemnitee under and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.7 
as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to claims 
arising from or relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, 
modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted. 
Section 7.8 
Liability of Indemnitees.

--- Page 91 ---
35 
(a) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, no 
Indemnitee shall be liable for monetary damages to the Partnership, the Limited Partners or any 
other Persons who have acquired interests in the Partnership Securities, for losses sustained or 
liabilities incurred as a result of any act or omission of an Indemnitee unless there has been a 
final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, 
in respect of the matter in question, the Indemnitee acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful 
misconduct or gross negligence or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that 
the Indemnitee’s conduct was criminal. 
(b) 
Subject to its obligations and duties as General Partner set forth in Section 7.1(a), 
the General Partner may exercise any of the powers granted to it by this Agreement and perform 
any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through its agents, and the 
General Partner shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such 
agent appointed by the General Partner in good faith. 
(c) 
To the extent that, at law or in equity, an Indemnitee has duties (including 
fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Partnership or to the Partners, the General 
Partner and any other Indemnitee acting in connection with the Partnership’s business or affairs 
shall not be liable to the Partnership or to any Partner for its good faith reliance on the provisions 
of this Agreement. 
(d) 
Any amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 7.8 or any provision 
hereof shall be prospective only and shall not in any way affect the limitations on the liability of 
the Indemnitees under this Section 7.8 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, 
modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or relating to matters occurring, in 
whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such 
claims may arise or be asserted. 
Section 7.9 
Resolution of Conflicts of Interest; Standards of Conduct and Modification of 
Duties. 
(a) 
Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or any Group Member 
Agreement, whenever a potential conflict of interest exists or arises between the General Partner 
or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Partnership, any Group Member or any Partner, 
on the other, any resolution or course of action by the General Partner or its Affiliates in respect 
of such conflict of interest shall be permitted and deemed approved by all Partners, and shall not 
constitute a breach of this Agreement, of any Group Member Agreement, of any agreement 
contemplated herein or therein, or of any duty stated or implied by law or equity, if the resolution 
or course of action in respect of such conflict of interest is (i) approved by Special Approval, (ii) 
approved by the vote of a majority of the Outstanding Common Units (excluding Common Units 
owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates), (iii) on terms no less favorable to the 
Partnership than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or 
(iv) fair and reasonable to the Partnership, taking into account the totality of the relationships 
between the parties involved (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or 
advantageous to the Partnership).  The General Partner shall be authorized but not required in 
connection with its resolution of such conflict of interest to seek Special Approval of such 
resolution, and the General Partner may also adopt a resolution or course of action that has not

--- Page 92 ---
36 
received Special Approval.  If Special Approval is not sought and the Board of Directors of the 
General Partner determines that the resolution or course of action taken with respect to a conflict 
of interest satisfies either of the standards set forth in clauses (iii) or (iv) above, then it shall be 
presumed that, in making its decision, the Board of Directors of the General Partner acted in 
good faith, and in any proceeding brought by any Limited Partner or by or on behalf of such 
Limited Partner or any other Limited Partner or the Partnership challenging such approval, the 
Person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding shall have the burden of overcoming such 
presumption.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the existence of the 
conflicts of interest described in the Registration Statement are hereby approved by all Partners. 
(b) 
Whenever the General Partner makes a determination or takes or declines to take 
any other action, or any of its Affiliates causes it to do so, in its capacity as the general partner of 
the Partnership as opposed to in its individual capacity, whether under this Agreement, any 
Group Member Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby or otherwise, then, 
unless another express standard is provided for in this Agreement, the General Partner, or such 
Affiliates causing it to do so, shall make such determination or take or decline to take such other 
action in good faith and shall not be subject to any other or different standards imposed by this 
Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under 
the Marshall Islands Act or any other law, rule or regulation.  In order for a determination or 
other action to be in “good faith” for purposes of this Agreement, the Person or Persons making 
such determination or taking or declining to take such other action must reasonably believe that 
the determination or other action is in the best interests of the Partnership, unless the context 
otherwise requires. 
(c) 
Whenever the General Partner makes a determination or takes or declines to take 
any other action, or any of its Affiliates causes it to do so, in its individual capacity as opposed to 
in its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership, whether under this Agreement, any 
Group Member Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby or otherwise, then the 
General Partner, or such Affiliates causing it to do so, are entitled to make such determination or 
to take or decline to take such other action free of any fiduciary duty or obligation whatsoever to 
the Partnership or any Limited Partner, and the General Partner, or such Affiliates causing it to 
do so, shall not be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this 
Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under 
the Marshall Islands Act or any other law, rule or regulation.  By way of illustration and not of 
limitation, whenever the phrase, “at the option of the General Partner,” or some variation of that 
phrase, is used in this Agreement, it indicates that the General Partner is acting in its individual 
capacity. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner 
and its Affiliates shall have no duty or obligation, express or implied, to (i) sell or otherwise 
dispose of any asset of the Partnership Group other than in the ordinary course of business or (ii) 
permit any Group Member to use any facilities or assets of the General Partner and its Affiliates, 
except as may be provided in contracts entered into from time to time specifically dealing with 
such use.  Any determination by the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to enter into such 
contracts shall be at its option.

--- Page 93 ---
37 
(e) 
Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither the General Partner nor 
any other Indemnitee shall have any duties or liabilities, including fiduciary duties, to the 
Partnership or any Limited Partner and the provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they 
restrict or otherwise modify the duties and liabilities, including fiduciary duties, of the General 
Partner or any other Indemnitee otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Partners 
to replace such other duties and liabilities of the General Partner or such other Indemnitee.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, but subject to Section 7.9(c) and without reference to 
the definition of “good faith” in Section 7.9(b), neither the General Partner nor any other 
Indemnitee shall owe any fiduciary duties to Preferred Unit Holders other than a contractual duty 
of good faith and fair dealing. 
(f) 
The Unitholders hereby authorize the General Partner, on behalf of the 
Partnership as a partner or member of a Group Member, to approve of actions by the general 
partner or managing member of such Group Member similar to those actions permitted to be 
taken by the General Partner pursuant to this Section 7.9. 
Section 7.10 Other Matters Concerning the General Partner. 
(a) 
The General Partner may rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from 
acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, 
consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to 
have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. 
(b) 
The General Partner may consult with legal counsel, accountants, appraisers, 
management consultants, investment bankers and other consultants and advisers selected by it, 
and any act taken or omitted to be taken in reliance upon the opinion (including an Opinion of 
Counsel) of such Persons as to matters that the General Partner reasonably believes to be within 
such Person’s professional or expert competence shall be conclusively presumed to have been 
done or omitted in good faith and in accordance with such opinion. 
(c) 
The General Partner shall have the right, in respect of any of its powers or 
obligations hereunder, to act through any of its duly authorized officers, a duly appointed 
attorney or attorneys-in-fact or the duly authorized officers of the Partnership. 
Section 7.11 Purchase or Sale of Partnership Securities. 
Subject to Section 16.6(g), the General Partner may cause the Partnership to purchase or 
otherwise acquire Partnership Securities.  As long as Partnership Securities are held by any 
Group Member, such Partnership Securities shall not be considered Outstanding for any purpose, 
except as otherwise provided herein.  The General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner 
may also purchase or otherwise acquire and sell or otherwise dispose of Partnership Securities 
for its own account, subject to the provisions of Articles IV and X and Section 16.6(g). 
Section 7.12 Registration Rights of the General Partner and its Affiliates. 
(a) 
If (i) the General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner (including for 
purposes of this Section 7.12, any Person that is an Affiliate of the General Partner at the date 
hereof notwithstanding that it may later cease to be an Affiliate of the General Partner) or any of

--- Page 94 ---
38 
their assignees holds Partnership Securities that it desires to sell and (ii) Rule 144 of the 
Securities Act (or any successor rule or regulation to Rule 144) or another exemption from 
registration is not available to enable such holder of Partnership Securities (the “Holder”) to 
dispose of the number of Partnership Securities it desires to sell at the time it desires to do so 
without registration under the Securities Act, then at the option and upon the request of the 
Holder, the Partnership shall file with the Commission as promptly as practicable after receiving 
such request, and use all reasonable efforts to cause to become effective and remain effective for 
a period of not less than six months following its effective date or such shorter period as shall 
terminate when all Partnership Securities covered by such registration statement have been sold, 
a registration statement under the Securities Act registering the offering and sale of the number 
of Partnership Securities specified by the Holder; provided, however, that the Partnership shall 
not be required to effect more than three registrations pursuant to this Section 7.12(a); and 
provided further, however, that if the Conflicts Committee determines that a postponement of the 
requested registration for up to six months would be in the best interests of the Partnership and 
its Partners due to a pending transaction, investigation or other event, the filing of such 
registration statement or the effectiveness thereof may be deferred for up to six months, but not 
thereafter.  In connection with any registration pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, 
the Partnership shall (i) promptly prepare and file (A) such documents as may be necessary to 
register or qualify the securities subject to such registration under the securities laws of such 
states as the Holder shall reasonably request; provided, however, that no such qualification shall 
be required in any jurisdiction where, as a result thereof, the Partnership would become subject 
to general service of process or to taxation or qualification to do business as a foreign 
corporation or partnership doing business in such jurisdiction solely as a result of such 
registration, and (B) such documents as may be necessary to apply for listing or to list the 
Partnership Securities subject to such registration on such National Securities Exchange as the 
Holder shall reasonably request, and (ii) do any and all other acts and things that may be 
necessary or appropriate to enable the Holder to consummate a public sale of such Partnership 
Securities in such states.  Except as set forth in Section 7.12(c), all costs and expenses of any 
such registration and offering (other than the underwriting discounts and commissions) shall be 
paid by the Partnership, without reimbursement by the Holder. 
(b) 
If the Partnership shall at any time propose to file a registration statement under 
the Securities Act for an offering of equity securities of the Partnership for cash (other than an 
offering relating solely to an employee benefit plan), the Partnership shall use all reasonable 
efforts to include such number or amount of securities held by the Holder in such registration 
statement as the Holder shall request; provided, that the Partnership is not required to make any 
effort or take any action to so include the securities of the Holder once the registration statement 
is declared effective by the Commission, including any registration statement providing for the 
offering from time to time of securities pursuant to Rule 415 of the Securities Act.  If the 
proposed offering pursuant to this Section 7.12(b) shall be an underwritten offering, then, in the 
event that the managing underwriter or managing underwriters of such offering advise the 
Partnership and the Holder in writing that in their opinion the inclusion of all or some of the 
Holder’s Partnership Securities would adversely and materially affect the success of the offering, 
the Partnership shall include in such offering only that number or amount, if any, of securities 
held by the Holder that, in the opinion of the managing underwriter or managing underwriters, 
will not so adversely and materially affect the offering.  Except as set forth in Section 7.12(c), all

--- Page 95 ---
39 
costs and expenses of any such registration and offering (other than the underwriting discounts 
and commissions) shall be paid by the Partnership, without reimbursement by the Holder. 
(c) 
If underwriters are engaged in connection with any registration referred to in this 
Section 7.12, the Partnership shall provide indemnification, representations, covenants, opinions 
and other assurance to the underwriters in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such 
underwriters.  Further, in addition to and not in limitation of the Partnership’s obligation under 
Section 7.7, the Partnership shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify and hold 
harmless the Holder, its officers, directors and each Person who controls the Holder (within the 
meaning of the Securities Act) and any agent thereof (collectively, “Indemnified Persons”) 
against any losses, claims, demands, actions, causes of action, assessments, damages, liabilities 
(joint or several), costs and expenses (including interest, penalties and reasonable attorneys’ fees 
and disbursements), resulting to, imposed upon, or incurred by the Indemnified Persons, directly 
or indirectly, under the Securities Act or otherwise (hereinafter referred to in this Section 7.12(c) 
as a “claim” and in the plural as “claims”) based upon, arising out of or resulting from any untrue 
statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any registration statement 
under which any Partnership Securities were registered under the Securities Act or any state 
securities or Blue Sky laws, in any preliminary prospectus (if used prior to the effective date of 
such registration statement), or in any summary or final prospectus or in any amendment or 
supplement thereto (if used during the period the Partnership is required to keep the registration 
statement current), or arising out of, based upon or resulting from the omission or alleged 
omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements made therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Partnership shall not be 
liable to any Indemnified Person to the extent that any such claim arises out of, is based upon or 
results from an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission 
made in such registration statement, such preliminary, summary or final prospectus or such 
amendment or supplement, in reliance upon and in conformity with written information 
furnished to the Partnership by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person specifically for use in 
the preparation thereof. 
(d) 
The provisions of Section 7.12(a) and Section 7.12(b) shall continue to be 
applicable with respect to the General Partner (and any of the General Partner’s Affiliates and 
any of the General Partner’s or its Affiliates’ assignees) after it ceases to be a Partner of the 
Partnership, during a period of two years subsequent to the effective date of such cessation and 
for so long thereafter as is required for the Holder to sell all of the Partnership Securities with 
respect to which it has requested during such two-year period inclusion in a registration 
statement otherwise filed or that a registration statement be filed; provided, however, that the 
Partnership shall not be required to file successive registration statements covering the same 
Partnership Securities for which registration was demanded during such two-year period.  The 
provisions of Section 7.12(c) shall continue in effect thereafter. 
(e) 
Any request to register Partnership Securities pursuant to this Section 7.12 shall 
(i) specify the Partnership Securities intended to be offered and sold by the Person making the 
request, (ii) express such Person’s present intent to offer such Partnership Securities for 
distribution, (iii) describe the nature or method of the proposed offer and sale of Partnership 
Securities, and (iv) contain the undertaking of such Person to provide all such information and

--- Page 96 ---
40 
materials and take all action as may be required in order to permit the Partnership to comply with 
all applicable requirements in connection with the registration of such Partnership Securities. 
Section 7.13 Reliance by Third Parties. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Person dealing with the 
Partnership shall be entitled to assume that the General Partner and any officer of the General 
Partner authorized by the General Partner to act on behalf of and in the name of the Partnership 
has full power and authority to encumber, sell or otherwise use in any manner any and all assets 
of the Partnership and to enter into any authorized contracts on behalf of the Partnership, and 
such Person shall be entitled to deal with the General Partner or any such officer as if it were the 
Partnership’s sole party in interest, both legally and beneficially.  Each Limited Partner hereby 
waives any and all defenses or other remedies that may be available against such Person to 
contest, negate or disaffirm any action of the General Partner or any such officer in connection 
with any such dealing.  In no event shall any Person dealing with the General Partner or any such 
officer or its representatives be obligated to ascertain that the terms of this Agreement have been 
complied with or to inquire into the necessity or expedience of any act or action of the General 
Partner or any such officer or its representatives.  Each and every certificate, document or other 
instrument executed on behalf of the Partnership by the General Partner or its representatives 
shall be conclusive evidence in favor of any and every Person relying thereon or claiming 
thereunder that (a) at the time of the execution and delivery of such certificate, document or 
instrument, this Agreement was in full force and effect, (b) the Person executing and delivering 
such certificate, document or instrument was duly authorized and empowered to do so for and on 
behalf of the Partnership and (c) such certificate, document or instrument was duly executed and 
delivered in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement and is binding upon the 
Partnership. 
ARTICLE VIII 
 
BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS 
Section 8.1 
Records and Accounting. 
The General Partner shall keep or cause to be kept at the principal office of the 
Partnership appropriate books and records with respect to the Partnership’s business, including 
all books and records necessary to provide to the Limited Partners any information required to be 
provided pursuant to Section 3.4(a).  Any books and records maintained by or on behalf of the 
Partnership in the regular course of its business, including the record of the Record Holders of 
Units or other Partnership Securities, books of account and records of Partnership proceedings, 
may be kept on, or be in the form of, computer disks, hard drives, punch cards, magnetic tape, 
photographs, micrographics or any other information storage device; provided, that the books 
and records so maintained are convertible into clearly legible written form within a reasonable 
period of time.  The books of the Partnership shall be maintained, for financial reporting 
purposes, on an accrual basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
Section 8.2 
Fiscal Year.

--- Page 97 ---
41 
The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be a fiscal year ending December 31.  
Section 8.3 
Reports. 
(a) 
As soon as practicable, but in no event later than 120 days after the close of each 
fiscal year of the Partnership, the General Partner shall cause to be mailed or made available to 
each Record Holder of a Unit as of a date selected by the General Partner, an annual report 
containing financial statements of the Partnership for such fiscal year of the Partnership, 
presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including a balance sheet and statements of 
operations, Partnership equity and cash flows, such statements to be audited by a firm of 
independent public accountants selected by the General Partner. 
(b) 
As soon as practicable, but in no event later than 90 days after the close of each 
Quarter except the last Quarter of each fiscal year, the General Partner shall cause to be mailed 
or made available to each Record Holder of a Unit, as of a date selected by the General Partner, a 
report containing unaudited financial statements of the Partnership and such other information as 
may be required by applicable law, regulation or rule of any National Securities Exchange on 
which the Units are listed, or as the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate. 
ARTICLE IX 
 
TAX MATTERS 
Section 9.1 
Tax Returns and Information. 
The Partnership shall timely file all returns of the Partnership that are required for 
foreign, federal, state and local income tax purposes on the basis of the accrual method and a 
taxable year ending on December 31.  The tax information reasonably required by Record 
Holders for federal and state income tax reporting purposes with respect to a taxable year shall 
be furnished to them within 90 days of the close of the calendar year in which the Partnership’s 
taxable year ends. 
Section 9.2 
Tax Elections. 
The General Partner is authorized to make the election on Form 8832 for the Partnership 
to be classified as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(c) effective on the Effective Date, and such 
election has been made (the “Tax Election”). 
Section 9.3 
Tax Controversies. 
Subject to the provisions hereof, the General Partner is designated as the “tax matters 
partner” as defined in Section 6231 the Code as in effect prior to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 
2015 for taxable years of the Partnership beginning before January 1, 2018 (the “Tax Matters 
Partner”).  For taxable years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 2017, and ending 
on or prior to date immediately prior to the Effective Date, the General Partner shall, in its sole 
discretion, designate a “partnership representative” as defined in Section 6223 of the Code (the 
“Partnership Representative”).  The Tax Matters Partner and the Partnership Representative

--- Page 98 ---
42 
shall exercise any and all authority of a “tax matters partner” or a “partnership representative,” 
respectively, under the Code, including to represent the Partnership (at the Partnership’s 
expense) in connection with all examinations of the Partnership’s affairs by tax authorities, 
including resulting administrative and judicial proceedings, to bind the Partnership and its 
Partners with respect to any applicable tax matters, to make any available elections and to 
expend Partnership funds for professional services and costs associated therewith.  Each Partner 
agrees to cooperate with the Tax Matters Partner and the Partnership Representative and to do or 
refrain from doing any or all things reasonably required by the Tax Matters Partner and the 
Partnership Representative to conduct such proceedings. 
Section 9.4 
Withholding. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner is authorized 
to take any action that may be required to cause the Partnership and other Group Members to 
comply with any withholding requirements established under the Code or any other federal, state 
or local law including, without limitation, pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 1445 and 1446 of the 
Code.  To the extent that the Partnership is required or elects to withhold and pay over to any 
taxing authority any amount resulting from the allocation or distribution of income to any Partner 
(including, without limitation, by reason of Section 1446 of the Code), the General Partner may 
treat the amount withheld as a distribution of cash pursuant to Section 6.3 in the amount of such 
withholding from such Partner. 
Section 9.5 
Conduct of Operations. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct the business of 
the Partnership and its Affiliates in a manner that does not require a holder of Common Units or 
Preferred Units to file a tax return in any jurisdiction with which the holder has no contact other 
than through ownership of Common Units or Preferred Units.  For greater certainty, the General 
Partner shall conduct the affairs and governance of the Partnership so that the General Partner 
and the Partnership are not residents of Canada for purposes of Canada’s tax legislation and 
neither the General Partner nor the Partnership is carrying on business in Canada for purposes of 
such legislation. 
ARTICLE X 
 
ADMISSION OF PARTNERS 
Section 10.1 [Reserved]. 
Section 10.2 Admission of Additional Limited Partners. 
(a) 
By acceptance of the transfer of any Limited Partner Interests in accordance with 
Article IV or the acceptance of any Limited Partner Interests issued pursuant to Article V or 
pursuant to a merger or consolidation pursuant to Article XIV, each transferee of, or other such 
Person acquiring, a Limited Partner Interest (including any nominee holder or an agent or 
representative acquiring such Limited Partner Interests for the account of another Person) (i) 
shall be admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner with respect to the Limited Partner 
Interests so transferred or issued to such Person when any such transfer, issuance or admission is

--- Page 99 ---
43 
reflected in the books and records of the Partnership and such Limited Partner becomes the 
Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interests so transferred, (ii) shall become bound by the 
terms of this Agreement, (iii) represents that the transferee has the capacity, power and authority 
to enter into this Agreement, (iv) grants the powers of attorney set forth in this Agreement and 
(v) makes the consents and waivers contained in this Agreement, all with or without execution of 
this Agreement by such Person.  The transfer of any Limited Partner Interests and the admission 
of any new Limited Partner shall not constitute an amendment to this Agreement.  A Person may 
become a Limited Partner or Record Holder of a Limited Partner Interest without the consent or 
approval of any of the Partners.  A Person may not become a Limited Partner until such Person 
acquires a Limited Partner Interest and such Person is reflected in the books and records of the 
Partnership as the Record Holder of such Limited Partner Interest. 
(b) 
The name and mailing address of each Limited Partner shall be listed on the 
books and records of the Partnership maintained for such purpose by the Partnership or the 
Transfer Agent.  The General Partner shall update the books and records of the Partnership from 
time to time as necessary to reflect accurately the information therein (or shall cause the Transfer 
Agent to do so, as applicable).  A Limited Partner Interest may be represented by a Certificate, as 
provided in Section 4.1 hereof. 
(c) 
Any transfer of a Limited Partner Interest shall not entitle the transferee to receive 
distributions or to any other rights to which the transferor was entitled until the transferee 
becomes a Limited Partner pursuant to Section 10.2(a). 
Section 10.3 Admission of Successor General Partner. 
A successor General Partner approved pursuant to Section 11.1 or 11.2 or the transferee 
of or successor to all of the General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6 who is proposed to 
be admitted as a successor General Partner shall be admitted to the Partnership as the General 
Partner, effective immediately prior to the withdrawal or removal of the predecessor or 
transferring General Partner, pursuant to Section 11.1 or 11.2 or the transfer of the General 
Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6, provided, however, that no such successor shall be 
admitted to the Partnership until compliance with the terms of Section 4.6 has occurred and such 
successor has executed and delivered such other documents or instruments as may be required to 
effect such admission.  Any such successor shall, subject to the terms hereof, carry on the 
business of the members of the Partnership Group without dissolution. 
Section 10.4 Amendment of Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
To effect the admission to the Partnership of any Partner, the General Partner shall take 
all steps necessary or appropriate under the Marshall Islands Act to amend the records of the 
Partnership to reflect such admission and, if necessary, to prepare as soon as practicable an 
amendment to this Agreement and, if required by law, the General Partner shall prepare and file 
an amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership and the General Partner may for this 
purpose, among others, exercise the power of attorney granted pursuant to Section 2.6.

--- Page 100 ---
44 
ARTICLE XI 
 
WITHDRAWAL OR REMOVAL OF PARTNERS 
Section 11.1 Withdrawal of the General Partner. 
(a) 
The General Partner shall be deemed to have withdrawn from the Partnership 
upon the occurrence of any one of the following events (each such event herein referred to as an 
“Event of Withdrawal”); 
(i) 
The General Partner voluntarily withdraws from the Partnership by giving 
written notice to the other Partners; 
(ii) 
The General Partner transfers all of its rights as General Partner pursuant 
to Section 4.6; 
(iii) 
The General Partner is removed pursuant to Section 11.2; 
(iv) 
The General Partner (A) makes a general assignment for the benefit of 
creditors; (B) files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy; (C) files a petition or answer 
seeking for itself a liquidation, dissolution or similar relief (but not a reorganization) 
under any law; (D) files an answer or other pleading admitting or failing to contest the 
material allegations of a petition filed against the General Partner in a proceeding of the 
type described in clauses (A)-(B) of this Section 11.1(a)(iv); or (E) seeks, consents to or 
acquiesces in the appointment of a trustee, receiver or liquidator of the General Partner or 
of all or any substantial part of its properties; 
(v) 
The General Partner is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or has entered 
against him or her an order for relief in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding; 
(vi) 
 (A) in the case of a general partner that is a corporation, the filing of a 
certificate of dissolution, or its equivalent, for the corporation or the revocation of its 
charter and the expiration of ninety (90) days after the date of notice to the corporation of 
revocation without a reinstatement of its charter; (B) in the event the General Partner is a 
partnership or a limited liability company, the dissolution and commencement of winding 
up of the General Partner; (C) in the event the General Partner is acting in such capacity 
by virtue of being a trustee of a trust, the termination of the trust; (D) in the event the 
General Partner is a natural person, his death or adjudication of incompetency; and (E) 
otherwise in the event of the termination of the General Partner. 
If an Event of Withdrawal specified in Section 11.1(a)(iv), or Section 11.1(a)(vi)(A), (B), or (D) 
occurs, the withdrawing General Partner shall give notice to the Limited Partners within 30 days 
after such occurrence.  The Partners hereby agree that only the Events of Withdrawal described 
in this Section 11.1 shall result in the withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership. 
(b) 
Withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership upon the occurrence of an 
Event of Withdrawal shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement under the following 
circumstances: (i) the General Partner voluntarily withdraws by giving at least 90 days’ advance

--- Page 101 ---
45 
notice to the Unitholders, such withdrawal to take effect on the date specified in such notice; or 
(ii) at any time that the General Partner ceases to be the General Partner pursuant to Section 
11.1(a)(ii) or is removed pursuant to Section 11.2.  The withdrawal of the General Partner from 
the Partnership upon the occurrence of an Event of Withdrawal shall also constitute the 
withdrawal of the General Partner as general partner or managing member, if any, to the extent 
applicable, of the other Group Members.  If the General Partner gives a notice of withdrawal 
pursuant to Section 11.1(a)(i), the holders of a Unit Majority, may, prior to the effective date of 
such withdrawal, elect a successor General Partner.  The Person so elected as successor General 
Partner shall automatically become the successor general partner or managing member, to the 
extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner 
or a managing member.  If, prior to the effective date of the General Partner’s withdrawal, a 
successor is not selected by the Unitholders as provided herein the Partnership shall be dissolved 
in accordance with Section 12.1.  Any successor General Partner elected in accordance with the 
terms of this Section 11.1 shall be subject to the provisions of Section 10.3. 
Section 11.2 Removal of the General Partner. 
The General Partner may be removed if such removal is approved by the Unitholders 
holding at least 66 2/3% of the Outstanding Units (including Units held by the General Partner 
and its Affiliates voting as a single class).  Any such action by such holders for removal of the 
General Partner must also provide for the election of a successor General Partner by the 
Unitholders holding a Unit Majority (including Units held by the General Partner and its 
Affiliates).  Such removal shall be effective immediately following the admission of a successor 
General Partner pursuant to Section 10.3.  The removal of the General Partner shall also 
automatically constitute the removal of the General Partner as general partner or managing 
member, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a 
general partner or a managing member.  If a Person is elected as a successor General Partner in 
accordance with the terms of this Section 11.2, such Person shall, upon admission pursuant to 
Section 10.3, automatically become a successor general partner or managing member, to the 
extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner 
or a managing member.  The right of the holders of Outstanding Units to remove the General 
Partner shall not exist or be exercised unless the Partnership has received an Opinion of Counsel 
that such removal (following the selection of the successor General Partner) would not result in 
the loss of the limited liability of any Limited Partner or any Group Member.  Any successor 
General Partner elected in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.2 shall be subject to the 
provisions of Section 10.3. 
Section 11.3 Interest of Departing Partner and Successor General Partner. 
(a) 
In the event of (i) withdrawal of the General Partner under circumstances where 
such withdrawal does not violate this Agreement or (ii) removal of the General Partner by the 
holders of Outstanding Units under circumstances where Cause does not exist, if the successor 
General Partner is elected in accordance with the terms of Section 11.1 or 11.2, the Departing 
Partner shall have the option, exercisable prior to the effective date of the departure of such 
Departing Partner, to require its successor to purchase its General Partner Interest and its general 
partner interest (or equivalent interest), if any, in the other Group Members (collectively, the 
“Combined Interest”) in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the fair market value of such

--- Page 102 ---
46 
Combined Interest, such amount to be determined and payable as of the effective date of its 
departure.  If the General Partner is removed by the Unitholders under circumstances where 
Cause exists or if the General Partner withdraws under circumstances where such withdrawal 
violates this Agreement, and if a successor General Partner is elected in accordance with the 
terms of Section 11.1 or 11.2 (or if the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to 
Section 12.2 and the successor General Partner is not the former General Partner), such successor 
shall have the option, exercisable prior to the effective date of the departure of such Departing 
Partner (or, in the event the business of the Partnership is continued, prior to the date the 
business of the Partnership is continued), to purchase the Combined Interest for such fair market 
value of such Combined Interest of the Departing Partner.  In either event, the Departing Partner 
shall be entitled to receive all reimbursements due such Departing Partner pursuant to Section 
7.4, including any employee-related liabilities (including severance liabilities), incurred in 
connection with the termination of any employees employed by the Departing Partner for the 
benefit of the Partnership or the other Group Members. 
For purposes of this Section 11.3(a), the fair market value of the Departing Partner’s 
Combined Interest shall be determined by agreement between the Departing Partner and its 
successor or, failing agreement within 30 days after the effective date of such Departing 
Partner’s departure, by an independent investment banking firm or other independent expert 
selected by the Departing Partner and its successor, which, in turn, may rely on other experts, 
and the determination of which shall be conclusive as to such matter.  If such parties cannot 
agree upon one independent investment banking firm or other independent expert within 45 days 
after the effective date of such departure, then the Departing Partner shall designate an 
independent investment banking firm or other independent expert, the Departing Partner’s 
successor shall designate an independent investment banking firm or other independent expert, 
and such firms or experts shall mutually select a third independent investment banking firm or 
independent expert, which third independent investment banking firm or other independent 
expert shall determine the fair market value of the Combined Interest of the Departing Partner.  
In making its determination, such third independent investment banking firm or other 
independent expert may consider the then current trading price of Units on any National 
Securities Exchange on which Units are then listed, the value of the Partnership’s assets, the 
rights and obligations of the Departing Partner and other factors it may deem relevant. 
(b) 
If the Combined Interest is not purchased in the manner set forth in Section 
11.3(a), the Departing Partner (or its transferee) shall become a Limited Partner and its 
Combined Interest shall be converted into Common Units pursuant to a valuation made by an 
investment banking firm or other independent expert selected pursuant to Section 11.3(a), 
without reduction in such Partnership Interest (but subject to proportionate dilution by reason of 
the admission of its successor).  Any successor General Partner shall indemnify the Departing 
Partner (or its transferee) as to all debts and liabilities of the Partnership arising on or after the 
date on which the Departing Partner (or its transferee) becomes a Limited Partner.  For purposes 
of this Agreement, conversion of the Combined Interest of the Departing Partner to Common 
Units will be characterized as if the Departing Partner (or its transferee) contributed its 
Combined Interest to the Partnership in exchange for the newly issued Common Units. 
(c) 
If a successor General Partner is elected in accordance with the terms of Section 
11.1 or 11.2 (or if the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 12.2 and the

--- Page 103 ---
47 
successor General Partner is not the former General Partner) and the option described in Section 
11.3(a) is not exercised by the party entitled to do so, the successor General Partner shall, at the 
effective date of its admission to the Partnership, contribute to the Partnership cash in the amount 
equal to the product of (i) the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the Percentage Interest of the 
General Partner Interest of the Departing Partner by (B) a percentage equal to 100% less the 
Percentage Interest of the General Partner Interest of the Departing Partner and (ii) the Net 
Agreed Value of the Partnership’s assets on such date. In such event, such successor General 
Partner shall, subject to the following sentence, be entitled to its Percentage Interest of all 
Partnership allocations and distributions to which the Departing Partner was entitled. In addition, 
the successor General Partner shall cause this Agreement to be amended to reflect that, from and 
after the date of such successor General Partner’s admission, the successor General Partner’s 
interest in all Partnership distributions and allocations shall be equal to its Percentage Interest. 
Section 11.4 Withdrawal of Limited Partners. 
No Limited Partner shall have any right to withdraw from the Partnership; provided, 
however, that when a transferee of a Limited Partner’s Limited Partner Interest becomes a 
Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interest so transferred, such transferring Limited Partner 
shall cease to be a Limited Partner with respect to the Limited Partner Interest so transferred. 
ARTICLE XII 
 
DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION 
Section 12.1 Dissolution. 
The Partnership shall not be dissolved by the admission of additional Limited Partners or 
by the admission of a successor General Partner in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  
Upon the removal or withdrawal of the General Partner, if a successor General Partner is elected 
pursuant to Sections 11.1 or 11.2, the Partnership shall not be dissolved and such successor 
General Partner shall continue the business of the Partnership.  The Partnership shall dissolve, 
and (subject to Section 12.2) its affairs shall be wound up, upon: 
(a) 
an election to dissolve the Partnership by the General Partner that is approved by 
the holders of a Unit Majority; 
(b) 
the sale of all or substantially all of the assets and properties of the Partnership 
Group; 
(c) 
the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of the Partnership pursuant to the 
provisions of the Marshall Islands Act; or 
(d) 
an Event of Withdrawal of the General Partner as provided in Section 11.1(a) 
(other than Section 11.1(a)(ii)), unless a successor is elected and, if applicable, an Opinion of 
Counsel is received as provided in Section 11.2 and such successor is admitted to the Partnership 
pursuant to Section 10.3. 
Section 12.2 Continuation of the Business of the Partnership After Dissolution.

--- Page 104 ---
48 
Upon (a) dissolution of the Partnership following an Event of Withdrawal caused by the 
withdrawal or removal of the General Partner as provided in Sections 11.1(a)(i) or 11.1(a)(iii) 
and the failure of the Partners to select a successor to such Departing Partner pursuant to 
Sections 11.1 or 11.2, then within 90 days thereafter, or (b) dissolution of the Partnership upon 
an event constituting an Event of Withdrawal as defined in Sections 11.1(a)(iv) or 11.1(a)(vi), 
then, to the maximum extent permitted by law, within 180 days thereafter, the holders of a Unit 
Majority may elect to continue the business of the Partnership on the same terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement by appointing as a successor General Partner a Person approved by 
the holders of a Unit Majority.  Unless such an election is made within the applicable time period 
as set forth above, the Partnership shall conduct only activities necessary to wind up its affairs.  
If such an election is so made, then: 
(i) 
the Partnership shall continue without dissolution unless earlier dissolved 
in accordance with this Article XII; 
(ii) 
if the successor General Partner is not the former General Partner, then the 
interest of the former General Partner shall be treated in the manner provided in Section 
11.3; and 
(iii) 
the successor General Partner shall be admitted to the Partnership as 
General Partner, effective as of the Event of Withdrawal, by agreeing in writing to be 
bound by this Agreement; provided, that the right of the holders of a Unit Majority to 
approve a successor General Partner and to reconstitute and to continue the business of 
the Partnership shall not exist and may not be exercised unless the Partnership has 
received an Opinion of Counsel that the exercise of the right would not result in the loss 
of limited liability of any Limited Partner. 
Section 12.3 Liquidator. 
Upon dissolution of the Partnership, unless the business of the Partnership is continued 
pursuant to Section 12.2, the General Partner shall select one or more Persons to act as 
Liquidator.  The Liquidator (if other than the General Partner) shall be entitled to receive such 
compensation for its services as may be approved by holders of a Unit Majority.  The Liquidator 
(if other than the General Partner) shall agree not to resign at any time without 15 days’ prior 
notice and may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by notice of removal approved by 
holders of a Unit Majority.  Upon dissolution, removal or resignation of the Liquidator, a 
successor and substitute Liquidator (who shall have and succeed to all rights, powers and duties 
of the original Liquidator) shall within 30 days thereafter be approved by holders of a Unit 
Majority.  The right to approve a successor or substitute Liquidator in the manner provided 
herein shall be deemed to refer also to any such successor or substitute Liquidator approved in 
the manner herein provided.  Except as expressly provided in this Article XII, the Liquidator 
approved in the manner provided herein shall have and may exercise, without further 
authorization or consent of any of the parties hereto, all of the powers conferred upon the 
General Partner under the terms of this Agreement (but subject to all of the applicable 
limitations, contractual and otherwise, upon the exercise of such powers, other than the limitation 
on sale set forth in Section 7.3(b)) necessary or appropriate to carry out the duties and functions

--- Page 105 ---
49 
of the Liquidator hereunder for and during the period of time required to complete the winding 
up and liquidation of the Partnership as provided for herein. 
Section 12.4 Liquidation. 
The Liquidator shall proceed to dispose of the assets of the Partnership, discharge its 
liabilities, and otherwise wind up its affairs in such manner and over such period as determined 
by the Liquidator, subject to Section 60 of the Marshall Islands Act and the following: 
(a) 
The assets may be disposed of by public or private sale or by distribution in kind 
to one or more Partners on such terms as the Liquidator and such Partner or Partners may agree.  
If any property is distributed in kind, the Partner receiving the property shall be deemed for 
purposes of Section 12.4(c) to have received cash equal to its fair market value; and 
contemporaneously therewith, appropriate cash distributions must be made to the other Partners.  
The Liquidator may defer liquidation or distribution of the Partnership’s assets for a reasonable 
time if it determines that an immediate sale or distribution of all or some of the Partnership’s 
assets would be impractical or would cause undue loss to the Partners.  The Liquidator may 
distribute the Partnership’s assets, in whole or in part, in kind if it determines that a sale would 
be impractical or would cause undue loss to the Partners. 
(b) 
Liabilities of the Partnership include amounts owed to the Liquidator as 
compensation for serving in such capacity (subject to the terms of Section 12.3) and amounts to 
Partners otherwise than in respect of their distribution rights under Article VI and XVI, as 
applicable.  With respect to any liability that is contingent, conditional or unmatured or is 
otherwise not yet due and payable, the Liquidator shall either settle such claim for such amount 
as it thinks appropriate or establish a reserve of cash or other assets to provide for its payment.  
When paid, any unused portion of the reserve shall be distributed as additional liquidation 
proceeds. 
(c) 
All property and all cash in excess of that required to discharge liabilities as 
provided in Section 12.4(b) shall be distributed to the Partners as follows: 
(i) 
First, to the Preferred Unit Holders in accordance with their respective 
Preferred Unit Liquidation Preference until there has been distributed in respect of each 
Preferred Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the respective Preferred Liquidation 
Preference; and 
(ii) 
Thereafter, any remaining amount (A) to the General Partner in 
accordance with its Percentage Interest and (B) to all Unitholders holding Common 
Units, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner’s Percentage 
Interest. 
Section 12.5 Cancellation of Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
Upon the completion of the distribution of Partnership cash and property as provided in 
Section 12.4 in connection with the liquidation of the Partnership, the Certificate of Limited 
Partnership and all qualifications of the Partnership as a foreign limited partnership in

--- Page 106 ---
50 
jurisdictions other than the Marshall Islands shall be canceled and such other actions as may be 
necessary to terminate the Partnership shall be taken. 
Section 12.6 Return of Contributions. 
The General Partner shall not be personally liable for, and shall have no obligation to 
contribute or loan any monies or property to the Partnership to enable it to effectuate, the return 
of the Capital Contributions of the Limited Partners or Unitholders, or any portion thereof, it 
being expressly understood that any such return shall be made solely from Partnership assets. 
Section 12.7 Waiver of Partition. 
To the maximum extent permitted by law, each Partner hereby waives any right to 
partition of the Partnership property. 
ARTICLE XIII 
 
AMENDMENT OF PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT; MEETINGS; RECORD DATE 
Section 13.1 Amendments to be Adopted Solely by the General Partner. 
Each Partner agrees that the General Partner, without the approval of any Partner, may 
amend any provision of this Agreement and execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and 
record whatever documents may be required in connection therewith, to reflect: 
(a) 
a change in the name of the Partnership, the location of the principal place of 
business of the Partnership, the registered agent of the Partnership or the registered office of the 
Partnership; 
(b) 
admission, substitution, withdrawal or removal of Partners in accordance with this 
Agreement; 
(c) 
a change that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate to 
qualify or continue the qualification of the Partnership as a limited partnership or a partnership in 
which the Limited Partners have limited liability under the laws of the Marshall Islands or to 
ensure that the Group Members will not be taxed as entities for Marshall Islands income tax 
purposes; 
(d) 
subject to Section 16.5, to the extent applicable, a change that the General Partner 
determines, (i) does not adversely affect the Limited Partners (including any particular class or 
series of Partnership Interests as compared to other classes or series of Partnership Interests) in 
any material respect, (ii) to be necessary or appropriate to (A) satisfy any requirements, 
conditions or guidelines contained in any opinion, directive, order, ruling or regulation of any 
Marshall Islands authority (including the Marshall Islands Act) or (B) facilitate the trading of the 
Units (including the division of any class, classes or series of Outstanding Units into different 
classes to facilitate uniformity of tax consequences within such classes or series of Units) or 
comply with any rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange 
on which the Units are or will be listed, (iii) to be necessary or appropriate in connection with

--- Page 107 ---
51 
action taken by the General Partner pursuant to Section 5.9 or (iv) is required to effect the intent 
expressed in the Registration Statement or the intent of the provisions of this Agreement or is 
otherwise contemplated by this Agreement; 
(e) 
a change in the fiscal year or taxable year of the Partnership and any other 
changes that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate as a result of a change 
in the fiscal year or taxable year of the Partnership including, if the General Partner shall so 
determine, a change in the definition of “Quarter” and the dates on which distributions (other 
than Preferred Unit Distributions) are to be made by the Partnership; 
(f) 
an amendment that is necessary, in the Opinion of Counsel, to prevent the 
Partnership, or the General Partner or its directors, officers, trustees or agents from in any 
manner being subjected to the provisions of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended, the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or “plan asset” regulations 
adopted under the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, 
regardless of whether such are substantially similar to plan asset regulations currently applied or 
proposed by the United States Department of Labor; 
(g) 
subject to Section 16.5, an amendment that the General Partner determines to be 
necessary or appropriate in connection with the authorization of issuance of any class or series of 
Partnership Securities pursuant to Section 5.6; 
(h) 
any amendment expressly permitted in this Agreement to be made by the General 
Partner acting alone; 
(i) 
an amendment that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate 
to reflect and account for the formation by the Partnership of, or investment by the Partnership 
in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, in 
connection with the conduct by the Partnership of activities permitted by the terms of Section 
2.4; or 
(j) 
any other amendments substantially similar to the foregoing.   
Section 13.2 Amendment Procedures. 
Except as provided in Sections 13.1 and 13.3, all amendments to this Agreement shall be 
made in accordance with the following requirements.  Amendments to this Agreement may be 
proposed only by the General Partner; provided, however, that the General Partner shall have no 
duty or obligation to propose any amendment to this Agreement and may decline to do so free of 
any fiduciary duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership, any Limited Partner and, in 
declining to propose an amendment, shall not be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any 
other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement 
contemplated hereby or under the Marshall Islands Act or any other law, rule or regulation.  
Subject to Section 16.5, to the extent applicable, a proposed amendment shall be effective upon 
its approval by the General Partner and the holders of a Unit Majority, unless a greater or 
different percentage is required under this Agreement or by the Marshall Islands Act.  Each 
proposed amendment that requires the approval of the holders of a specified percentage of 
Outstanding Units shall be set forth in a writing that contains the text of the proposed

--- Page 108 ---
52 
amendment.  If such an amendment is proposed, the General Partner shall seek the written 
approval of the requisite percentage of Outstanding Units or call a meeting of the Unitholders to 
consider and vote on such proposed amendment.  The General Partner shall notify all Record 
Holders upon final adoption of any such proposed amendments. 
Section 13.3 Amendment Requirements. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 13.1 and 13.2, no provision of this 
Agreement that establishes a percentage of Outstanding Units (including Units deemed owned by 
the General Partner) required to take any action shall be amended, altered, changed, repealed or 
rescinded in any respect that would have the effect of reducing such voting percentage unless 
such amendment is approved by the written consent or the affirmative vote of holders of 
Outstanding Units whose aggregate Outstanding Units constitute not less than the voting 
requirement sought to be reduced. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 13.1 and 13.2, no amendment to this 
Agreement may (i) enlarge the obligations of any Limited Partner without its consent, unless 
such shall be deemed to have occurred as a result of an amendment approved pursuant to Section 
13.3(c), (ii) enlarge the obligations of, restrict in any way any action by or rights of, or reduce in 
any way the amounts distributable, reimbursable or otherwise payable to, the General Partner or 
any of its Affiliates without its consent, which consent may be given or withheld at its option, 
(iii) change Section 12.1(a), or (iv) change the term of the Partnership or, except as set forth in 
Section 12.1(a), give any Person the right to dissolve the Partnership. 
(c) 
Except as provided in Section 14.3 and subject to Section 16.5(c)(i) with respect 
to the applicable series of Preferred Units described therein, and without limitation of the 
General Partner’s authority to adopt amendments to this Agreement without the approval of any 
Partners as contemplated in Section 13.1, any amendment that would have a material adverse 
effect on the rights or preferences of any class or series of Partnership Interests in relation to 
other classes or series of Partnership Interests must be approved by the holders of not less than a 
majority of the Outstanding Partnership Interests of the class or series affected. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, except for amendments 
pursuant to Section 13.1 and except as otherwise provided in Section 14.3(b), no amendments 
shall become effective without the approval of the holders of at least 90% of the Outstanding 
Units voting as a single class unless the Partnership obtains an Opinion of Counsel to the effect 
that such amendment will not affect the limited liability of any Limited Partner under applicable 
law. 
(e) 
Except as provided in Section 13.1, this Section 13.3 shall only be amended with 
the approval of the holders of at least 90% of the Outstanding Units. 
Section 13.4 Special Meetings. 
All acts of Limited Partners to be taken pursuant to this Agreement shall be taken in the 
manner provided in this Article XIII.  Special meetings of the Limited Partners may be called by 
the General Partner or by Limited Partners owning 20% or more of the Outstanding Units of the 
class, classes or series for which a meeting is proposed.  Limited Partners shall call a special

--- Page 109 ---
53 
meeting by delivering to the General Partner one or more requests in writing stating that the 
signing Limited Partners wish to call a special meeting and indicating the general or specific 
purposes for which the special meeting is to be called.  Within 60 days after receipt of such a call 
from Limited Partners or within such greater time as may be reasonably necessary for the 
Partnership to comply with any statutes, rules, regulations, listing agreements or similar 
requirements governing the holding of a meeting or the solicitation of proxies for use at such a 
meeting, the General Partner shall send a notice of the meeting to the Limited Partners either 
directly or indirectly through the Transfer Agent.  A meeting shall be held at a time and place 
determined by the General Partner on a date not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days after the 
mailing of notice of the meeting.  Limited Partners shall not vote on matters that would cause the 
Limited Partners to be deemed to be taking part in the management and control of the business 
and affairs of the Partnership so as to jeopardize the Limited Partners’ limited liability under the 
Marshall Islands Act or the law of any other jurisdiction in which the Partnership is qualified to 
do business. 
Section 13.5 Notice of a Meeting. 
Notice of a meeting called pursuant to Section 13.4 shall be given to the Record Holders 
of the class, classes or series of Units for which a meeting is proposed in writing by mail or other 
means of written communication in accordance with Section 17.1.  The notice shall be deemed to 
have been given at the time when deposited in the mail or sent by other means of written 
communication. 
Section 13.6 Record Date. 
For purposes of determining the Limited Partners entitled to notice of or to vote at a 
meeting of the Limited Partners or to give approvals without a meeting as provided in Section 
13.11 the General Partner may set a Record Date, which shall not be less than 10 nor more than 
60 days before (a) the date of the meeting (unless such requirement conflicts with any rule, 
regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are 
listed for trading, in which case the rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of such exchange 
shall govern) or (b) in the event that approvals are sought without a meeting, the date by which 
Limited Partners are requested in writing by the General Partner to give such approvals. 
Section 13.7 Adjournment. 
When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the 
adjourned meeting and a new Record Date need not be fixed, if the time and place thereof are 
announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, unless such adjournment shall be 
for more than 45 days.  At the adjourned meeting, the Partnership may transact any business 
which might have been transacted at the original meeting.  If the adjournment is for more than 45 
days or if a new Record Date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned 
meeting shall be given in accordance with this Article XIII. 
Section 13.8 Waiver of Notice; Approval of Meeting; Approval of Minutes. 
The transactions of any meeting of Limited Partners, however called and noticed, and 
whenever held, shall be as valid as if it had occurred at a meeting duly held after regular call and

--- Page 110 ---
54 
notice, if a quorum is present either in person or by proxy, and if, either before or after the 
meeting, Limited Partners representing such quorum who were present in person or by proxy and 
entitled to vote, sign a written waiver of notice or an approval of the holding of the meeting or an 
approval of the minutes thereof.  All waivers and approvals shall be filed with the Partnership 
records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting.  Attendance of a Limited Partner at a 
meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of the meeting, except when the Limited Partner 
attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the 
transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened; and except 
that attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right to disapprove the consideration of 
matters required to be included in the notice of the meeting, but not so included, if the 
disapproval is expressly made at the meeting. 
Section 13.9 Quorum and Voting. 
The holders of a majority of the Units of the class, classes or series for which a meeting 
has been called (including Outstanding Units deemed owned by the General Partner) represented 
in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of Limited Partners of such class, 
classes or series unless any such action by the Limited Partners requires approval by holders of a 
greater percentage of such Units, in which case the quorum shall be such greater percentage.  At 
any meeting of the Limited Partners duly called and held in accordance with this Agreement at 
which a quorum is present, the act of Limited Partners holding Outstanding Units that in the 
aggregate represent a majority of the Outstanding Units entitled to vote and be present in person 
or by proxy at such meeting shall be deemed to constitute the act of all Limited Partners, unless a 
greater or different percentage is required with respect to such action under the provisions of this 
Agreement, in which case the act of the Limited Partners holding Outstanding Units that in the 
aggregate represent at least such greater or different percentage shall be required.  The Limited 
Partners present at a duly called or held meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to 
transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough Limited Partners 
to leave less than a quorum, if any action taken (other than adjournment) is approved by the 
required percentage of Outstanding Units specified in this Agreement (including Outstanding 
Units deemed owned by the General Partner).  In the absence of a quorum any meeting of 
Limited Partners may be adjourned from time to time by the affirmative vote of holders of a 
majority of the Outstanding Units entitled to vote at such meeting (including Outstanding Units 
deemed owned by the General Partner) represented either in person or by proxy, but no other 
business may be transacted, except as provided in Section 13.7. 
Section 13.10 Conduct of a Meeting. 
The General Partner shall have full power and authority concerning the manner of 
conducting any meeting of the Limited Partners or solicitation of approvals in writing, including 
the determination of Persons entitled to vote, the existence of a quorum, the satisfaction of the 
requirements of Section 13.4, the conduct of voting, the validity and effect of any proxies and the 
determination of any controversies, votes or challenges arising in connection with or during the 
meeting or voting.  The General Partner shall designate a Person to serve as chairman of any 
meeting and shall further designate a Person to take the minutes of any meeting.  All minutes 
shall be kept with the records of the Partnership maintained by the General Partner.  The General 
Partner may make such other regulations consistent with applicable law and this Agreement as it

--- Page 111 ---
55 
may deem advisable concerning the conduct of any meeting of the Limited Partners or 
solicitation of approvals in writing, including regulations in regard to the appointment of proxies, 
the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes and approvals, the submission and examination 
of proxies and other evidence of the right to vote, and the revocation of approvals in writing. 
Section 13.11 Action Without a Meeting. 
If authorized by the General Partner, any action that may be taken at a meeting of the 
Limited Partners may be taken without a meeting if an approval in writing setting forth the action 
so taken is signed by Limited Partners owning not less than the minimum percentage of the 
Outstanding Units (including Units deemed owned by the General Partner) that would be 
necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all the Limited Partners were 
present and voted (unless such provision conflicts with any rule, regulation, guideline or 
requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are listed, in which case the 
rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of such exchange shall govern).  Prompt notice of the 
taking of action without a meeting shall be given to the Limited Partners who have not approved 
in writing.  The General Partner may specify that any written ballot submitted to Limited 
Partners for the purpose of taking any action without a meeting shall be returned to the 
Partnership within the time period, which shall be not less than 20 days, specified by the General 
Partner.  If a ballot returned to the Partnership does not vote all of the Units held by the Limited 
Partners, the Partnership shall be deemed to have failed to receive a ballot for the Units that were 
not voted.  If approval of the taking of any action by the Limited Partners is solicited by any 
Person other than by or on behalf of the General Partner, the written approvals shall have no 
force and effect unless and until (a) they are deposited with the Partnership in care of the General 
Partner, (b) approvals sufficient to take the action proposed are dated as of a date not more than 
90 days prior to the date sufficient approvals are deposited with the Partnership and (c) an 
Opinion of Counsel is delivered to the General Partner to the effect that the exercise of such right 
and the action proposed to be taken with respect to any particular matter (i) will not cause the 
Limited Partners to be deemed to be taking part in the management and control of the business 
and affairs of the Partnership so as to jeopardize the Limited Partners’ limited liability, and (ii) is 
otherwise permissible under the applicable statutes then governing the rights, duties and 
liabilities of the Partnership and the Partners. 
Section 13.12 Right to Vote and Related Matters. 
(a) 
Only those Record Holders of the Units on the Record Date set pursuant to 
Section 13.6 (and also subject to the limitations contained in the definition of “Outstanding”) 
shall be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, a meeting of Limited Partners or to act with respect 
to matters as to which the holders of the Outstanding Units have the right to vote or to act.  All 
references in this Agreement to votes of, or other acts that may be taken by, the Outstanding 
Units shall be deemed to be references to the votes or acts of the Record Holders of such 
Outstanding Units. 
(b) 
With respect to Units that are held for a Person’s account by another Person (such 
as a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation, or an agent of any of the 
foregoing), in whose name such Units are registered, such other Person shall, in exercising the 
voting rights in respect of such Units on any matter, and unless the arrangement between such

--- Page 112 ---
56 
Persons provides otherwise, vote such Units in favor of, and at the direction of, the Person who is 
the beneficial owner, and the Partnership shall be entitled to assume it is so acting without 
further inquiry.  The provisions of this Section 13.12(b) (as well as all other provisions of this 
Agreement) are subject to the provisions of Section 4.3. 
ARTICLE XIV 
 
MERGER 
Section 14.1 Authority. 
The Partnership may merge or consolidate with or into one or more corporations, limited 
liability companies, statutory trusts or associations, real estate investment trusts, common law 
trusts or unincorporated businesses, including a partnership (whether general or limited 
(including a limited liability partnership)), formed under the laws of the Marshall Islands, 
pursuant to a written agreement of merger or consolidation (“Merger Agreement”) in accordance 
with this Article XIV. 
Section 14.2 Procedure for Merger or Consolidation. 
Merger or consolidation of the Partnership pursuant to this Article XIV requires the prior 
consent of the General Partner, provided, however, that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
the General Partner shall have no duty or obligation to consent to any merger or consolidation of 
the Partnership and may decline to do so free of any fiduciary duty or obligation whatsoever to 
the Partnership or any Limited Partner and, in declining to consent to a merger or consolidation, 
shall not be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this 
Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under 
the Marshall Islands Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity.  If the General Partner 
shall determine to consent to the merger or consolidation, the General Partner shall approve the 
Merger Agreement, which shall set forth: 
(a) 
the names and jurisdictions of formation or organization of each of the business 
entities proposing to merge or consolidate; 
(b) 
the name and jurisdiction of formation or organization of the business entity that 
is to survive the proposed merger or consolidation (the “Surviving Business Entity”); 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the proposed merger or consolidation; 
(d) 
the manner and basis of exchanging or converting the equity securities of each 
constituent business entity for, or into, cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations 
of the Surviving Business Entity; and (i) if any general or limited partner interests, securities or 
rights of any constituent business entity are not to be exchanged or converted solely for, or into, 
cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of the Surviving Business Entity, the 
cash, property or general or limited partner interests, rights, securities or obligations of any 
general or limited partnership, corporation, trust, limited liability company, unincorporated 
business or other entity (other than the Surviving Business Entity) which the holders of such 
interests, securities or rights are to receive in exchange for, or upon conversion of their interests,

--- Page 113 ---
57 
securities or rights, and (ii) in the case of securities represented by certificates, upon the 
surrender of such certificates, which cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations 
of the Surviving Business Entity or any general or limited partnership, corporation, trust, limited 
liability company, unincorporated business or other entity (other than the Surviving Business 
Entity), or evidences thereof, are to be delivered; 
(e) 
a statement of any changes in the constituent documents or the adoption of new 
constituent documents (the articles or certificate of incorporation, articles of trust, declaration of 
trust, certificate or agreement of limited partnership or other similar charter or governing 
document) of the Surviving Business Entity to be effected by such merger or consolidation; 
(f) 
the effective time of the merger, which may be the date of the filing of the 
certificate of merger pursuant to Section 14.4 or a later date specified in or determinable in 
accordance with the Merger Agreement (provided, that if the effective time of the merger is to be 
later than the date of the filing of such certificate of merger, the effective time shall be fixed at a 
date or time certain at or prior to the time of the filing of such certificate of merger and stated 
therein); and 
(g) 
such other provisions with respect to the proposed merger or consolidation that 
the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate. 
Section 14.3 Approval by Limited Partners of Merger or Consolidation. 
(a) 
Except as provided in Sections 14.3(d) and 14.3(e), the General Partner, upon its 
approval of the Merger Agreement, shall direct that the Merger Agreement be submitted to a 
vote of Limited Partners, whether at a special meeting or by written consent, in either case in 
accordance with the requirements of Article XIII.  A copy or a summary of the Merger 
Agreement shall be included in or enclosed with the notice of a special meeting or the written 
consent. 
(b) 
Except as provided in Sections 14.3(d) and 14.3(e), the Merger Agreement shall 
be approved upon receiving the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of a Unit Majority. 
(c) 
Except as provided in Sections 14.3(d) and 14.3(e), after such approval by vote or 
consent of the Limited Partners, and at any time prior to the filing of the certificate of merger 
pursuant to Section 14.4, the merger or consolidation may be abandoned pursuant to provisions 
therefor, if any, set forth in the Merger Agreement. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything else contained in this Article XIV or in this Agreement, 
the General Partner is permitted, without Limited Partner approval, to convert the Partnership or 
any Group Member into a new limited liability entity, to merge the Partnership or any Group 
Member into, or convey all of the Partnership’s assets to, another limited liability entity which 
shall be newly formed and shall have no assets, liabilities or operations at the time of such 
conversion, merger or conveyance other than those it receives from the Partnership or other 
Group Member if (i) the General Partner has received an Opinion of Counsel that the conversion, 
merger or conveyance, as the case may be, would not result in the loss of the limited liability of 
any Limited Partner, (ii) the primary purpose of such conversion, merger or conveyance is to 
effect a change in the legal form of the Partnership into another limited liability entity and (iii)

--- Page 114 ---
58 
the governing instruments of the new entity provide the Limited Partners with substantially the 
same or greater rights and no greater obligations as are herein contained. 
(e) 
Additionally, notwithstanding anything else contained in this Article XIV or in 
this Agreement, the General Partner is permitted, without Limited Partner approval, to merge or 
consolidate the Partnership with or into another entity if (i) the General Partner has received an 
Opinion of Counsel that the merger or consolidation, as the case may be, would not result in the 
loss of the limited liability of any Limited Partner, (ii) the merger or consolidation would not 
result in an amendment to the Partnership Agreement, other than any amendments that could be 
adopted pursuant to Section 13.1, (iii) the Partnership is the Surviving Business Entity in such 
merger or consolidation, (iv) each Unit outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the 
merger or consolidation is to be an identical Unit of the Partnership after the effective date of the 
merger or consolidation, and (v) the number of Partnership Securities to be issued by the 
Partnership in such merger or consolidation does not exceed 20% of the Partnership Securities 
Outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of such merger or consolidation. 
Section 14.4 Certificate of Merger. 
Upon the required approval by the General Partner and the Unitholders of a Merger 
Agreement, a certificate of merger shall be executed and filed in conformity with the 
requirements of the Marshall Islands Act. 
Section 14.5 Amendment of Partnership Agreement. 
Pursuant to Section 20(2) of the Marshall Islands Act, an agreement of merger or 
consolidation approved in accordance with Section 20(2) of the Marshall Islands Act may (a) 
effect any amendment to this Agreement or (b) effect the adoption of a new partnership 
agreement for a limited partnership if it is the Surviving Business Entity.  Any such amendment 
or adoption made pursuant to this Section 14.5 shall be effective at the effective time or date of 
the merger or consolidation. 
Section 14.6 Effect of Merger. 
(a) 
At the effective time of the certificate of merger: 
(i) 
all of the rights, privileges and powers of each of the business entities that 
has merged or consolidated, and all property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due 
to any of those business entities and all other things and causes of action belonging to 
each of those business entities, shall be vested in the Surviving Business Entity and after 
the merger or consolidation shall be the property of the Surviving Business Entity to the 
extent they were of each constituent business entity; 
(ii) 
the title to any real property vested by deed or otherwise in any of those 
constituent business entities shall not revert and is not in any way impaired because of the 
merger or consolidation; 
(iii) 
all rights of creditors and all liens on or security interests in property of 
any of those constituent business entities shall be preserved unimpaired; and

--- Page 115 ---
59 
(iv) 
all debts, liabilities and duties of those constituent business entities shall 
attach to the Surviving Business Entity and may be enforced against it to the same extent 
as if the debts, liabilities and duties had been incurred or contracted by it. 
(b) A merger or consolidation effected pursuant to this Article shall not be deemed to 
result in a transfer or assignment of assets or liabilities from one entity to another. 
ARTICLE XV 
 
RIGHT TO ACQUIRE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
Section 15.1 Right to Acquire Limited Partner Interests. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if at any time the General 
Partner and its Affiliates hold more than 80% of the total Limited Partner Interests of any class 
or series then Outstanding, the General Partner shall then have the right, which right it may 
assign and transfer in whole or in part to the Partnership or any Affiliate of the General Partner, 
exercisable at its option, to purchase all, but not less than all, of such Limited Partner Interests of 
such class or series then Outstanding held by Persons other than the General Partner and its 
Affiliates, at the greater of (x) the Current Market Price as of the date three days prior to the date 
that the notice described in Section 15.1(b) is mailed and (y) the highest price paid by the 
General Partner or any of its Affiliates for any such Limited Partner Interest of such class or 
series purchased during the 90-day period preceding the date that the notice described in Section 
15.1(b) is mailed.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the repurchase right described in this Article 
XV shall not apply to Preferred Units.  As used in this Agreement, (i) “Current Market Price” as 
of any date of any class or series of Limited Partner Interests means the average of the daily 
Closing Prices (as hereinafter defined) per Limited Partner Interest of such class or series for the 
20 consecutive Trading Days (as hereinafter defined) immediately prior to such date; (ii) 
“Closing Price” for any day means the last sale price on such day, regular way, or in case no 
such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on such day, 
regular way, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to 
securities listed on the principal National Securities Exchange (other than the Nasdaq Stock 
Market) on which such Limited Partner Interests are listed or, if such Limited Partner Interests of 
such class or series are not listed on any National Securities Exchange (other than the Nasdaq 
Stock Market), the last quoted price on such day or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid 
and low asked prices on such day in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the Nasdaq 
Stock Market or such other system then in use, or, if on any such day such Limited Partner 
Interests of such class or series are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the 
closing bid and asked prices on such day as furnished by a professional market maker making a 
market in such Limited Partner Interests of such class or series selected by the General Partner, 
or if on any such day no market maker is making a market in such Limited Partner Interests of 
such class or series, the fair value of such Limited Partner Interests on such day as determined by 
the General Partner; and (iii) “Trading Day” means a day on which the principal National 
Securities Exchange on which such Limited Partner Interests of any class or series are listed is 
open for the transaction of business or, if Limited Partner Interests of a class or series are not 
listed on any National Securities Exchange, a day on which banking institutions in New York 
City generally are open.

--- Page 116 ---
60 
(b) 
If the General Partner, any Affiliate of the General Partner or the Partnership 
elects to exercise the right to purchase Limited Partner Interests granted pursuant to Section 
15.1(a), the General Partner shall deliver to the Transfer Agent notice of such election to 
purchase (the “Notice of Election to Purchase”) and shall cause the Transfer Agent to mail a 
copy of such Notice of Election to Purchase to the Record Holders of Limited Partner Interests of 
such class or series (as of a Record Date selected by the General Partner) at least 10, but not 
more than 60, days prior to the Purchase Date.  Such Notice of Election to Purchase shall also be 
published for a period of at least three consecutive days in at least two daily newspapers of 
general circulation printed in the English language and published in the Borough of Manhattan, 
New York.  The Notice of Election to Purchase shall specify the Purchase Date and the price 
(determined in accordance with Section 15.1(a)) at which Limited Partner Interests will be 
purchased and state that the General Partner, its Affiliate or the Partnership, as the case may be, 
elects to purchase such Limited Partner Interests, upon surrender of Certificates representing 
such Limited Partner Interests in exchange for payment, at such office or offices of the Transfer 
Agent as the Transfer Agent may specify, or as may be required by any National Securities 
Exchange on which such Limited Partner Interests are listed.  Any such Notice of Election to 
Purchase mailed to a Record Holder of Limited Partner Interests at his address as reflected in the 
records of the Transfer Agent shall be conclusively presumed to have been given regardless of 
whether the owner receives such notice.  On or prior to the Purchase Date, the General Partner, 
its Affiliate or the Partnership, as the case may be, shall deposit with the Transfer Agent cash in 
an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate purchase price of all of such Limited Partner Interests 
to be purchased in accordance with this Section 15.1.  If the Notice of Election to Purchase shall 
have been duly given as aforesaid at least 10 days prior to the Purchase Date, and if on or prior to 
the Purchase Date the deposit described in the preceding sentence has been made for the benefit 
of the holders of Limited Partner Interests subject to purchase as provided herein, then from and 
after the Purchase Date, notwithstanding that any Certificate shall not have been surrendered for 
purchase, all rights of the holders of such Limited Partner Interests (including any rights pursuant 
to Articles IV, V, VI, and XII) shall thereupon cease, except the right to receive the purchase 
price (determined in accordance with Section 15.1(a)) for Limited Partner Interests therefor, 
without interest, upon surrender to the Transfer Agent of the Certificates representing such 
Limited Partner Interests, and such Limited Partner Interests shall thereupon be deemed to be 
transferred to the General Partner, its Affiliate or the Partnership, as the case may be, on the 
record books of the Transfer Agent and the Partnership, and the General Partner or any Affiliate 
of the General Partner, or the Partnership, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the owner of 
all such Limited Partner Interests from and after the Purchase Date and shall have all rights as 
the owner of such Limited Partner Interests (including all rights as owner of such Limited 
Partner Interests pursuant to Articles IV, V, VI, and XII). 
(c) 
At any time from and after the Purchase Date, a holder of an Outstanding Limited 
Partner Interest subject to purchase as provided in this Section 15.1 may surrender his Certificate 
evidencing such Limited Partner Interest to the Transfer Agent in exchange for payment of the 
amount described in Section 15.1(a), without interest thereon. 
ARTICLE XVI 
 
PREFERRED UNITS

--- Page 117 ---
61 
Section 16.1 Designation. 
(a) 
On October 5, 2016, the General Partner designated and created a series of 
Preferred Units designated as “9.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred 
Units,” and fixed the preferences, rights, powers and duties of the holders of the Series A 
Preferred Units as set forth in this Article XVI.  Each Series A Preferred Unit shall be identical 
in all respects to every other Series A Preferred Unit, except as to the respective dates from 
which the Series A Liquidation Preference shall increase or from which Series A Distributions 
may begin accruing, to the extent such dates may differ.  The Series A Preferred Units represent 
perpetual equity interests in the Partnership and shall not give rise to a claim by the holder for 
redemption thereof at a particular date. 
(b) 
The General Partner hereby designates and creates a series of Preferred Units to 
be designated as “8.50% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual 
Preferred Units,” and fixes the preferences, rights, powers and duties of the holders of the Series 
B Preferred Units as set forth in this Article XVI.  Each Series B Preferred Unit shall be identical 
in all respects to every other Series B Preferred Unit, except as to the respective dates from 
which the Series B Liquidation Preference shall increase or from which Series B Distributions 
may begin accruing, to the extent such dates may differ.  The Series B Preferred Units represent 
perpetual equity interests in the Partnership and shall not give rise to a claim by the holder for 
redemption thereof at a particular date. 
Section 16.2 Units. 
(a) 
The authorized number of Series A Preferred Units and of Series B Preferred 
Units shall each be unlimited.  Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units that are 
purchased or otherwise acquired by the Partnership shall be cancelled. 
(b) 
The Series A Preferred Units and the Series B Preferred Units shall, as to each 
such series of Preferred Units, be represented by a single Certificate registered in the name of the 
Depository or its nominee, and no Series A Holder or Series B Holder shall be entitled to receive 
a Certificate evidencing such Units, unless otherwise required by law or the Depository gives 
notice of its intention to resign or is no longer eligible to act as such with respect to such series of 
Preferred Units and the Partnership shall have not selected a substitute Depository within 60 
calendar days thereafter.  So long as the Depository shall have been appointed and is serving 
with respect to such series of Preferred Units, payments and communications made by the 
Partnership to Series A Holders or Series B Holders shall be made by making payments to, and 
communicating with, the Depository. 
Section 16.3 Distributions. 
(a) 
Distributions on each Series A Preferred Unit shall accumulate at the Series A 
Distribution Rate in each Series A Distribution Period from and including the first day of the 
Series A Distribution Period (or for any Series A Preferred Units issued after the Series A 
Original Issue Date, from and including the first day of the Series A Distribution Period 
immediately preceding the issuance date of such additional Series A Preferred Units) to and 
including the earlier of (a) the last day of such Series A Distribution Period and (b) the date the

--- Page 118 ---
62 
Partnership redeems the applicable Series A Preferred Units in full in accordance with Section 
16.6 below, whether or not such Series A Distributions shall have been declared.  Distributions 
on each Series B Preferred Unit shall accumulate at the applicable Series B Distribution Rate in 
each Series B Distribution Period from and including the first day of the Series B Distribution 
Period (or for any Series B Preferred Units issued after the Series B Original Issue Date, from 
and including the first day of the Series B Distribution Period immediately preceding the 
issuance date of such additional Series B Preferred Units) to and including the earlier of (x) the 
last day of such Series B Distribution Period and (y) the date the Partnership redeems the 
applicable Series B Preferred Units in full in accordance with Section 16.6 below, whether or 
not such Series B Distributions shall have been declared.  Series A Holders and Series B 
Holders shall be entitled to receive Series A Distributions or Series B Distributions, as 
applicable, from time to time out of any assets of the Partnership legally available for the 
payment of distributions at the Series A Distribution Rate per Series A Preferred Unit or at the 
applicable Series B Distribution Rate per Series B Preferred Unit, as applicable, in each case 
when, as, and if declared by the General Partner.  Distributions, to the extent declared by the 
General Partner to be paid by the Partnership in accordance with this Section 16.3, shall be paid 
for each Series A Distribution Period on each Series A Distribution Payment Date or for each 
Series B Distribution Period on each Series B Distribution Payment Date.  Series A 
Distributions shall be payable based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.  
Series B Distributions for any Series B Distribution Period during the Series B Fixed Rate 
Period shall be payable based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months and Series 
B Distributions for any Series B Distribution Period during the Series B Floating Rate Period 
shall be payable based on a 360-day year and the number of days actually elapsed during such 
Series B Distribution Period.  All Series A Distributions and Series B Distributions payable by 
the Partnership pursuant to this Section 16.3 shall be payable without regard to income of the 
Partnership.  The guaranteed payment with respect to any Series A Distribution Period shall be 
for the account of the Series A Holders as of the close of the last Business Day of such Series A 
Distribution Period. 
(b) 
Not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on each Series A Distribution 
Payment Date and Series B Distribution Payment Date, the Partnership shall pay those Series A 
Distributions or Series B Distributions, if any, that shall have been declared by the General 
Partner to Series A Holders or Series B Holders, as applicable, on the Record Date for the 
applicable Series A Preferred Distribution or Series B Preferred Distribution.  The Record Date 
(the “Series A Distribution Record Date”) for any Series A Distribution payment shall be as of 
the close of the National Securities Exchange on which the Series A Preferred Units are listed or 
admitted to trading on the last Business Day of each Series A Distribution Period immediately 
preceding the applicable Series A Distribution Payment Date, except that in the case of payments 
of Series A Distributions in arrears, the Series A Distribution Record Date with respect to a 
Series A Distribution Payment Date shall be such date as may be designated by the General 
Partner in accordance with this Article XVI.  The Record Date (the “Series B Distribution 
Record Date”) for any Series B Distribution payment shall be as of the close of the National 
Securities Exchange on which the Series B Preferred Units are listed or admitted to trading on 
the last Business Day of each Series B Distribution Period immediately preceding the applicable 
Series B Distribution Payment Date, except that in the case of payments of Series B Distributions 
in arrears, the Series B Distribution Record Date with respect to a Series B Distribution Payment 
Date shall be such date as may be designated by the General Partner in accordance with this

--- Page 119 ---
63 
Article XVI.  No distribution shall be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any Junior 
Securities (other than a distribution payable solely in Junior Securities) unless full cumulative 
Series A Distributions and Series B Distributions have been or contemporaneously are being 
paid or provided for on all Outstanding Series A Preferred Units, Series B Preferred Units and 
any other Parity Securities through the most recent respective Series A Distribution Payment 
Dates and Series B Distribution Payment Dates.  Accumulated Series A Distributions or 
accumulated Series B Distributions in arrears for any past Series A Distribution Period or Series 
B Distribution Period, as applicable, may be declared by the General Partner and paid on any 
date fixed by the General Partner, whether or not a Series A Distribution Payment Date or a 
Series B Distribution Payment Date, to Series A Holders or Series B Holders, as applicable, on 
the record date for such payment, which may not be more than 60 days, nor less than 15 days, 
before such payment date.  Subject to the next succeeding sentence, if all accumulated Series A 
Distributions and Series B Distributions in arrears on all Outstanding Series A Preferred Units, 
Series B Preferred Units and any other Parity Securities shall not have been declared and paid, or 
if sufficient funds for the payment thereof shall not have been set apart, payment of accumulated 
distributions in arrears on the Series A Preferred Units, Series B Preferred Units and any such 
Parity Securities shall be made in order of their respective distribution payment dates, 
commencing with the earliest.  If less than all distributions payable with respect to all Series A 
Preferred Units, Series B Preferred Units and any other Parity Securities are paid, any partial 
payment shall be made pro rata with respect to the Series A Preferred Units, Series B Preferred 
Units and any such other Parity Securities entitled to a distribution payment at such time in 
proportion to the aggregate distribution amounts remaining due in respect of such Series A 
Preferred Units, Series B Preferred Units and such other Parity Securities at such time.  Subject 
to Sections 12.4 and 16.6, neither Series A Holders nor Series B Holders shall be entitled to any 
distribution, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of full cumulative Series A 
Distributions or Series B Distributions, as applicable.  No interest or sum of money in lieu of 
interest shall be payable in respect of any distribution payment which may be in arrears on the 
Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units.  So long as the Series A Preferred Units or 
Series B Preferred Units, as applicable, are held of record by the nominee of the Depository, 
declared Series A Distributions or Series B Distributions shall be paid to the Depository in same-
day funds on each Series A Distribution Payment Date or Series B Distribution Payment Date, as 
applicable. 
Section 16.4 [Reserved].  
Section 16.5 Voting Rights. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither the Series A 
Preferred Units nor the Series B Preferred Units shall have any voting rights except as set forth 
in Section 13.3(d), this Section 16.5 or as otherwise provided by the Marshall Islands Act. 
(b) 
In the event that six quarterly Series A Distributions, whether consecutive or not, 
are in arrears, the Series A Holders shall have the right, voting as a class together with holders 
of any other Parity Securities upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are 
exercisable, at a meeting of the General Partner called for such purpose within 30 days after 
receipt by the General Partner of a request by Series A Holders holding a majority of the 
Outstanding Series A Preferred Units, to elect one member of the Board of Directors of the

--- Page 120 ---
64 
General Partner, and the size of the Board of Directors of the General Partner shall be increased 
as needed to accommodate such change.  Such right of such Series A Holders to elect a member 
of the Board of Directors of the General Partner shall continue until the Partnership pays in full, 
or declares and sets aside funds for the payment of, all Series A Distributions accumulated and 
in arrears on the Series A Preferred Units, at which time such right shall terminate, subject to the 
revesting of such right in the event of each and every subsequent failure to pay six quarterly 
Series A Distributions as described above in this Section 16.5(b).  In the event that six quarterly 
Series B Distributions, whether consecutive or not, are in arrears, the Series B Holders shall 
have the right, voting as a class together with holders of any other Parity Securities upon which 
like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, at a meeting of the General Partner 
called for such purpose within 30 days after receipt by the General Partner of a request by Series 
B Holders holding a majority of the Outstanding Series B Preferred Units, to elect one member 
of the Board of Directors of the General Partner, and the size of the Board of Directors of the 
General Partner shall be increased as needed to accommodate such change.  Such right of such 
Series B Holders to elect a member of the Board of Directors of the General Partner shall 
continue until the Partnership pays in full, or declares and sets aside funds for the payment of, 
all Series B Distributions accumulated and in arrears on the Series B Preferred Units, at which 
time such right shall terminate, subject to the revesting of such right in the event of each and 
every subsequent failure to pay six quarterly Series B Distributions as described above in this 
Section 16.5(b).  Upon any termination of the right of the Series A Holders, the Series B 
Holders and, if applicable, holders of any other Parity Securities to vote as a class for such 
director, the term of office of the director then in office elected by such Series A Holders, Series 
B Holders and holders voting as a class shall terminate immediately.  Any director elected by 
the Series A Holders, the Series B Holders and, if applicable, holders of any other Parity 
Securities shall be entitled to one vote on any matter before the Board of Directors of the 
General Partner. 
(c) 
 
(i) 
Unless the General Partner shall have received the affirmative vote or 
consent of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the Outstanding Series A Preferred Units, 
voting as a separate class, the General Partner shall not adopt any amendment to this 
Agreement that would have a material adverse effect on the existing terms of the Series A 
Preferred Units.  Unless the General Partner shall have received the affirmative vote or 
consent of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the Outstanding Series B Preferred Units, 
voting as a separate class, the General Partner shall not adopt any amendment to this 
Agreement that would have a material adverse effect on the existing terms of the Series B 
Preferred Units. 
(ii) 
Unless the General Partner shall have received the affirmative vote or 
consent of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the Outstanding Series A Preferred Units and 
Series B Preferred Units, voting as a class together with holders of any other Parity 
Securities upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, the 
Partnership shall not (x) issue any Parity Securities or Senior Securities if the cumulative 
dividends payable on Outstanding Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units 
are in arrears or (y) create or issue any Senior Securities.

--- Page 121 ---
65 
(d) 
For any matter described in this Section 16.5 in which the Series A Holders or 
Series B Holders are entitled to vote as a class (whether separately or together with the holders of 
any Parity Securities), such Series A Holders or Series B Holders shall be entitled to one vote per 
Series A Preferred Unit or Series B Preferred Unit, as applicable.  Any Series A Preferred Units 
or Series B Preferred Units held by the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates shall 
not be entitled to vote. 
Section 16.6 Optional Redemption. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall have the right at any time, and from time to time, on or after 
October 5, 2021 to redeem the Series A Preferred Units, in whole or in part, from any source of 
funds legally available for such purpose.  Any such redemption shall occur on a date set by the 
General Partner (the “Series A Redemption Date”).  The Partnership shall have the right at any 
time, and from time to time, on or after October 15, 2027 to redeem the Series B Preferred Units, 
in whole or in part, from any source of funds legally available for such purpose.  Any such 
redemption shall occur on a date set by the General Partner (the “Series B Redemption Date”). 
(b) 
The Partnership shall effect any such redemption by paying cash for each Series 
A Preferred Unit or Series B Preferred Unit, as applicable, to be redeemed equal to (i) the Series 
A Liquidation Preference for such Series A Preferred Unit on such Series A Redemption Date 
(the “Series A Redemption Price”) or (ii) the Series B Liquidation Preference for such Series B 
Preferred Unit on such Series B Redemption Date (the “Series B Redemption Price”), as 
applicable.  So long as the Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units to be redeemed 
are held of record by the nominee of the Depository, the Series A Redemption Price or Series B 
Redemption Price, as applicable, shall be paid by the Paying Agent to the Depository on the 
Series A Redemption Date or the Series B Redemption Date, as applicable. 
(c) 
The Partnership shall give notice of any redemption by mail, postage prepaid, not 
less than 30 days and not more than 60 days before the scheduled Series A Redemption Date or 
Series B Redemption Date, to the Series A Holders or Series B Holders, as applicable (as of 5:00 
p.m. New York City time on the Business Day next preceding the day on which notice is given), 
of any Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units to be redeemed as such Series A 
Holders’ or Series B Holders’ names, as applicable, appear on the books of the Transfer Agent 
and at the address of such Series A Holders or Series B Holders shown therein.  Such notice (the 
“Series A Redemption Notice” or the “Series B Redemption Notice”, as applicable) shall state, as 
applicable: (1) the Series A Redemption Date or Series B Redemption Date, (2) the number of 
Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units to be redeemed and, if less than all 
Outstanding Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units are to be redeemed, the number 
(and the identification) of Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units to be redeemed 
from such Series A Holder or Series B Holder, (3) the Series A Redemption Price or Series B 
Redemption Price, (4) the place where the Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units 
are to be redeemed and shall be presented and surrendered for payment of the Series A 
Redemption Price or Series B Redemption Price therefor and (5) that distributions on the Series 
A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units to be redeemed shall cease to accumulate from and 
after such Series A Redemption Date or Series B Redemption Date.

--- Page 122 ---
66 
(d) 
If the Partnership elects to redeem less than all of the Outstanding Series A 
Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units, as applicable, the number of Series A Preferred 
Units or Series B Preferred Units to be redeemed shall be determined by the General Partner, and 
such Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units shall be redeemed by such method of 
selection as the Depository shall determine either Pro Rata or by lot, with adjustments to avoid 
redemption of fractional Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units.  The aggregate 
Series A Redemption Price or Series B Redemption Price for any such partial redemption of the 
Outstanding Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units shall be allocated 
correspondingly among the redeemed Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units, as 
applicable.  The Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units not redeemed shall remain 
Outstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided in this Article XVI.  The 
Partnership is permitted to redeem all or part of one series of Preferred Units without redeeming 
all or part of any other series of Preferred Units. 
(e) 
If the Partnership gives or causes to be given a Series A Redemption Notice or 
Series B Redemption Notice, the Partnership shall deposit with the Paying Agent funds, 
sufficient to redeem the Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units, as applicable, as 
to which such Series A Redemption Notice or Series B Redemption Notice shall have been 
given, no later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately preceding 
the Series A Redemption Date or Series B Redemption Date, and shall give the Paying Agent 
irrevocable instructions and authority to pay the Series A Redemption Price to the Series A 
Holders or the Series B Redemption Price to the Series B Holders to be redeemed upon 
surrender or deemed surrender (which shall occur automatically if the Certificate representing 
such Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Unit, as applicable, is issued in the name of 
the Depository or its nominee) of the certificates therefor as set forth in the Series A 
Redemption Notice or Series B Redemption Notice.  If the Series A Redemption Notice or 
Series B Redemption Notice shall have been given, from and after the Series A Redemption 
Date or Series B Redemption Date, as applicable, unless the Partnership defaults in providing 
funds sufficient for such redemption at the time and place specified for payment pursuant to the 
Series A Redemption Notice or Series B Redemption Notice, all Series A Distributions on such 
Series A Preferred Units to be redeemed or Series B Distributions on such Series B Preferred 
Units to be redeemed shall cease to accumulate and all rights of holders of such Series A 
Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units as Limited Partners with respect to such Series A 
Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units to be redeemed shall cease, except the right to 
receive the Series A Redemption Price or Series B Redemption Price, as applicable, and such 
Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units shall not thereafter be transferred on the 
books of the Transfer Agent or be deemed to be Outstanding for any purpose whatsoever.  The 
Partnership shall be entitled to receive from the Paying Agent the interest income, if any, 
earned on such funds deposited with the Paying Agent (to the extent that such interest income 
is not required to pay the Series A Redemption Price of the Series A Preferred Units or the 
Series B Redemption Price of the Series B Preferred Units, as applicable, to be redeemed), and 
the holders of any Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units so redeemed shall have 
no claim to any such interest income.  Any funds deposited with the Paying Agent hereunder 
by the Partnership for any reason, including redemption of Series A Preferred Units or Series B 
Preferred Units, that remain unclaimed or unpaid after two years after the applicable Series A 
Redemption Date or Series B Redemption Date or other payment date, shall be, to the extent 
permitted by law, repaid to the Partnership upon its written request, after which repayment the

--- Page 123 ---
67 
Series A Holders or Series B Holders entitled to such redemption or other payment shall have 
recourse only to the Partnership.  Notwithstanding any Series A Redemption Notice or Series B 
Redemption Notice, there shall be no redemption of any Series A Preferred Units or Series B 
Preferred Units, as applicable, called for redemption until funds sufficient to pay the full Series 
A Redemption Price of such Series A Preferred Units or the full Series B Redemption Price of 
such Series B Preferred Units shall have been deposited by the Partnership with the Paying 
Agent. 
(f) 
Any Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units that are redeemed or 
otherwise acquired by the Partnership shall be canceled.  If only a portion of the Series A 
Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units represented by a Certificate shall have been called for 
redemption, upon surrender of the Certificate to the Paying Agent (which shall occur 
automatically if the Certificate representing such Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred 
Units is registered in the name of the Depository or its nominee), the Paying Agent shall issue to 
the Series A Holders or Series B Holders, as applicable, a new Certificate (or adjust the 
applicable book-entry account) representing the number of Series A Preferred Units or Series B 
Preferred Units represented by the surrendered Certificate that have not been called for 
redemption. 
(g) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article XVI, in the event that 
full cumulative distributions on the Series A Preferred Units, Series B Preferred Units and any 
other Parity Securities shall not have been paid or declared and set apart for payment, none of 
the Partnership, the General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner shall be permitted 
to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, in whole or in part, any Series A Preferred Units, 
Series B Preferred Units or other Parity Securities except pursuant to a purchase or exchange 
offer made on the same terms to all Series A Holders, Series B Holders and holders of any 
other Parity Securities.  None of the Partnership, the General Partner or any Affiliate of the 
General Partner shall be permitted to redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any Common 
Units or any other Junior Securities unless full cumulative distributions on the Series A 
Preferred Units, Series B Preferred Units and any other Parity Securities for all prior and the 
then-ending Series A Distribution Periods and Series B Distribution Periods shall have been 
paid or declared and set apart for payment. 
Section 16.7 Rank. 
The Series A Preferred Units and Series B Preferred Units shall each be deemed to rank: 
(a) 
Senior to (i) the Common Units and (ii) any other class or series of Partnership 
Securities established after the Series A Original Issue Date by the General Partner, the terms of 
which class or series do not expressly provide that it is made senior to or on parity with the 
Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units as to current distributions (collectively 
referred to with the Partnership’s Common Units as “Junior Securities”); 
(b) 
On a parity with each other and with any other class or series of Partnership 
Securities established after the Series A Original Issue Date by the General Partner, the terms of 
which class or series are not expressly subordinated or senior to the Series A Preferred Units or

--- Page 124 ---
68 
Series B Preferred Units as to current distributions (collectively referred to as “Parity 
Securities”); and 
(c) 
Junior to any class or series of Partnership Securities established after the Series 
A Original Issue Date by the General Partner, the terms of which class or series expressly 
provide that it ranks senior to the Series A Preferred Units or Series B Preferred Units as to 
current distributions (collectively referred to as “Senior Securities”). 
The Partnership may issue Junior Securities and, subject to any approvals required by 
Series A Holders and Series B Holders pursuant to Section 16.5(c)(ii), Parity Securities from 
time to time in one or more classes or series without the consent of the Series A Holders or 
Series B Holders.  The General Partner has the authority to determine the preferences, powers, 
qualifications, limitations, restrictions and special or relative rights or privileges, if any, of any 
such class or series before the issuance of any Partnership Securities of such class or series. 
Section 16.8 No Sinking Fund. 
Neither the Series A Preferred Units nor the Series B Preferred Units shall have the 
benefit of any sinking fund.  
Section 16.9 Record Holders. 
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the General Partner, Partnership, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Paying Agent may deem and treat any Series A Holder and 
Series B Holder as the true, lawful and absolute owner of the applicable Series A Preferred Units 
or Series B Preferred Units, as applicable, for all purposes, and neither the General Partner, the 
Partnership nor the Registrar, the Transfer Agent or the Paying Agent shall be affected by any 
notice to the contrary. 
Section 16.10 Notices. 
All notices or communications in respect of the Series A Preferred Units or Series B 
Preferred Units shall be sufficiently given if given in writing and delivered in person or by first 
class mail, postage prepaid, or if given in such other manner as may be permitted in this Article 
XVI, this Agreement or by applicable law. 
Section 16.11 Other Rights; Fiduciary Duties. 
Neither the Series A Preferred Units nor the Series B Preferred Units shall have any 
voting powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other special rights, or 
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, other than as set forth in this Article XVI or as 
provided by applicable law.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, but 
subject to Section 7.9(c) and without reference to the definition of “good faith” in Section 7.9(b), 
neither the General Partner nor any other Indemnitee shall owe any fiduciary duties to Series A 
Holders or Series B Holders, other than a contractual duty of good faith and fair dealing.

--- Page 125 ---
69 
ARTICLE XVII 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Section 17.1 Addresses and Notices. 
Any notice, demand, request, report or proxy materials required or permitted to be given 
or made to a Partner under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given or made 
when delivered in person or when sent by first class United States mail or by other means of 
written communication to the Partner at the address described below.  Any notice, payment or 
report to be given or made to a Partner hereunder shall be deemed conclusively to have been 
given or made, and the obligation to give such notice or report or to make such payment shall be 
deemed conclusively to have been fully satisfied, upon sending of such notice, payment or report 
to the Record Holder of such Partnership Securities at his address as shown on the records of the 
Transfer Agent or as otherwise shown on the records of the Partnership, regardless of any claim 
of any Person who may have an interest in such Partnership Securities by reason of any 
assignment or otherwise.  An affidavit or certificate of making of any notice, payment or report 
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 17.1 executed by the General Partner, the 
Transfer Agent or the mailing organization shall be prima facie evidence of the giving or making 
of such notice, payment or report.  If any notice, payment or report addressed to a Record Holder 
at the address of such Record Holder appearing on the books and records of the Transfer Agent 
or the Partnership is returned by the United States Postal Service marked to indicate that the 
United States Postal Service is unable to deliver it, such notice, payment or report and any 
subsequent notices, payments and reports shall be deemed to have been duly given or made 
without further mailing (until such time as such Record Holder or another Person notifies the 
Transfer Agent or the Partnership of a change in his address) if they are available for the Partner 
at the principal office of the Partnership for a period of one year from the date of the giving or 
making of such notice, payment or report to the other Partners.  Any notice to the Partnership 
shall be deemed given if received by the General Partner at the principal office of the Partnership 
designated pursuant to Section 2.3.  The General Partner may rely and shall be protected in 
relying on any notice or other document from a Partner or other Person if believed by it to be 
genuine. 
Section 17.2 Further Action. 
The parties shall execute and deliver all documents, provide all information and take or 
refrain from taking action as may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this 
Agreement. 
Section 17.3 Binding Effect. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and 
their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns. 
Section 17.4 Integration.

--- Page 126 ---
70 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto pertaining to 
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings pertaining 
thereto, including the Prior Agreement. 
Section 17.5 Creditors. 
None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of, or shall be 
enforceable by, any creditor of the Partnership.  
Section 17.6 Waiver. 
No failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, 
agreement or condition of this Agreement or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a 
breach thereof shall constitute waiver of any such breach of any other covenant, duty, agreement 
or condition. 
Section 17.7 Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute an 
agreement binding on all the parties hereto, notwithstanding that all such parties are not 
signatories to the original or the same counterpart.  Each party shall become bound by this 
Agreement immediately upon affixing its signature hereto or, in the case of a Person acquiring a 
Limited Partner Interest pursuant to Section 10.2(a), without execution hereof. 
Section 17.8 Applicable Law. 
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the 
Marshall Islands, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. 
Section 17.9 Invalidity of Provisions. 
If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein 
shall not be affected thereby. 
Section 17.10 Consent of Partners. 
Each Partner hereby expressly consents and agrees that, whenever in this Agreement it is 
specified that an action may be taken upon the affirmative vote or consent of less than all of the 
Partners, such action may be so taken upon the concurrence of less than all of the Partners and 
each Partner shall be bound by the results of such action. 
Section 17.11 Facsimile Signatures. 
The use of facsimile signatures affixed in the name and on behalf of the transfer agent 
and registrar of the Partnership on Certificates is expressly permitted by this Agreement. 
[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

--- Page 127 ---
71 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Fifth Amended and 
Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership as of the date first written above. 
GENERAL PARTNER: 
Teekay GP L.L.C. 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: Anne Liversedge 
Title: Secretary 
(Place of Execution: Hamilton, Bermuda) 
LIMITED PARTNERS: 
All Limited Partners now and hereafter admitted as 
Limited Partners of the Partnership, pursuant to 
powers of attorney now and hereafter executed in 
favor of, and granted and delivered to the General 
Partner. 
Teekay GP L.L.C. 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Name: Anne Liversedge 
Title: Secretary 
(Place of Execution: Hamilton, Bermuda) 
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED FOR 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 16.5(B): 
Teekay Holdings Limited, as Sole Member of the 
General Partner, to evidence its agreement to 
modify the governing documents of the General 
Partner at such time and in such manner as may be 
required from time to time by Section 16.5(b) 
By: 
 
 
Name: Anne Liversedge  
Title: President

--- Page 128 ---
A-72 
EXHIBIT A  
to the Fifth Amended and Restated  
Agreement of Limited Partnership of  
Teekay LNG Partners L.P.  
Certificate Evidencing Common Units  
Representing Limited Partner Interests in  
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
No._________ 
_________Common Units  
In accordance with Section 4.1 of the Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Teekay LNG Partners L.P., as amended, supplemented or restated from time to 
time (the “Partnership Agreement”), Teekay LNG Partners L.P., a Marshall Islands limited 
partnership (the “Partnership”), hereby certifies that 
 
(the “Holder”) is the 
registered owner of Common Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the 
“Common Units”) transferable on the books of the Partnership, in person or by duly authorized 
attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed.  The rights, preferences and 
limitations of the Common Units are set forth in, and this Certificate and the Common Units 
represented hereby are issued and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and provisions of, 
the Partnership Agreement.  Copies of the Partnership Agreement are on file at, and will be 
furnished without charge on delivery of written request to the Partnership at, the principal office 
of the Partnership located at 4th Floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton HM 08, 
Bermuda.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings given them in 
the Partnership Agreement. 
The Holder, by accepting this Certificate, is deemed to have (i) requested admission as, 
and agreed to become, a Limited Partner and to have agreed to comply with and be bound by and 
to have executed the Partnership Agreement, (ii) represented and warranted that the Holder has 
all right, power and authority and, if an individual, the capacity necessary to enter into the 
Partnership Agreement, (iii) granted the powers of attorney provided for in the Partnership 
Agreement and (iv) made the waivers and given the consents and approvals contained in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
This Certificate shall not be valid for any purpose unless it has been countersigned and 
registered by the Transfer Agent and Registrar. 
Dated:  ______________________________ 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
 
Countersigned and Registered by: 
By: 
Teekay GP L.L.C., 
 
its General Partner 
 
 
 
as Transfer Agent and Registrar 
By: 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
By: 
 
 By: 
 
 
Authorized Signature 
Secretary

--- Page 129 ---
A-73 
[Reverse of Certificate]  
ABBREVIATIONS 
The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this Certificate, 
shall be construed as follows according to applicable laws or regulations: 
 
TEN COM  — as tenants in common 
UNIF GIFT/TRANSFERS MIN ACT 
 
___________Custodian___________ 
TEN ENT — as tenants by the entireties 
(Cust)                                     (Minor) 
 
under Uniform Gifts/Transfers to CD 
JT TEN 
— as joint tenants with right of 
Minors Act (State) 
survivorship and not as tenants in 
common 
 
 
Additional abbreviations, though not in the above list, may also be used. 
ASSIGNMENT OF COMMON UNITS 
in 
TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED,                     hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto 
 
  
 
  
 
(Please print or typewrite name 
(Please insert Social Security or other  
and address of assignee) 
identifying number of assignee) 
 
Common Units representing limited partner interests evidenced by this Certificate, subject to the 
Partnership Agreement, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint as its attorney-in-fact 
with full power of substitution to transfer the same on the books of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Date: _____________ 
NOTE: The signature to any endorsement hereon must correspond 
with the name as written upon the face of this Certificate in 
every particular, without alteration, enlargement or change. 
 
THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE  
GUARANTEED BY AN  
ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR  
INSTITUTION (BANKS,  
STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS  
AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS  
AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH  
MEMBERSHIP IN AN  
APPROVED SIGNATURE  
 
 
(Signature) 
 
 
 
 
 
(Signature)

--- Page 130 ---
A-74 
GUARANTEE MEDALLION  
PROGRAM), PURSUANT TO  
S.E.C. RULE 17d-15 
 
No transfer of the Common Units evidenced hereby will be registered on the books of the 
Partnership, unless the Certificate evidencing the Common Units to be transferred is surrendered 
for registration or transfer.

--- Page 131 ---
B-1 
EXHIBIT B 
to the Fifth Amended and Restated  
Agreement of Limited Partnership of  
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
Certificate Evidencing Series A Cumulative  
Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units  
Representing Limited Partner Interests in  
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
No._________ 
_________Series A Preferred Units  
In accordance with Section 4.1 of the Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Teekay LNG Partners L.P., as amended, supplemented or restated from time to 
time (the “Partnership Agreement”), Teekay LNG Partners L.P., a Marshall Islands limited 
partnership (the “Partnership”), hereby certifies that 
 
(the “Holder”) is the 
registered owner of 9.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units 
representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the “Series A Preferred Units”) 
transferable on the books of the Partnership, in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon 
surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed.  The rights, preferences and limitations of the 
Series A Preferred Units are set forth in, and this Certificate and the Series A Preferred Units 
represented hereby are issued and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and provisions of, 
the Partnership Agreement.  Copies of the Partnership Agreement are on file at, and will be 
furnished without charge on delivery of written request to the Partnership at, the principal office 
of the Partnership located at 4th Floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton HM 08, 
Bermuda.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings given them in 
the Partnership Agreement. 
The Holder, by accepting this Certificate, is deemed to have (i) requested admission as, 
and agreed to become, a Limited Partner and to have agreed to comply with and be bound by and 
to have executed the Partnership Agreement, (ii) represented and warranted that the Holder has 
all right, power and authority and, if an individual, the capacity necessary to enter into the 
Partnership Agreement, (iii) granted the powers of attorney provided for in the Partnership 
Agreement and (iv) made the waivers and given the consents and approvals contained in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
This Certificate shall not be valid for any purpose unless it has been countersigned and 
registered by the Transfer Agent and Registrar. 
Dated:  ______________________________ 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
 
Countersigned and Registered by: 
By: 
Teekay GP L.L.C., 
 
its General Partner 
 
 
 
as Transfer Agent and Registrar 
By: 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
By: 
 
 By: 
 
 
Authorized Signature 
Secretary

--- Page 132 ---
B-2 
[Reverse of Certificate] 
ABBREVIATIONS 
The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this Certificate, 
shall be construed as follows according to applicable laws or regulations: 
TEN COM  — as tenants in common 
UNIF GIFT/TRANSFERS MIN ACT 
 
___________Custodian___________ 
TEN ENT — as tenants by the entireties 
(Cust)                                     (Minor) 
 
under Uniform Gifts/Transfers to CD 
JT TEN 
— as joint tenants with right of 
Minors Act (State) 
survivorship and not as tenants in 
common 
 
 
Additional abbreviations, though not in the above list, may also be used. 
ASSIGNMENT OF SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS 
in 
TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  
hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto  
 
  
 
(Please print or typewrite name 
(Please insert Social Security or other  
and address of assignee) 
identifying number of assignee) 
 
Series A Preferred Units representing limited partner interests evidenced by this 
Certificate, subject to the Partnership Agreement, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and 
appoint as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to transfer the same on the books of 
the Partnership. 
 
Date:  
 
NOTE: The signature to any endorsement 
hereon must correspond with the 
name as written upon the face of this 
Certificate in every particular, without 
alteration, enlargement or change. 
 
 
THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE 
GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE 
GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, 
STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN 
ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS 
WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEE 
MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT 
TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 
(Signature) 
 
 
 
 
(Signature)

--- Page 133 ---
B-3 
No transfer of the Series A Preferred Units evidenced hereby will be registered on the books of 
the Partnership, unless the Certificate evidencing the Series A Preferred Units to be transferred is 
surrendered for registration or transfer.

--- Page 134 ---
C-1 
EXHIBIT C 
to the Fifth Amended and Restated  
Agreement of Limited Partnership of  
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
Certificate Evidencing Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative  
Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units  
Representing Limited Partner Interests in  
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
No._________ 
_________Series B Preferred Units  
In accordance with Section 4.1 of the Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Teekay LNG Partners L.P., as amended, supplemented or restated from time to 
time (the “Partnership Agreement”), Teekay LNG Partners L.P., a Marshall Islands limited 
partnership (the “Partnership”), hereby certifies that 
 
(the “Holder”) is the 
registered owner of 8.50% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual 
Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the “Series B Preferred 
Units”) transferable on the books of the Partnership, in person or by duly authorized attorney, 
upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed.  The rights, preferences and limitations of 
the Series B Preferred Units are set forth in, and this Certificate and the Series B Preferred Units 
represented hereby are issued and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and provisions of, 
the Partnership Agreement.  Copies of the Partnership Agreement are on file at, and will be 
furnished without charge on delivery of written request to the Partnership at, the principal office 
of the Partnership located at 4th Floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton HM 08, 
Bermuda.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings given them in 
the Partnership Agreement. 
The Holder, by accepting this Certificate, is deemed to have (i) requested admission as, 
and agreed to become, a Limited Partner and to have agreed to comply with and be bound by and 
to have executed the Partnership Agreement, (ii) represented and warranted that the Holder has 
all right, power and authority and, if an individual, the capacity necessary to enter into the 
Partnership Agreement, (iii) granted the powers of attorney provided for in the Partnership 
Agreement and (iv) made the waivers and given the consents and approvals contained in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
This Certificate shall not be valid for any purpose unless it has been countersigned and 
registered by the Transfer Agent and Registrar. 
 
Dated:  ______________________________ 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
 
Countersigned and Registered by: 
By: 
Teekay GP L.L.C., 
 
its General Partner 
 
 
 
as Transfer Agent and Registrar 
By: 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
By: 
 
 By: 
 
 
Authorized Signature 
Secretary

--- Page 135 ---
C-2 
 
[Reverse of Certificate] 
ABBREVIATIONS 
The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this Certificate, 
shall be construed as follows according to applicable laws or regulations: 
TEN COM  — as tenants in common 
UNIF GIFT/TRANSFERS MIN ACT 
 
___________Custodian___________ 
TEN ENT —  as tenants by the entireties 
(Cust)                                     (Minor) 
 
under Uniform Gifts/Transfers to CD 
JT TEN 
— as joint tenants with right of 
Minors Act (State) 
survivorship and not as tenants in 
common 
 
 
Additional abbreviations, though not in the above list, may also be used. 
ASSIGNMENT OF SERIES B PREFERRED UNITS 
in 
TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L.P. 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  
hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto  
 
  
 
(Please print or typewrite name 
(Please insert Social Security or other  
and address of assignee) 
identifying number of assignee) 
 
Series B Preferred Units representing limited partner interests evidenced by this 
Certificate, subject to the Partnership Agreement, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and 
appoint as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to transfer the same on the books of 
the Partnership. 
 
Date:  
 
NOTE: The signature to any endorsement 
hereon must correspond with the 
name as written upon the face of this 
Certificate in every particular, without 
alteration, enlargement or change. 
 
 
THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE 
GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE 
GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, 
STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN 
ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS 
(Signature)

--- Page 136 ---
C-3 
WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEE 
MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT 
TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 
(Signature) 
 
No transfer of the Series B Preferred Units evidenced hereby will be registered on the books of 
the Partnership, unless the Certificate evidencing the Series B Preferred Units to be transferred is 
surrendered for registration or transfer.

--- Page 137 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 21 January 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
46
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 138 ---
[Appendix 2] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hamilton (Bermuda), [Date]

--- Page 139 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target group are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the following:] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA OR UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target group are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert the following:] 
MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services – subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 21 January 2021 and [the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 21 January 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the 
“Base Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-lng-partners-l-p/financials-presentations/, or on the 
Issuer's visit address, 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda, or their 
successor (s).

--- Page 140 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P., 4th floor, Belvedere Building, 69 Pitts 
Bay Road, Hamilton, HM 08, Bermuda 
Telephone (441) 298-2530  
Registration number 950008 in the Marshall Islands Register of 
Companies. 
LEI-code ((legal entity identifier): 549300CP38L0UER0I397. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 83 39 50.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 25 January 2021. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is incorporated in the Republic of the Marshall 
Islands. The Company is a limited partnership organized under 
the laws of The Republic of The Marshall Islands.  The Company 
operates under the provisions of the Marshall Islands Limited 
Partnership Act. 
Principal activities 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. is and independent owner and 
operator of LNG and LPG carriers with 2,500 employees at sea 
and ashore.  
Major shareholders 
 
The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership, as of September 30, 2020, of our 
common units by each person we know to beneficially own more than 5% of the outstanding common units. 
 
Identity of person or group  
Common Units 
Owned  
Percentage of Common 
Units Owned (1)  
Teekay Corporation (1)  
35,958,274  
41.4 %  
FMR LLC (2) 
  7,010,025 
  8.1 % 
Cobas Asset Management. SGIIC, S.A. (3) 
5,813,317 
6.7 % 
 
(1) Based on 86,951,234 of common units outstanding as of December 1, 2020.

--- Page 141 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
Our General Partner has a Corporate Secretary but does not have any other officers. In February 2017, we and 
our wholly-owned subsidiary, Opco, entered into a service agreement with the Service Provider, Teekay Gas 
Group Ltd., a subsidiary of Opco. The Service Provider provides services using persons employed by various 
subsidiaries of Teekay Corporation, including the services of Mark Kremin, the President and CEO of Service 
Provider, and Scott Gayton, the CFO of Service Provider. The following table provides certain information about 
the senior management team that is principally responsible for our operations and their positions in the Service 
Provider as at the date of this Annual Report.  
 
Mark Kremin was appointed President and CEO of Teekay Gas Group Ltd., a company that provides services to 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. and its subsidiaries, in 2017.  
 
Scott Gayton was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Teekay Gas Group Ltd., a company that provides services to 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. and its subsidiaries in June 2018 
 
N. Angelique Burgess was appointed Secretary of Teekay GP L.L.C., the general partner of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
in June 2020.  
 
Statutory auditors 
KPMG LLP 
 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
TGP consolidated financial statements 
 
Amounts in USD thousand 
Quarterly Report 
Quarterly Report 
Quarterly 
Report 
Annual Report 
Annual Report 
 
Q3 2020 
Q2 2020 
Q1 2020 
2019 
2018 
Income from vessel operations 
69,597 
69,589 
21,738 
299,253 
147,809 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash)(1) 
2,651,078 
2,708,167 
2,765,964 
3,082,079 
3,119,318 
Net Cash flows from operating 
activities(2) 
88,710 
95,128 
328,733 
298,929 
131,198 
Net Cash flows from financing 
activities 
(125,583) 
(227,889) 
(147,956) 
(109,731) 
385,085 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(765) 
(1,002) 
(7,830) 
(158,771) 
(632,854) 
 
(1) 
Includes capital leases. 
(2) 
Includes a one-time cash receipt in Q1 2020 of $264.1 million related to the two LNG carriers that were repurchased by Awilco LNG 
ASA during the quarter. 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2019. 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
 
The Company may not have sufficient cash from operations to 
enable it to repay all of its obligations, including interest payments 
on the Bonds 
 
The Company’s ability to service its debt will depend on certain 
financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond 
its control 
 
The continuation of COVID-19 could have material adverse 
effects on our business, results of operation, or financial condition 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●]

--- Page 142 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
Interest rate risk 
 
Credit risk 
 
Market risk 
 
Settlement risk 
 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading, please see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 143 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. registered in the Marshall Islands Register of 
Companies with registration number 950008. The Company’s LEI code 
is 549300CP38L0UER0I397. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
Unsecured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR / EURIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 144 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the call option]

--- Page 145 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders,

--- Page 146 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.5.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.teekay.com/investors/teekay-lng-partners-l-p/financials-
presentations/    
 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
[name of joint bookrunners] as [type of bookrunner] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 101,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 147 ---
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of joint bokrunners] as [type of bookrunner] for the issuance of the Loan. The 
[type of bookrunner] [has/have] acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The [type of bookrunner] will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the [type of bookrunner]: 
[name of joint bookrunners] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The [type of bookrunners] have 
not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made, and the [type of bookrunner] expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are 
without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus acknowledges that 
such person has not relied on the [type of bookrunner] nor on any person affiliated with them in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of joint bookrunners] 
[web address of joint bookrunners]