--- Page 1 ---
10254442822-v14 
- i - 
70-41051415 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
TELEFÓNICA EMISIONES, S.A.U. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
EUR 40,000,000,000 
PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF DEBT INSTRUMENTS 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
TELEFÓNICA, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
 
This document comprises a base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central 
Bank") as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(each as defined herein) nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Instruments (as defined below) that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Instruments. Such approval relates 
only to the securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State (as defined 
below) of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Instruments issued 
under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. References in this Base Prospectus to Instruments being "listed" (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Instruments have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) is valid to 11 April 2024. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus after the end of the 12-month validity period which will 
expire on 10 April 2024. 
This Base Prospectus gives information with regard to Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U., Telefónica, S.A. and the issue of debt 
instruments (the "Instruments") under the programme described above (the "Programme") during the period of twelve months after 
the date hereof. 
The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
See "Risk Factors" for a discussion of certain factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Instruments. 
Potential investors should note the statements on page 17 regarding the tax treatment in Spain of income obtained in respect of the 
Instruments. In particular, payments on the Instruments will be exempt from Spanish withholding tax if the Issue and Paying Agent 
provides the Issuer and the Guarantor with certain documentation in a timely manner. 
Tranches of Instruments issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Instruments is rated, such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Instruments already issued.  Where a 
Tranche of Instruments is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Instruments will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 
on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.   In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which 
is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited ("Fitch") has rated the Guarantor, see page 106. Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established in the EEA, registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Market Authority (ESMA) on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The rating which each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch has given to the 
Guarantor is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Moody's Investors Service Ltd and Fitch Ratings Ltd., respectively, each 
of which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 2 ---
10254442822-v14 
 
70-41051415 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CITIGROUP 
COMMERZBANK 
CREDIT SUISSE 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
MIZUHO 
MORGAN STANLEY 
NATWEST MARKETS 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
UNICREDIT 
 
 
11 April 2023

--- Page 3 ---
10254442822-v14 
- i - 
70-41051415 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. (the "Issuer") and Telefónica, S.A. ("Telefónica", the 
"Company" or the "Guarantor") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Instruments issued under the Programme. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
References herein to the "Programme Date" are to the date specified on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
CERTAIN TERMS AND CONVENTIONS 
As used herein, "Telefónica", the "Telefónica Group", the "Group", the "Company" and terms such as 
"we", "us" and "our" mean Telefónica, S.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
"5G" is a technology succeeding the mobile technology called 4G. The aim is to make the navigation 
experience and Internet downloads more agile. 
"Access" refers to a connection to any of the telecommunications services offered by Telefónica. A single 
fixed customer may contract for multiple services, and Telefónica believes that it is more useful to count 
the number of accesses a customer has contracted for, rather than merely to count the number of its 
customers. For example, a customer that has fixed line telephony service and broadband service is counted 
as two accesses rather than as one customer. 
"ARPU" is total mobile service revenues during the relevant period divided by the average number of retail 
accesses (based on the beginning and the month-end number of retail accesses during such period), divided 
by the number of months in such period. 
"Artificial Intelligence" refers to intelligent tasks being carried out by machines. 
"AWS" or Amazon Web Services refers to Amazon's service platform offering data base storage, content 
delivery and other functionalities that can help a business to grow. It is also more secure than a physical 
server. 
"B2B" or business to business is the business segment. 
"B2C" or business to customer is the residential segment. 
"Bundle" refers to a combination of products that combine fixed services (wirelines, broadband and 
television) and mobile services. 
"CATV" or community antenna television is a system of delivering television programming to consumers 
via radio frequency (RF) signals transmitted through coaxial cables, or in more recent systems, via light 
pulses through fiber-optic cables. 
"Churn" is the number of disconnections over the average customer base in a given period divided by the 
number of months in such period. 
"Cloud Computing" is a service, whereby shared resources, software and information are provided to 
computers and other devices as a utility over a network (typically, the Internet). 
"Cloud Phone" is an application that allows the transfer of files between two smartphones in a simple way. 
"commercial activity" includes the addition of new lines, replacement of handsets, migrations and 
disconnections. 
"connected car" is a vehicle equipped with Internet access and generally through a local wireless network 
or satellite. 
"Convergent" refers to the offer of a fixed service together with a mobile service.

--- Page 4 ---
10254442822-v14 
- ii - 
70-41051415 
 
"Data ARPU" is data revenues (as defined below) during the relevant period divided by the average number 
of retail accesses (based on the beginning and the month-end number of retail accesses during such period), 
divided by the number of months in such period. 
"data revenues" include revenues from mobile data services such as mobile connectivity and mobile 
Internet, premium messaging, downloading ringtones and logos, mobile mail and SMS/MMS. 
"data traffic" includes all traffic from Internet access, messaging (SMS, MMS) and connectivity services 
over Telefónica's network. 
"DTH" or "Direct-To-Home" is a technology used for the provision of TV services. 
"fixed telephony accesses" includes public switched telephone network (PSTN) lines (including public use 
telephony), ISDN (as defined below) lines and circuits, "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
"FTRs" or fixed termination rates is an established fixed network tariff that applies when a customer makes 
a call to someone in a network operated by another operator. 
"FTTH" or Fiber to Home is a telecommunications technology that consists of the use of fiber optic cabling 
and optical distribution systems for the provision of Internet services and IPTV to homes, businesses and 
companies. 
"FTTP" or fiber-to-the-premises refers to equipment used in fiber access deployments where fibers extend 
all the way to the end-user premises and the equipment is designed and optimised for use in residential 
applications. 
"FTTx" is a generic term for any broadband network architecture that uses optical fiber to replace all or 
part of the metal local loop. 
"Gbps" means Gigabytes per second. 
"GHz" means gigahertz. 
"ICT" or information communication technology is the acquisition, processing, storage and dissemination 
of vocal, pictorial, textual and numerical information by a microelectronics-based combination of 
computing and telecommunications. 
"Interconnection Revenues" means revenues received from other operators which use Telefónica's 
networks to connect to or finish their calls and SMS or to connect to their customers. 
"internet and data accesses", "fixed broadband accesses" or "FBB accesses" include broadband accesses 
(including retail asymmetrical digital subscriber line (ADSL), very high bit-rate digital subscriber line 
(VDSL), satellite, fiber optic and circuits over 2 Mbps), narrowband accesses (Internet service through the 
PSTN lines) and the remaining non-broadband final customer circuits. Internet and data accesses also 
include "Naked ADSL", which allows customers to subscribe for a broadband connection without a 
monthly fixed line fee. 
"IoT" (Internet of Things) refers to technologies that allow both mobile and wired systems to communicate 
with other devices with the same capability. 
"IPTV" (Internet Protocol Television) refers to distribution systems for television subscription signals or 
video using broadband connections over the IP protocol. 
"ISDN" (Integrated Services Digital Network) is a format commonly used for transmitting information 
through a digital high speed connection. 
"local loop" means the physical circuit connecting the network termination point at the subscriber's 
premises to the main distribution frame or equivalent facility in the fixed public telephone network. 
"LTE" or Long-Term Evolution is a 4G mobile access technology. 
"market share" is the percentage ratio of the number of final accesses over the existing total market in an 
operating area.

--- Page 5 ---
10254442822-v14 
- iii - 
70-41051415 
 
"Mb" means megabytes. 
"MHz" means megahertz. 
"MMS" (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard messaging system allowing mobile phones to send 
and receive multimedia content, including sound, video and photos. 
"mobile accesses" include accesses to the mobile network for voice and/or data services (including 
connectivity). Mobile accesses are categorised into contract, prepay and IoT accesses. 
"mobile broadband" includes Mobile Internet (Internet access from devices also used to make voice calls 
such as smartphones), and mobile connectivity (Internet access from devices that complement fixed 
broadband, such as PC Cards/dongles, which enable large amounts of data to be downloaded on the move). 
"MTR" or mobile termination rate is an established mobile network tariff that applies when a customer 
makes a call to someone in a network operated by another operator. 
"MVNO" or mobile virtual network operator is a mobile operator that provides mobile services through 
another mobile operator. An MVNO pays a determined tariff to such mobile network operator for using the 
infrastructure to facilitate coverage to its customers. 
"Net adds/Net loss" is the difference between the customer base as of the end of a certain period compared 
to December of the prior year. 
"OTT Services" or over the top services means services provided through the Internet (such as television 
and video streaming). 
"Pay TV" includes cable TV, direct to home satellite TV (DTH) and IPTV. 
"p.p." means percentage points. 
"PSTN" means Public Switched Telephone Network. 
"Revenues" means net sales and revenues from rendering of services. 
"service revenues" are total revenues minus mobile handset sales. Service revenues are mainly related to 
telecommunication services, especially voice- and data revenues (SMS and data traffic download and 
upload revenues) consumed by Telefónica's customers. 
"SIM" means subscriber identity module, a removable intelligent card used in mobile handsets, USB 
modems, etc. to identify the user in the network. 
"Smart Wi-Fi" is an application in which users can control their Wi-Fi network and the devices connected 
to it from their mobile. 
"SMS" means short messaging service. 
"STB" (Set-top box) is a device that converts a digital television signal to analogue for viewing on a 
conventional set, or that enables cable or satellite television to be viewed. 
"Tbps" means terabytes per second. 
"tracker" is a special server which contains the information needed for users to connect with other users. 
"UBB" or "Ultra Broadband" is the fiber-to-the-premise broadband which is capable of giving a minimum 
download speed of 100 Mbps and a minimum upload speed of 50 Mbps. 
"voice traffic" means voice minutes used by Telefónica's customers over a given period, both outbound 
and inbound. 
"VoIP" means voice over Internet protocol.

--- Page 6 ---
10254442822-v14 
- iv - 
70-41051415 
 
"VPN" or Virtual Private Network extends a private network across a public network and enables users to 
send and receive data across shared or public network. 
"YoY" or "y-o-y" means year-on-year. 
"wholesale accesses" means accesses Telefónica provides to other companies, who then sell services over 
such accesses to their residential and corporate clients. 
In this Base Prospectus certain comparisons are made in local currency or on a "constant Euro basis" or 
"excluding foreign exchange rate effects" in order to present an analysis of the development of the Group's 
results of operations from year-to-year without the effects of currency fluctuations. To make comparisons 
on a local currency basis, financial items in the relevant local currency are compared for the periods 
indicated as recorded in the relevant local currency for such periods. To make comparisons on a "constant 
Euro basis" or "excluding foreign exchange rate effects" the relevant financial item is converted into Euro 
using the prior year's average Euro exchange rate to relevant local currency exchange rate. In addition, 
certain financial information is presented excluding the effects of Venezuela or Argentina's financial 
information as these are considered hyperinflationary economies. 
Changes in exchange rates 
The change in the average exchange rates against the euro of the main currencies of the countries in which 
the Group operates are shown below: 
Currency 
2022 vs 2021 
2021 vs 2020 
Brazilian real 
17.6% 
(8.8%) 
Pound sterling 
0.8% 
3.4% 
New peruvian sol 
 
13.7% 
(13.2%) 
Chilean peso 
(2.2%) 
0.6% 
Colombian peso 
(0.6%) 
(5.1%) 
Mexican peso 
13.5% 
1.6% 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment or supplement thereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") 
and, in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Instruments, should be read and construed 
together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined herein). 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates, and neither the Arranger, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has 
authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation 
or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Instrument shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date thereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group since 
the date thereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or the statement of financial position date of the most recent 
financial statements and annual accounts which are deemed to be incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus by reference or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same.

--- Page 7 ---
10254442822-v14 
- v - 
70-41051415 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of 
the Instruments in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers 
to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Instruments and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Instruments, see 
"Subscription and Sale". In particular, Instruments and the guarantee thereof have not been and will 
not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") 
and may include Instruments in bearer form which are subject to US tax law requirements. Subject 
to certain exceptions, Instruments may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to US persons. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an 
offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised 
or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Instruments and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Instruments. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Group. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Instruments outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 40,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Instruments denominated 
in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such 
Instruments calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealership Agreement as defined 
under "Subscription and Sale"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Instruments which 
may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealership Agreement. 
This Base Prospectus describes in summary form certain Spanish tax implications and procedures in 
connection with an investment in the Instruments (see "Risk Factors — Risks in relation to Spanish 
Taxation" and "Taxation and Disclosure of Information in Connection with Payments — Taxation in 
the Kingdom of Spain"). Holders of Instruments must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply 
with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Instruments. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for 
any Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules, or investment portfolio mandates (in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Projects). 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the risk factors described on pages 22 and 23 and 
the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent 
financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Instruments before 
deciding to invest.  
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria 
for selecting investments in Eligible Projects, any verification of whether the Eligible Projects meet 
the relevant eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the 
Issuer's website, The SDG Financing Framework and the Second-Party Opinion (if any) for 
information. As described in "Risk Factors – In respect of any Instruments issued as SDG Instruments, 
there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an 
investor.", a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm may be requested to issue 
a second-party opinion confirming that the Eligible Projects have been defined in accordance with 
the broad categorisation of eligibility for green projects as set out by the International Capital 
Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles and/or a second-party opinion regarding the 
suitability of the Instruments as an investment in connection with certain environmental and 
sustainability project. No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of 
the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the

--- Page 8 ---
10254442822-v14 
- vi - 
70-41051415 
 
Second-Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer or any affiliate). Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Instruments 
and is current only as of the date it was issued. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "$", "dollar", "U.S.$" and "US Dollar" are to United States 
dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America, all references to "sterling", "pound 
sterling", "GBP" or "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; all references to "A$" 
are to Australian dollars, the lawful currency of Australia; all references to "Renminbi" and "CNY" 
are Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of The People's Republic of China; references to 
"Venezuelan bolivar" are to Venezuelan bolívares fuertes, the lawful currency of Venezuela; 
references to "Argentinian peso" are to the Argentinian peso, the lawful currency of Argentina; 
references to the "Colombian peso" are to the Colombian peso, the lawful currency of Colombia; 
references to "Peruvian soles" are to the Peruvian nuevo sol, the lawful currency of Peru; references 
to "Hong Kong dollar" are to the Hong Kong dollar, the lawful currency of Hong Kong; references 
to the "Japanese Yen" are to the Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan; references to 
"Brazilian real" or "reais" are to the Brazilian real, the lawful currency of Brazil; references to "S$" 
are to the Singaporean dollar, the lawful currency of Singapore; and all references to "Euro", 
"EUR" and "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the Euro, as amended. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Instruments, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Instruments or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Instruments at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Instruments is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Instruments and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Instruments. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition 
of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended 
or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act, as amended ("FSMA") 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU)

--- Page 9 ---
10254442822-v14 
- vii - 
70-41051415 
 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the 
Instruments pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the 
Instruments being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant 
Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend titled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but otherwise 
none of the Arranger, the Dealers and any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MiFIR 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any 
of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Instruments may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are "accredited investors" (as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)) and are "permitted clients" (as defined in National Instrument 31-
103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations). Any resale of the 
Instruments must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada might provide a Canadian investor with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment hereto) contains a 
misrepresentation; provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the investor within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the investor's province or territory. The investor

--- Page 10 ---
10254442822-v14 
- viii - 
70-41051415 
 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of its province or territory for 
particulars of these rights and/or consult with a legal adviser. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 11 ---
10254442822-v14 
- ix - 
70-41051415 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................. 27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS ........................................................................ 36 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ......................................................................................................................... 86 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 91 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 103 
TELEFÓNICA EMISIONES, S.A.U. ...................................................................................................... 105 
TELEFÓNICA, S.A. ................................................................................................................................ 106 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS ...... 135 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 145 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 151

--- Page 12 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 1 - 
70-41051415 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Instruments is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Instruments, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the 
Instruments, the business of the Group and the industry(ies) in which the Group operates, together with all 
other information contained in this Base Prospectus including, in particular, the risk factors described 
below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Instruments but are the material risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe to be the 
most relevant to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the 
Instruments. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Group that are not known to the Group as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, or that the Group deems immaterial as at such date, may individually 
or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on Telefónica's business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Instruments may 
decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether 
an investment in the Instruments is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and 
their personal circumstances. 
The risk factors set out below are applicable to the Issuer, as a member of the Telefónica Group, and to the 
Guarantor. 
The Telefónica Group is affected by a series of risk factors that affect exclusively the Group, as well as a 
series of external factors that are common to businesses of the same sector. The main risks and uncertainties 
faced by Telefónica, which could affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash 
flows are set out below and must be considered jointly with the information set out in the Group's financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the "Consolidated Financial Statements"). 
These risks are currently considered by the Telefónica Group to be material, specific and relevant in making 
an informed investment decision in respect of the Company. However, the Telefónica Group is subject to 
other risks that have not been included in this section based on the Telefónica Group's assessment of their 
specificity and materiality based on the Telefónica Group's assessment of their probability of occurrence 
and the potential magnitude of their impact. The assessment of the potential impact of any risk is both 
quantitative and qualitative considering, among other things, potential economic, compliance, reputational 
and environmental, social and governance ("ESG") impacts. 
The Telefónica Group, taking into account the global risks identified by the World Economic Forum, as 
well as the increase in legal information requirements and the expectations of stakeholders in this area, 
monitors risks directly related to sustainability, as well as other risks with potential impact on ESG, 
highlighting those most relevant in the context of Telefónica's operation, including the adaptation to ESG 
expectations and information requirements and climate change. 
Risks are presented in this section grouped into four categories: 
- Business; 
- Operational; 
- Financial; and 
- Legal and compliance. 
These categories are not presented in order of importance. However, within each category, the risk factors 
are presented in descending order of importance, as determined by Telefónica at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Telefónica may change its vision about their relative importance at any time, especially if new 
internal or external events arise. 
Risks related to the Business Activities. 
Telefónica's competitive position in some markets could be affected by the evolution of competition and 
market consolidation. 
The Telefónica Group operates in highly competitive markets and it is possible that the Group may not be 
able to market its products and services effectively or respond successfully to the different commercial

--- Page 13 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 2 - 
70-41051415 
 
actions carried out by its competitors, causing it to not meet its growth and customer retention plans, thereby 
jeopardising its future revenues and profitability. 
The reinforcement of competitors, the entry of new competitors (either new players or providers of OTT 
Services), or the merger of operators in certain markets, (for example, market consolidation in the United 
Kingdom following a potential merger of mobile operators Vodafone UK and Three UK), may affect 
Telefónica's competitive position, negatively affecting the evolution of its revenues and market share or 
increasing its costs. In addition, changes in competitive dynamics in the different markets in which the 
Telefónica Group operates, such as in Chile, Colombia, Peru, Mexico and Argentina, where there are 
aggressive customer acquisition offers, including unlimited data and discounts on certain services, among 
others, can affect the competitive position and the efficiency of Telefónica's operations. 
If Telefónica is not able to successfully face these challenges, the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or cash flows could be adversely affected. 
The Group requires government concessions and licences for the provision of a large part of its services 
and the use of spectrum, which is a scarce and costly resource. 
The telecommunications sector is subject to laws and sector-specific regulations. The fact that the Group's 
business is highly regulated affects its revenues, operating income before depreciation and amortisation 
("OIBDA") and investments. 
Many of the Group's activities (such as the provision of telephone services, Pay TV, the installation and 
operation of telecommunications networks, etc.) require licences, concessions or authorisations from 
governmental authorities, which typically require that the Group satisfies certain obligations, including 
minimum specified quality levels, and service and coverage conditions. If the Telefónica Group breaches 
any of such obligations it may suffer consequences such as economic fines or other measures that would 
affect the continuity of its business. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, the terms of granted licences may 
be modified before the expiration date of such licences or, at the time of the renewal of a licence, new 
enforceable obligations could be imposed or the renewal of a licence could be refused. 
Additionally, the Telefónica Group could be affected by the regulatory actions of antitrust authorities. These 
authorities could prohibit certain actions, such as new acquisitions or specific practices, create obligations 
or impose heavy fines. Any such measures implemented by the antitrust authorities could result in economic 
and/or reputational loss for the Group, in addition to a loss of market share and/or harm to the future growth 
of some of its businesses. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or cash flows of the Group. 
Access to new concessions/ licences of spectrum. 
The Group requires sufficient spectrum to offer its services. The Group's failure to obtain sufficient or 
appropriate spectrum capacity in the jurisdictions in which it operates, or its inability to assume the related 
costs, could have an adverse impact on its ability to maintain the quality of existing services and on its 
ability to launch and provide new services, which may materially adversely affect Telefónica's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
The intention of the Group is to maintain current spectrum capacity and, if possible, to expand it, through 
the participation of the Group in spectrum auctions which are expected to take place in the next few years, 
which will likely require cash outflows to obtain additional spectrum or to comply with the coverage 
requirements associated with some of the related licences. 
In Spain, the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation launched a public consultation on 
the National Frequency Allocation Table, raising the possibility of making available 450 MHz of the 26 
GHz spectrum band to companies, industries and organisations operating in a specific sector, that deploy 
private networks to support their connectivity needs (verticals). This could mean more competition in the 
private corporate network segment. 
In the UK, in May 2022, the Office of Communications ("Ofcom") launched a public consultation on 
opening access to the 26 GHz and 40 GHz bands for mobile use. This is the first of a series of detailed 
consultations on the award, with a process possible towards the end of 2024 at the earliest. The consultation

--- Page 14 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 3 - 
70-41051415 
 
outlines the proposal to offer a range of local and city-wide licences, differentiating between low- and high-
density areas. 
In Latin America, several auction processes are expected in the near term: (i) in Colombia, in December 
2022, the Ministry of Information Technologies and Communications ("MinTIC") asked the industry to 
express their interest in participating in a possible auction for the spectrum that remains available in the 700 
MHz, 1900 MHz and 2500 MHz bands as well as for 5G spectrum (3.5 GHz and 26 GHz bands). In such 
expression of interest, which is non-binding, Telefónica expressed its interest in obtaining spectrum in all 
the proposed bands except 26GHz. In its expression of interest Telefónica also highlighted the need to delay 
all spectrum auctions until the review on the spectrum pricing methodology currently underway is 
completed, and there is an alignment between spectrum cost and its value generation capacity, and until 
measures to avoid an excessive control of this resource by the dominant operator are defined. To date, no 
specific dates have been proposed for an eventual spectrum auction; (ii) in Peru, the authorities have 
indicated their interest in resuming the auction on the 1750 - 1780 MHz, 2150 - 2180 MHz and 2300 - 2330 
MHz bands, but no specific date or conditions have been set for it. With regards to 5G and the spectrum 
auction for the 3.5 GHz and 26 GHz band, the government has not yet taken a decision; and (iii) in 
Argentina, the government has made public its intention to auction 5G spectrum in 2023, but no specific 
date for the process has been published. Pursuant to Resolution 2385/2022 published on 28 December 2022, 
the Ente Nacional de Comunicaciones (Enacom) approved the General Rules for Intelligent and Reliable 
Telecommunications Services that preliminarily sets the conditions for the implementation of 5G in 
Argentina; (iv) in Uruguay, on 28 December 2022 the Executive Power signed the decree authorising an 
auction process for the 3.5 GHz band to occur in the first quarter of 2023. 
Existing licences: renewal processes and modification of conditions for operating services. 
The revocation or failure to renew the Group's existing licences, authorisations or concessions, or any 
challenges or amendments to their terms, could materially adversely affect Telefónica's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
In Spain, and in accordance with the new Telecommunications Act (second transitory provision), 
Telefónica requested the Administration to extend the duration of its spectrum licenses up to a maximum 
of 40 years. 
In Germany, in the allocation procedure for the frequencies at 800 MHz, 1800 MHz and 2.6 GHz, which 
will partially expire at the end of 2025, the Bundesnetzagentur has submitted a position paper for 
consultation as a follow-up to the consultation of orientation points which were connected with an initial 
survey of demand. In the position paper, it considers a spectrum scarcity to be obvious and is considering 
an auction as the award format. In order to reflect the importance of the 800 MHz band for mobile coverage, 
the Bundesnetzagentur proposes a swap in the term of the frequencies to be awarded at 800 MHz with an 
equal amount of 900 MHz frequencies. The frequencies at 900 MHz, 1800 MHz and 2.6 GHz would then 
be auctioned off. The frequencies at 800 MHz would have a term until the end of 2033. Next steps in the 
spectrum allocation procedure in the form of cornerstones and a formal demand survey are expected in the 
first half of 2023. 
In the UK, mobile spectrum licences are generally indefinite in term, subject to an annual fee after a fixed 
period (usually 20 years) from the initial auction. There are no fee decisions now pending until 2033, when 
the fixed term for VMO2's 800 MHz licences will expire. 
With respect to Latin America: 
In Brazil, the Agencia Nacional de Telecomunicações ("ANATEL") approved on 8 February 2021 
Resolution 741/2021 which sets the Regulation for the Adaptation of Fixed Commuted Telephony Service 
("STFC") concessions. ANATEL has presented an estimated value for calculating the migration balancing 
from the concession to the authorisation regime, which will be validated by the Federal Court of Accounts. 
There is a risk that consensus between the parties on the migration calculation may not be reached. In any 
case, if a decision is made by Telefónica not to migrate, the STFC concession held by Telefónica will 
remain in force until 31 December 2025. In addition, Resolution 744/2021 of 8 April 2021 (the "Continuity 
Regulation") establishes that, at the end of the life of the concession contracts, the transfer of the right of 
use of shared-use assets will be guaranteed under fair and reasonable economic conditions, in the event that 
the granting authority or the company that succeeds the provider wishes to make use of these assets to 
maintain the continuity of the provision of STFC under the public regime. In relation to the process that is

--- Page 15 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 4 - 
70-41051415 
 
being carried out before the Federal Court of Accounts, the technical area of the Court proposed the revision 
of the Continuity Regulation's terms so that it provides for the reversion, of the assets to the concessionaires, 
of the assets used in the provision of STFC. This proposal is still subject to deliberation by the Plenary of 
the Court of Accounts. 
In addition, on 8 December 2022, ANATEL revoked Telefónica´s 450 MHz spectrum authorisation (451-
458 MHz and 461-468 MHz) covering the states of Alagoas, Ceará, Minas Gerais, Paraíba, Pernambuco 
Piauí, Rio Grande do Norte, Sergipe and part of São Paulo. The decision was motivated by the fact that 
Telefónica could not provide evidence of service activation in the 450 MHz band as a result of the 
unavailability of a 450 MHz devices ecosystem. The revocation of the spectrum license does not impact 
the services currently provided by Telefónica. 
Furthermore, regarding the extension of the 850 MHz band authorisations, if the legal and regulatory 
requirements are met, ANATEL agreed to extend the current authorisations for the use of radio frequencies 
in Bands A and B, proposing their approval, on a primary basis, until 29 November 2028. However, specific 
conditions for renewal, including those related to the economic valuation criteria and obligations, were 
challenged by the affected service providers (including Telefónica). After ANATEL dismissed the appeals 
filed by the providers, ANATEL referred the case to the federal court of accounts of Brazil ("TCU"), and 
in September 2022, TCU decided that the possibility of successive extensions brought by Law 13.879/19 
should be considered as an exception, applicable only when certain requirements are met (art. 167 of Law 
13.879/19 and article 12 of decree 10.402/20). Telefónica appealed that decision, defending the successive 
extension of licences as a rule and not as an exception, in accordance with Law 13.879/19. Additionally, in 
August 2022, when deciding on an extension request made by the provider TIM for the 850 MHz, 900 MHz 
and 1.8 GHz bands, ANATEL issued a decision for the possibility of extending the 900 MHz and 1.8 GHz 
bands only until 2032, when the Agency intends to carry out a refarming action of these bands. This decision 
may impact Telefónica's extension requests for the aforementioned bands. 
In Peru, an arbitration process was started by Telefónica, to challenge the decision adopted by the Ministry 
of Transportation and Communications ("MTC"), denying the renewal of concessions for the provision of 
fixed-line services, valid until 2027, which ended with a favourable award for Telefónica. The award 
recognises that the methodology applied to assess compliance with the concession obligations in the 
concession renewal process was not in accordance with the provisions of the concession contract. The 
MTC, following this award, must issue a new regulation for renewals in a period of time yet to be 
determined. Nevertheless, Telefónica del Perú S.A.A. holds other concessions for the provision of fixed-
line services that allow it to provide these services beyond 2027. The renewal of the 1900 MHz band in all 
of Peru, except for Lima and Callao, which expired in 2018, and of other licences to offer 
telecommunications services were requested by the Group and a decision by the MTC, is still pending. 
Nevertheless, these concessions are valid while the procedures are in progress. 
In Colombia, in 2023, Telefonica will have to renew 30 MHz of spectrum in the AWS band. The spectrum 
renewal process has not been initiated. 
In Argentina, in connection with Decree of Necessity and Urgency 690/2020 ("DNU 690/2020"), 
Telefónica de Argentina S.A. and Telefónica Móviles Argentina S.A. (collectively, "Telefónica 
Argentina") filed a lawsuit against the Argentine State, in relation to a series of contracts for licences to 
provide services and spectrum use authorisations entered into between Telefónica Argentina and the 
Argentine State, including the licences resulting from the 2014 spectrum auction. These contracts and their 
regulatory framework stated that the services provided by Telefónica Argentina were private and prices 
would be freely set by Telefónica Argentina. However, DNU 690/2020, by providing that the services will 
be "public services" and that prices will be regulated by the Argentine State, substantially modifies the legal 
status of those contracts, affecting the compliance with their obligations and substantially depriving 
Telefónica Argentina of essential rights derived from those contracts. The lawsuit filed by Telefónica 
Argentina was rejected in September 2021 and Telefónica Argentina appealed this decision. On 17 
December 2021, the first instance ruling was revoked and the application of articles 1, 2, 3, 5 and 6 of DNU 
690/2020 and Resolutions 1666/2020, 204/2021 and 1467/2020 (relating to the control of tariffs and the 
universal basic service) was suspended for six months or until the final decision is adopted. On 10 June 
2022, the Federal Contentious Administrative Court extended the precautionary suspension of the effects 
of DNU 690/2020 for an additional six months in Telefónica's favour. On 27 December 2022, the Federal 
Contentious Administrative Court extended the precautionary suspension of the effects of DNU 690/2020 
for another six months in Telefónica´s favor. During this period, Telefónica Argentina will not be subject 
to the provisions contained in the DNU 690/2020 in relation to price and public service regulations.

--- Page 16 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 5 - 
70-41051415 
 
In Ecuador, Telefónica will seek to renew in 2023 the concession contract that authorises the provision of 
telecommunication services and includes the spectrum licences (25 MHz in the 850 MHz band and 60 MHz 
in the 1900 MHz band). 
During 2022, the Group's consolidated investment in spectrum acquisitions and renewals amounted to 
EUR 173 million, mainly due to the acquisition of spectrum in Colombia (compared to EUR 1,704 million 
in 2021, mainly due to the acquisition of spectrum in Brazil and the United Kingdom, and to EUR 126 
million in 2020). In the event that the licences mentioned above are renewed or new spectrum is acquired, 
it would involve additional investments by Telefónica. 
Further information on certain key regulatory matters affecting the Telefónica Group and the concessions 
and licences of the Telefónica Group can be found in Appendix VI of the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements. 
Telefónica could be affected by disruptions in the supply chain or international trade restrictions, or by 
the dependency on its suppliers. 
The existence of critical suppliers in the supply chain, especially in areas such as network infrastructure, 
information systems or handsets with a high concentration in a small number of suppliers, poses risks that 
may affect Telefónica's operations. In the event that a participant in the supply chain engages in practices 
that do not meet acceptable standards or does not meet Telefónica's performance expectations (including 
delays in the completion of projects or deliveries, poor-quality execution, cost deviations or reduced output 
due to the suppliers own stock shortfalls), this may harm Telefónica's reputation, or otherwise adversely 
affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Further, in certain countries, 
Telefónica may be exposed to labor contingencies in connection with the employees of such suppliers. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group depended on three handset suppliers (none of them located in China) 
and seven network infrastructure suppliers (two of them located in China), which, together, accounted for 
81 per cent. and 80 per cent., respectively, of the aggregate value of contracts awarded in the year ended 
31 December 2022 to handset suppliers and network infrastructure suppliers, respectively. One of the 
handset suppliers represented 40 per cent. of the aggregate value of contracts awarded in the year ended 31 
December 2022 to handset suppliers. 
If suppliers cannot supply their products to the Telefónica Group within the agreed deadlines or such 
products and services do not meet the Group's requirements, this could hinder the deployment and 
expansion plans of the network. This could in certain cases affect Telefónica's compliance with the terms 
and conditions of the licences under which it operates, or otherwise adversely affect the business and 
operating results of the Telefónica Group. In addition, the possible adoption of new protectionist measures 
in certain parts of the world, including as a result of trade tensions between the United States and China, 
and/or the adoption of lockdown or other restrictive measures as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or 
any other crisis or pandemic, as well as those derived from geopolitical tensions such as the current war in 
Ukraine, could disrupt global supply chains or may have an adverse impact on certain of Telefónica's 
suppliers and other players in the industry. The semiconductor industry in particular is facing various 
challenges, as a result mainly of supply problems at a global level, which in turn is affecting multiple sectors 
(including technology) through delivery delays and price increases, which could affect the Telefónica 
Group or others who are relevant to its business, including its customers, suppliers and partners. During 
2020, 2021 and 2022 a specific monitoring has been carried out and action plans have been developed by 
the Group with respect to the supply chain challenges resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the armed 
conflict in Ukraine as well as the potential discontinuation of use of some suppliers as a result of tensions 
between the United States and China. 
The imposition of trade restrictions and any disruptions in the supply chain, such as those related to 
international transport, could result in higher costs and lower margins or affect the ability of the Telefónica 
Group to offer its products and services and could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Telefónica operates in a sector characterised by rapid technological changes and it may not be able to 
anticipate or adapt to such changes or select the right investments to make. 
The pace of innovation and Telefónica's ability to keep up with its competitors is a critical issue in a sector 
so affected by technology such as telecommunications. In this sense, significant additional investments will

--- Page 17 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 6 - 
70-41051415 
 
be needed in new high-capacity network infrastructures to enable Telefónica to offer the features that new 
services will demand, through the development of technologies such as 5G or fiber. 
New products and technologies are constantly emerging that can render products and services offered by 
the Telefónica Group, as well as its technology, obsolete. In addition, the explosion of the digital market 
and the entrance of new players in the communications market, such as mobile network virtual operators 
("MNVOs"), internet companies, technology companies or device manufacturers, could result in a loss of 
value for certain of the Group's assets, affect the generation of revenues, or otherwise cause Telefónica to 
have to update its business model. In this respect, revenues from traditional voice businesses are shrinking, 
while new sources of revenues are increasingly derived from connectivity and digital services. Examples 
of these services include video, Internet of Things ("IoT"), cybersecurity, big data and cloud services. 
One of the technologies currently being developed by telecommunications operators, including Telefónica 
(in Spain and Latin America), is the new FTTx type networks which allow the offering of broadband 
accesses over fiber optics with high performance. However, the deployment of such networks, in which the 
copper of the access loop is totally or partially replaced by fiber, requires high levels of investment. As of 
31 December 2022, in Spain, fiber coverage reached 28.0 million premises. There is a growing demand for 
the services that these new networks can offer to the end customer. However, the high levels of investment 
required by these networks result in the need to continuously consider the expected return on investment, 
and no assurance can be given that these investments will be profitable. 
In addition, the ability of the Telefónica Group's IT systems (operational and backup) to adequately support 
and evolve to respond to Telefónica's operating requirements is a key factor to consider in the commercial 
development, customer satisfaction and business efficiency of the Telefónica Group. While automation and 
other digital processes may lead to significant cost savings and efficiency gains, there are also significant 
risks associated with such transformation processes. Any failure by the Telefónica Group to develop or 
implement IT systems that adequately support and respond to the Group's evolving operating requirements 
could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash 
flows. 
The changes outlined above force Telefónica to continuously invest in the development of new products, 
technology and services to continue to compete effectively with current or future competitors. Any such 
investment may reduce the Group's profit and margins and may not lead to the development or 
commercialisation of successful new products or services. To contextualise the Group's total research and 
development effort, the total expenditure in 2022 was EUR 656 million (EUR 835 million in 2021, with 
the year-on-year change being impacted by deconsolidation of the entities that comprised our former 
Telefónica United Kingdom segment in June 2021, and EUR 959 million in 2020) representing 1.6 per 
cent. of the Group's revenues (2.1 and 2.2 per cent. in 2021 and 2020, respectively). These figures have 
been calculated using the guidelines established in the Organization for Economic Co-operation and 
Development ("OECD") manual. 
If Telefónica is not able to anticipate and adapt to the technological changes and trends in the sector, or to 
properly select the investments to be made, this could negatively affect the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
The Telefónica Group's strategy which is focused on driving new digital businesses and providing data-
based services involves exposure to risks and uncertainties arising from data privacy regulation. 
The Telefónica Group's commercial portfolio includes products and/or services which are based on the use, 
standardisation and analysis of data, as well as the deployment of advanced networks and the promotion of 
new technologies related to Big Data, cloud computing, cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence and IoT. 
The large amount of information and data that is processed throughout the Group (related to approximately 
383.1 million accesses associated with telecommunications services, digital products and services and Pay 
TV as of 31 December 2022 and an average number of employees of 102,563 in 2022), increases the 
challenges of complying with privacy regulations. Moreover, there is a risk that measures adopted in 
response to these regulations may stifle innovation. Conversely, the Group's efforts to promote innovation 
may result in potential increased compliance privacy risks and, where applicable, costs. 
Telefónica is subject to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of April 2016, 
on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement

--- Page 18 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 7 - 
70-41051415 
 
of such data ("GDPR"), whose content has become the common standard for all countries where the 
Telefónica Group operates. In addition, progress continues to be made on the proposal for a future European 
regulation concerning the respect for privacy and protection of personal data in electronic communications 
("e-Privacy Regulation"), which would repeal Directive 2002/58/EC. If approved, this proposal could 
establish additional and more restrictive rules than those established in the GDPR, with the consequent 
increase in the risks and costs that this could entail for Telefónica. 
Moreover, considering that the Telefónica Group operates its business on a global scale, it frequently carries 
out international data transfers concerning its customers, users, suppliers, employees and other data subjects 
to countries outside the EEA that have not been declared to have an adequate level of data protection by 
the European Commission, either directly or through third parties. In this context, it is particularly relevant 
to have the necessary controls in place to ensure that such international data transfers are carried out in 
accordance with the GDPR, in an environment marked by uncertainty on this issue as to the adequate and 
effective measures to mitigate such risks. 
One of the relevant contractual measures to ensure the lawfulness of international data transfers to any 
country outside the EEA not found by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data 
protection, is the signing, between the data importer and the data exporter, of the new standard contractual 
clauses ("SCC") approved by the European Commission according to Implementing Decision (EU) 
2021/914 of 4 June 2021. These new SCC, which entered into force on 27 June 2021, repeal the old SCC 
and include a modular set of clauses for their application according to the data processing role of both the 
exporter and the importer. Furthermore, the entry into force of the new SCC obliges companies that are 
going to use them for their transfers to assess and adopt additional measures deemed appropriate for the 
due protection of the data transferred to the third country. This is because SCC, in general, according to the 
Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU), are not sufficient for this purpose, as the public authorities 
of the third country, in accordance with their local regulations, may have the power to access or request 
access to the data transferred. The additional measures to be adopted are mainly technical such as data 
encryption and derive in particular from the impact analysis of each transfer and the country of destination, 
all following the guidelines issued by the European Data Protection Board in its Recommendations 
01/2020. Furthermore, the adoption of the new SCC by the European Commission as the main legal tool 
for transfers, obliges companies to replace the old SCC, as the old SCC ceased to be legally valid at the end 
of 2022 in accordance with the aforementioned Implementing Decision. The implementation of the new 
SCC and their module structure and dispositive parts, which need to be negotiated between data exporters 
and importers, the obligaton to assess and analyze each international transfer, the changing nature of the 
local regulations of the countries of destination, as well as the obligation to renew all agreements that 
include the old SCC, pose a challenge for the Group and, with it, a potential risk of non-compliance in the 
performance of international data transfers in accordance with the GDPR. 
With regard to the international data transfer to the United States of America, on 7 October 2022, the U.S. 
President signed an executive order directing the steps that the United States will take to implement the 
U.S. commitments to improve the European Union–U.S. Data Privacy Framework in light of the judgment 
of the CJEU C-311/18. In connection with this U.S. initiative, the European Commission published in 
December 2022 a draft adequacy decision that would facilitate the transfer of data to the United States of 
America, which, like its predecessors, the International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the EU-U.S. 
Privacy Shield, is based on a self-regulatory approach, whereby U.S. companies that undertake to comply 
with the principles set out in the Privacy Framework will be able to self-certify as "adequate undertakings". 
They will thus be able to import data from the EU to the U.S. if they commit to providing an adequate level 
of protection to the data transferred. 
While this represents an improvement in the regulatory landscape for international data transfers and the 
risks associated with them, the approval of this new adequacy decision for the United States is subject to 
the non-binding review by the European Data Protection Committee and the Civil Liberties Committee of 
the European Parliament, as well as the mandatory and binding approval by the Member States in the 
Council, which is not expected to occur until mid-2023. 
In addition, the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union on 1 January 2021 means that the Group 
must monitor how its operations and business in the United Kingdom are affected in terms of applicable 
privacy regulations and, specifically, the flow of data to and from the United Kingdom. The European 
Commission declared the United Kingdom as a country with an adequate level of data protection according 
to the Adequacy Decision of 28 June 2021. Accordingly, entities that transfer data between both territories 
will not be required to adopt additional tools or measures for international transfers. The Adequacy Decision

--- Page 19 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 8 - 
70-41051415 
 
establishes an initial period of validity of four years, which may be extended only if the United Kingdom 
demonstrates that it continues to ensure an adequate level of data protection. In this regard, since European 
Union regulations no longer apply in the United Kingdom, the UK government has published a draft reform 
of its local privacy and data protection regulations in June 2022, which, if it finally passes through 
parliamentary procedures and is approved, aims to update these regulations to address new technological 
challenges and business opportunities in the use of data. The result and approval of this amendment could 
impact the Telefónica Group's business in the United Kingdom and the aforementioned international data 
transfers to and from the United Kingdom, either because additional regulatory restrictions or impositions 
are imposed that reduce the capacity for innovation and the development of new services and products, or 
because the European Union authorities consider that the United Kingdom is no longer a country with an 
adequate level of data protection, in which case the Telefónica Group may face similar challenges and risks 
as it is currently facing with respect to data transfers to the United States or other territories not declared as 
having an adequate level of protection. 
In Latin America, Law No. 13,709 in Brazil imposes standards and obligations similar to those required by 
the GDPR, including a sanctioning regime which is in force from August 2021, with fines for non-
compliance of up to 2 per cent. of the Group's income in Brazil in the last financial year subject to a limit 
of 50 million Brazilian reais (approximately EUR 9.1 million based on the exchange rate as of 31 December 
2022) per infraction which may increase compliance risks and costs. In addition, in 2022 the Brazilian data 
protection authority, Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANPD), became an independent agency 
not linked to the presidency of the Republic, thus providing it with additional autonomy to develop its 
control and supervision functions. 
Furthermore, in Ecuador, the Organic Law on Data Protection has entered into force, aligned with the 
principles of the European GDPR, although the effectiveness of the sanctioning regime is postponed for a 
two-year adaptation period which ends in 2023. In addition, Argentina has ratified Convention 108+, which 
is an international treaty of the Council of Europe which is open to accession by any state outside Europe, 
and which regulates the protection of the rights of individuals with regard to the automated processing of 
their data, in a very similar way to the protection granted by virtue of the GDPR. Likewise, in Chile and 
other territories in the region where Telefónica operates, there are regulatory proposals to bring regulation 
more in line with the provisions set forth in the GDPR, which may increase compliance risks and costs. 
Data privacy protection requires careful design of products and services, as well as robust internal 
procedures and rules that can be adapted to regulatory changes where necessary, all of which entails 
compliance risk. Failure to maintain adequate data security and to comply with any relevant legal 
requirements could result in the imposition of significant penalties, damage to the Group's reputation and 
the loss of trust of customers and users. 
Telefónica's reputation depends to a large extent on the digital trust it is able to generate among its 
customers and other stakeholders. In this regard, in addition to any reputational consequences, it is 
important to note that, in the European Union, very serious breaches of the GDPR may entail the imposition 
of administrative fines of up to the larger of EUR 20 million or 4 per cent. of the infringing company's 
overall total annual revenue for the previous financial year. Furthermore, once it is approved, the e-Privacy 
Regulation may set forth sanctions for breaches of it similar to those provided for in the GDPR. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or cash flows of the Group. 
Telefónica may not anticipate or adapt in a timely manner to changing customer demands and/or new 
ethical or social standards, which could adversely affect Telefónica's business and reputation. 
To maintain and improve its position in the market vis-à-vis its competitors, it is vital that Telefónica: 
(i) anticipates and adapts to the evolving needs and demands of its customers, and (ii) avoids commercial 
or other actions or policies that may generate a negative perception of the Group or the products and services 
it offers, or that may have or be perceived to have a negative social impact. In addition to harming 
Telefónica's reputation, such actions could also result in fines and sanctions. 
In order to respond to changing customer demands, Telefónica needs to adapt both (i) its communication 
networks and (ii) its offering of digital services.

--- Page 20 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 9 - 
70-41051415 
 
The networks, which had historically focused on voice transmission, are evolving into increasingly flexible, 
dynamic and secure data networks, replacing, for example, old copper telecommunications networks with 
new technologies such as fiber optics, which facilitate the absorption of the exponential growth in the 
volume of data demanded by the Group's customers. 
In relation to digital services, customers require an increasingly digital and personalised experience, as well 
as a continuous evolution of the Group's product and service offering. In this sense, new services such as 
"Smart Wi-Fi", "Connected Car", "Smart Cities", "Smart Agriculture" and "Smart Metering" which 
facilitate certain aspects of the Group's customers' digital lives, are being developed. Furthermore, new 
solutions for greater automation in commercial services and in the provision of the Group's services are 
being developed, through new apps and online platforms that facilitate access to services and content, such 
as new video platforms that offer both traditional Pay TV, video on demand or multi-device access. 
However, there can be no assurance that these and other efforts will be successful. For example, if streaming 
television services, such as Netflix or others, become the principal way television is consumed to the 
detriment of the Group's Pay TV service, the Group's revenues and margins could be affected. 
In the development of all these initiatives it is also necessary to take into account several factors: firstly, 
there is a growing social and regulatory demand for companies to behave in a socially responsible manner, 
and, in addition, the Group's customers are increasingly interacting through online communication 
channels, such as social networks, in which they express this demand. Telefónica's ability to attract and 
retain clients depends on their perceptions regarding the Group's reputation and behaviour. The risks 
associated with potential damage to a brand's reputation have become more relevant, especially due to the 
impact that the publication of news through social networks can have. 
If Telefónica is not able to anticipate or adapt to the evolving needs and demands of its customers or avoid 
inappropriate actions, its reputation could be adversely affected, or it could otherwise have an adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Group. 
 
Operational Risks. 
Information technology is key to the Group's business and is subject to cybersecurity risks. 
The risks derived from cybersecurity are among the Group's most relevant risks due to the importance of 
information technology to its ability to successfully conduct operations. Despite advances in the 
modernisation of the network and the replacement of legacy systems in need of technological renewal, the 
Group operates in an environment increasingly prone to cyber-threats and all of its products and services 
are intrinsically dependent on information technology systems and platforms that are susceptible to 
cyberattacks. Successful cyberattacks could prevent the effective provision, operation and 
commercialisation of products and services in addition to affecting their use by customers. Therefore, it is 
necessary to continue to identify and remedy any technical vulnerabilities and weaknesses in the Group's 
operating processes, as well as to strengthen its capabilities to detect, react and recover from incidents. This 
includes the need to strengthen security controls in the supply chain (for example, by focusing on the 
security measures adopted by the Group's providers and other third parties), as well as to ensure the security 
of the services in the cloud. 
Telecommunications companies worldwide face continuously increasing cybersecurity threats as 
businesses become increasingly digital and dependent on telecommunications, computer networks and 
cloud computing technologies. As a result of the circumstances brought by the COVID pandemic, remote 
access and teleworking of employees and collaborators has spread and is now a common practice, 
increasing the use of cloud services; thus, the risks associated with their use, and forcing companies to 
review the security controls beyond the perimeter of the corporate network. Further, the Telefónica Group 
is aware of the possible cybersecurity risks arising from the conflict in Ukraine, monitoring cyberattacks 
that may affect our infrastructure, and maintaining contact with national and international organisations to 
obtain cyberintelligence information, without having so far detected a significant increase in attacks in our 
perimeter compared to other previous periods, though this may change in the future. Cybersecurity threats 
may include gaining unauthorised access to the Group's systems or propagating computer viruses or 
malicious software, to misappropriate sensitive information like customer data or disrupt the Group's 
operations. In addition, traditional security threats, such as theft of laptop computers, data devices and 
mobile phones may also affect the Group along with the possibility that the Group's employees or other

--- Page 21 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 10 - 
70-41051415 
 
persons may have access to the Group's systems and leak data and/or take actions that affect the Group's 
networks or otherwise adversely affect the Group or its ability to adequately process internal information 
or result in regulatory penalties. 
In particular, in the past three years, the Group has suffered several cybersecurity incidents. Attacks during 
this period include (i) intrusion attempts (direct or phishing), exploitation of vulnerabilities and corporate 
credentials being compromised; (ii) Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks, using massive volumes 
of Internet traffic that saturate the service; and (iii) exploitation of vulnerabilities to carry out fraud through 
online channels, usually through the subscription of services without paying for them. None of these 
incidents had material consequences, for the Telefónica Group, but this may change in the future. 
Although Telefónica seeks to manage these risks by adopting technical and organizational measures as 
defined in its digital security strategy, such as the use of early vulnerabilities detection, access control, log 
review of critical systems, and network segregation, as well as the deployment of firewalls, 
intrusion-prevention systems, virus scanners and backup systems, it can provide no assurance that such 
measures are sufficient to avoid or fully mitigate such incidents. Therefore, the Telefónica Group has 
insurance policies in place, which could cover, subject to the policies terms, conditions, exclusions, limits 
and sublimits of indemnity, and applicable deductibles, certain losses arising out of these types of incidents. 
To date, the insurance policies in place have covered some incidents of this nature, however due to the 
potential severity and uncertainty about the evolution of the aforementioned events, these policies may not 
be sufficient to cover all possible losses arising out of these risks. 
Climate change, natural disasters and other factors beyond the Group's control may result in physical 
damage to our technical infrastructure that may cause unanticipated network or service interruptions or 
quality loss, or otherwise affect the Group's business. 
Climate change, natural disasters and other factors beyond the Group's control, such as system failures, lack 
of electric supply, network failures, hardware or software failures, theft of network elements or cyber-
attacks can damage our infrastructure and affect the quality of, or cause interruption to, the provision of the 
services of the Telefónica Group. 
Further, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns associated with climate change may increase the 
energy consumption of telecommunications networks or cause service disruption due to extreme 
temperature waves, floods or extreme weather events. These changes may cause increases in the price of 
electricity due to, for example, reduction in hydraulic generation as a result of recurrent droughts. Further, 
as a result of global commitments to tackle climate change, new carbon dioxide taxes may be imposed and 
could affect, directly or indirectly, Telefónica, and may have a negative impact on the Group's operations 
results. Telefónica analyses these risks in accordance with the recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD"). 
Network or service interruptions or quality loss or climate-related risks could cause customer 
dissatisfaction, a reduction in revenues and traffic, the realisation of expensive repairs, the imposition of 
sanctions or other measures by regulatory bodies, and damage to the image and reputation of the Telefónica 
Group, or could otherwise have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or cash flows of the Group. 
 
Financial Risks. 
Worsening of the economic and political environment could negatively affect Telefónica's business. 
Telefónica's international presence enables the diversification of its activities across countries and regions, 
but it exposes Telefónica to diverse legislation, as well as to the political and economic environments of 
the countries in which it operates. Any adverse developments in this regard, including inflationary pressures, 
rapid normalization of monetary policy, exchange rate or sovereign-risk fluctuations, as well as growing 
geopolitical tensions, may adversely affect Telefónica's business, financial position, debt management, cash 
flows and results of operations and/or the performance of some or all of the Group's financial indicators. 
Russia's invasion of Ukraine opened a period that has been characterized by extraordinary uncertainty and 
the simultaneous concurrence of multiple negative shocks. Inflationary pressures, arising from bottlenecks 
associated with the rapid recovery from the pandemic, have been exacerbated by two phenomena that are

--- Page 22 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 11 - 
70-41051415 
 
closely related to the Russian invasion; i) the largest energy crisis since 1970s (17.7 per cent. of GDP spent 
on energy in 2022 vs. 10.2 per cent. in 2019 in OECD countries) and ii) the highest increase in world food 
prices in recent history, resulting in inflation rates not seen in the last 40 years. The persistence of shocks 
led inflationary pressures to become more broad-based, with higher costs increasingly being passed through 
to the final prices of other goods and services, leading to strong response from central banks (interest rate 
hikes and liquidity withdrawal) and a significant loss of consumer purchasing power. Further, it is likely 
that the transmission of past increases in energy prices and other imported goods to final prices has not yet 
been completed, which will continue to put some upward pressure in the short term. These inflationary 
pressures have also been contributed to by the increasing wage demands that have been observed at the 
international level, reflecting both the strength of labour markets, especially those of the main developed 
economies, and the prevalence (although to a lesser extent than in the past) of wage indexation mechanisms. 
Moreover, there is a risk that global liquidity reduction and high interest rates could generate greater 
financial volatility leading to episodes of stress, such as those observed in the United Kingdom, especially 
if inflation turns out to be more persistent than previously expected. Also, premature monetary easing by 
central banks could lead to inflationary rebound that could generate a new period of stagflation as in the 
1970s. Going forward, elements that could worsen the effects of the current situation include the escalation 
of the armed conflict and potential disruptions to energy supply and possible further increases in commodity 
prices, with a potential de-anchoring of inflation expectations and higher-than-expected wage demands, 
prolonging and amplifying the inflation-recession scenario. As a result of the above, economic growth is 
expected to decelerate further in the near term, with a significant risk of recession in many parts of the 
world. 
So far, the main European countries where the Group operates have been affected through the price channel 
(higher commodity prices, intermediate inputs and salary costs, among others), as their trade and financial 
exposure is limited. However, in Europe there is concern about the energy situation for both this and next 
winter if climate conditions worsen in the face of a possible gas shortage. Latin America could be affected 
by lower external demand associated with slower global growth, deteriorating terms of and tighter financial 
conditions. 
As of 31 December 2022, the contribution of each segment to Telefónica Group's total assets was as follows: 
Telefónica Spain 25.5 per cent. (22.9 per cent. as of 31 December 2021), VMO2 9.8 per cent. (11.1 per 
cent. as of 31 December 2021), Telefónica Germany 17.5 per cent. (18.3 per cent. as of 31 December 2021), 
Telefónica Brazil 22.7 per cent. (19.7 per cent. as of 31 December 2021) and Telefónica Hispam 14.5 per 
cent. (14.3 per cent. as of 31 December 2021). Part of the Group's assets are located in countries that do not 
have an investment grade credit rating (in order of importance, Brazil, Argentina, Ecuador and Venezuela). 
Likewise, Venezuela and Argentina are considered countries with hyperinflationary economies in 2022 and 
2021. 
The main risks are detailed by geography below: 
In Europe, there are several risks of an economic and political nature. First, the development of the armed 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine constitutes the main risk factor on growth and inflation prospects. 
Any worsening of the supply of gas, oil or food (such as the total shutdown of flows from Russia) would 
have a negative impact on their prices with a consequent impact on disposable income. In the medium term, 
this could lead to a stronger pass-through to final consumer prices, which could result in higher-than-
expected wage increases, a persistent rise in inflation expectations and an even tighter monetary policy. All 
of the above would be added to the economic risks existing prior to the conflict, such as the consequences 
of an increase in the cost of financing conditions, both for the private and public sectors (more accelerated 
than expected a few months ago) which could trigger episodes of financial stress. Finally, there is a risk of 
financial fragmentation in the transmission of monetary policy in the Eurozone, which means that interest 
rates may react differently in different countries across the Eurozone, leading to differences in the yields of 
bonds issued by peripheral countries (such as Spain) and those issued by central countries, which would 
make access to credit more difficult for the former. 
• 
Spain: there are several local sources of risks. One of them stems from the risk that supply 
disruptions will have a more persistent negative economic impact than expected, and high 
commodity prices and/or the emergence of second round effects, prolonging the inflationary 
episode with a deeper impact on household income. Secondly, and although the disbursement of 
European funds (NGEU) appears to be gaining traction, further delays or even designing flaws 
could limit their final impact on GDP growth and employment. In addition, as one of the most open 
countries in the world, from a commercial point of view, being among the top ten countries in

--- Page 23 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 12 - 
70-41051415 
 
respect of capital outflows and inflows globally, the rise of protectionism and trade restrictions 
could have significant implications. Lastly, the impact of rising interest rates could be a source of 
financial stress due to high public indebtedness and lead to a possible correction in the real estate 
market. 
• 
Germany: in the short term, the main sources of risk relate to the country's energy supply (as 35 
per cent. of energy came from Russia before the conflict) and the prolongation of bottlenecks in 
the supply of raw materials and intermediate goods in the manufacturing sector, which could 
continue to limit the expansion of economic activity. Among the risks associated with energy 
supply, there is a risk of unusually low temperatures that could lead to higher gas consumption 
requirements and may affect the ability to secure necessary gas supplies. On the other hand, there 
is concern that higher-than-expected wage growth could lead to a stronger inflationary cycle. As 
for the medium to long term, there is a risk that a potential escalation of geopolitical tensions could 
reduce international trade, with a consequent impact on the country's potential growth, which is 
dependent on exports. In addition, long-term challenges remain, such as the aging of the population. 
• 
United Kingdom: an intensification of inflationary pressures could weigh on consumption and 
further depress economic growth. In particular, there is a concern that wage growth could lead to 
a further increase in the prices of goods and services, preventing inflation rates from normalizing 
as quickly as anticipated. On the other hand, although the UK economy has few direct trade links 
with Russia and Ukraine, it is vulnerable to developments in the global energy market as it is the 
second European economy with the largest share of gas in the energy mix. In addition, Britain 
imports gas and electricity from the European continent during the coldest months, so a confluence 
of an abnormally cold winter and a cut-off of Russian gas to Europe could lead to energy shortages. 
On the political front, recent social polarization could detract political capital from the incoming 
executive, becoming another source of uncertainty in the short to medium term. Finally, the formal 
exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union on 31 December 2020 (Brexit) has created 
new barriers to trade in goods and services, mobility and cross-border exchanges, which will entail 
an economic adjustment in the medium term. Northern Ireland's post-Brexit status and the 
difficulties associated with the implementation of the Northern Ireland Protocol will continue to 
be a source of tension. 
In Latin America, the exchange risk is moderate but may increase in the future. The end of electoral events 
and rapid central bank actions to contain inflation may, at least partially, limit the impact of external risks 
(global trade tensions, abrupt movements in commodity prices, concerns about global growth, tightening 
U.S. monetary policy and financial imbalances in China) and internal risks (managing the monetary 
normalisation and the possible underlying fiscal deterioration). 
• 
Brazil: fiscal sustainability remains the main domestic risk, especially considering the recent 
approval of extraordinary spending of ~2 per cent. of GDP by 2023. The new administration's 
initial signals are towards greater economic interventionism, the repeal of the spending cap and the 
review of the privatization agenda. Political negotiations could be affected by social polarization. 
Uncertainty now centres on the unknown economic guidelines for the coming years of the new 
government, including the definition of a new fiscal rule, expenditure increase and the economic 
reform agenda. Given this context, domestic asset prices, including the exchange rate, continue to 
show high volatility. In addition, higher fiscal risks have also affected inflation expectations, which 
have increased since December 2022, remaining above the targets for the monetary policy's 
relevant horizon (2023 and 2024). In this regard, there is a risk that interest rates will be above the 
levels expected a few months ago, which would imply a downward bias for GDP growth in 2023. 
• 
Argentina: macroeconomic and exchange rate risks remain high. The main domestic challenges 
are achieving political consensus to reduce the public deficit and rebuilding international reserves 
in a context of high inflation, in order to allow the country to meet the targets agreed with the 
International Monetary Fund. On the external front, a global slowdown resulting in lower demand 
for exported products and their prices would imply lower hard currency inflows, which would 
increase vulnerability to volatility in international financial markets. Finally, the application of 
unorthodox price control measures and increasing foreign exchange restrictions could affect 
Telefónica's profitability. 
• 
Chile, Colombia and Peru: these countries are exposed not only to changes in the global economy, 
given their vulnerability and exposure to changes in commodity prices, but also to tightening of

--- Page 24 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 13 - 
70-41051415 
 
global financial conditions. On the domestic side, existing political instability and the possibility 
of further social unrest and the resurgence of populism could have a negative impact in both the 
short and medium term. In this regard, measures that result in excessive growth in public spending 
that jeopardize fiscal balance could have a negative impact on sovereign credit ratings, further 
deteriorating local financing conditions. High inflation threatens to be more persistent than 
expected, which would limit central banks' ability to respond to an abrupt drop in activity levels 
and would also increase the risk on financial stability. In political terms, uncertainty prevails both 
in Chile, due to the new constituent process underway, and in Colombia, due to the impact that the 
tax and pension reforms promoted by the President may have on private investment. In Peru, 
political instability could continue despite the installation of the new government due to the lack 
of support both in chambers and at the grassroots level. 
As discussed above, the countries where the Group operates are generally facing significant economic 
uncertainties and, in some cases, political uncertainties. The worsening of the economic and political 
environment in any of the countries where Telefónica operates may materially adversely affect the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
The Group has and in the future could experience impairment of goodwill, investments accounted for 
by the equity method, deferred tax assets or other assets. 
In accordance with current accounting standards, the Telefónica Group reviews on an annual basis, or more 
frequently when the circumstances require it, the need to introduce changes to the book value of its goodwill 
(which as of 31 December 2022, represented 16.8 per cent. of the Group's total assets), investments 
accounted for by the equity method (which represented 10.6 per cent. of the Group's total assets as of 31 
December 2022), deferred tax assets (which as of 31 December 2022, represented 4.5 per cent. of the 
Group's total assets), or other assets, such as intangible assets (which represented 11.0 per cent. of the 
Group's total assets as of 31 December 2022), and property, plant and equipment (which represented 21.6 
per cent. of the Group's total assets as of 31 December 2022). In the case of goodwill, the potential loss of 
value is determined by the analysis of the recoverable value of the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-
generating units) to which the goodwill is allocated at the time it is originated, and such calculation requires 
significant assumptions and judgment. In 2022, impairment losses in other assets of Telefónica Argentina 
were recognized for a total of EUR 77 million. In 2021 impairment losses in the goodwill of Telefónica del 
Perú were recognised for a total of EUR 393 million and in 2020 impairment losses in the goodwill and 
other assets of Telefónica Argentina were recognized for a total of EUR 894 million. 
In addition, Telefónica may not be able to realise deferred tax assets on its statement of financial position 
to offset future taxable income. The recoverability of deferred tax assets depends on the Group's ability to 
generate taxable income over the period for which the deferred tax assets remain deductible. If Telefónica 
believes it is unable to utilise its deferred tax assets during the applicable period, it may be required to 
record an impairment against them resulting in a non-cash charge on the income statement. By way of 
example, in 2021 deferred tax assets corresponding to the tax Group in Spain amounting to EUR 294 million 
were derecognised (EUR 101 million in 2020). 
Further impairments of goodwill, deferred tax assets or other assets may occur in the future which may 
materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash 
flows. 
The Group faces risks relating to its levels of financial indebtedness, the Group's ability to finance itself, 
and its ability to carry out its business plan. 
The operation, expansion and improvement of the Telefónica Group's networks, the development and 
distribution of the Telefónica Group's services and products, the implementation of Telefónica's strategic 
plan and the development of new technologies, the renewal of licences and the expansion of the Telefónica 
Group's business in countries where it operates, may require a substantial amount of financing. 
The Telefónica Group is a relevant and frequent issuer of debt in the capital markets. As of 31 December 
2022, the Group's gross financial debt amounted to EUR 39,079 million (EUR 42,295 million as of 31 
December 2021), and the Group's net financial debt amounted to EUR 26,687 million (EUR 26,086 million 
as of 31 December 2021). As of 31 December 2022, the average maturity of the debt was 13.1 years (13.6 
years as of 31 December 2021), including undrawn committed credit facilities.

--- Page 25 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 14 - 
70-41051415 
 
A decrease in the liquidity of Telefónica, or a difficulty in refinancing maturing debt or raising new funds 
as debt or equity could force Telefónica to use resources allocated to investments or other commitments to 
pay its financial debt, which could have a negative effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Funding could be more difficult and costly to obtain in the event of a deterioration of conditions in the 
international or local financial markets due, for example, to monetary policies set by central banks, 
including increases in interest rates and/or decreases in the supply of credit, increasing global political and 
commercial uncertainty and oil price instability, or if there is an eventual deterioration in the solvency or 
operating performance of Telefónica. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group's gross financial debt scheduled to mature in 2023 amounted to EUR 
4,020 million, and gross financial debt scheduled to mature in 2024 amounted to EUR 2,010 million. 
In accordance with its liquidity policy, Telefónica has covered its gross debt maturities for the next 12 
months with cash and credit lines available as of 31 December 2022. As of 31 December 2022, the 
Telefónica Group had undrawn committed credit facilities arranged with banks for an amount of EUR 
11,737 million (EUR 11,434 million of which were due to expire in more than 12 months). Liquidity could 
be affected if market conditions make it difficult to renew undrawn credit lines. As of 31 December 2022, 
2.6 per cent. of the aggregate undrawn amount under credit lines was scheduled to expire prior to 31 
December 2023. 
In addition, given the interrelation between economic growth and financial stability, the materialisation of 
any of the economic, political and exchange rate risks referred to above could adversely impact the 
availability and cost of Telefónica's financing and its liquidity strategy. This in turn could have a negative 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Finally, any downgrade in the Group's credit ratings may lead to an increase in the Group's borrowing costs 
and could also limit its ability to access credit markets. 
The Group's financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if it does not 
effectively manage its exposure to interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. 
Interest rate risk arises primarily in connection with changes in interest rates affecting: (i) financial expenses 
on floating-rate debt (or short-term debt likely to be renewed); (ii) the value of long-term liabilities at fixed 
interest rates; and (iii) financial expenses and principal payments of inflation-linked financial instruments, 
considering interest rate risk as the impact of changes in inflation rates. 
In nominal terms, as of 31 December 2022, 88 per cent. of the Group's net financial debt had its interest 
rate set at fixed interest rates for periods of more than one year. The effective cost of interest payments for 
the last 12 months was 3.86 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 compared to 3.77 per cent. as of 31 December 
2021. To illustrate the sensitivity of financial expenses to variations in short-term interest rates as of 31 
December 2022: (i) a 100 basis point increase in interest rates in all currencies in which Telefónica had a 
financial position at that date would have led to an increase in financial expenses of EUR 34 million, 
whereas (ii) a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates in all currencies (even if negative rates are reached), 
would have led to a reduction in financial expenses of EUR 34 million. For the preparation of these 
calculations, a constant position equivalent to the position at that date is assumed of net financial debt. 
Exchange rate risk arises primarily from: (i) Telefónica's international presence, through its investments 
and businesses in countries that use currencies other than the euro (primarily in Latin America and the 
United Kingdom); (ii) debt denominated in currencies other than that of the country where the business is 
conducted or the home country of the company incurring such debt; and (iii) trade receivables or payables 
in a foreign currency to the currency of the company with which the transaction was registered. According 
to the Group's calculations, the impact on results, and specifically on net exchange differences, due to a 10 
per cent. depreciation of Latin American currencies against the U.S. dollar and a 10 per cent. depreciation 
of the rest of the currencies to which the Group is most exposed, against the euro would result in exchange 
gains of EUR 11 million as of 31 December 2022 and a 10 per cent. appreciation of Latin American 
currencies against the U.S. dollar and a 10 per cent. appreciation of the rest of the currencies to which the 
Group is most exposed, would result in exchange losses of EUR 11 million as of 31 December 2022. These 
calculations have been made assuming a constant currency position with an impact on profit or loss for 
2022 taking into account derivative instruments in place.

--- Page 26 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 15 - 
70-41051415 
 
In 2022, the evolution of exchange rates positively impacted the Group's results, increasing the year-on-
year growth of the Group's consolidated revenues and OIBDA by an estimated 4.5 percentage points and 
3.0 percentage points, respectively, mainly due to the evolution of the Brazilian real (negative impact of 
2.3 percentage points and 2.7 percentage points, respectively, in 2021). Furthermore, translation differences 
as of 31 December 2022 had a positive impact on the Group's equity of EUR 1,169 million (EUR 4,088 
million as of 31 December 2021). 
The Telefónica Group uses a variety of strategies to manage this risk including, among others, the use of 
financial derivatives, which are also exposed to risk, including counterparty risk. The Group's risk 
management strategies may be ineffective, which could adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. If the Group does not effectively manage its exposure to 
foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates, it may adversely affect its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Legal and Compliance Risks. 
Telefónica and Telefónica Group companies are party to lawsuits, antitrust, tax claims and other legal 
proceedings. 
Telefónica and Telefónica Group companies operate in highly regulated sectors and are and may in the 
future be party to lawsuits, tax claims, antitrust and other legal proceedings in the ordinary course of their 
businesses, the outcome of which is unpredictable. 
The Telefónica Group is subject to regular reviews, tests and audits by tax authorities regarding taxes in 
the jurisdictions in which it operates and is a party and may be a party to certain judicial tax proceedings. 
In particular, the Telefónica Group is currently party to certain tax and regulatory proceedings in Brazil, 
primarily relating to the ICMS (a Brazilian tax on telecommunication services) and the corporate tax. 
Telefónica Brazil maintained provisions for tax contingencies amounting to EUR 446 million and 
provisions for regulatory contingencies amounting to EUR 336 million as of 31 December 2022. In 
addition, Telefónica Brazil faces possible tax contingencies for which no provisions are made (see Note 
25-Tax Litigation in Telefónica Brazil, to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Further, the Group makes 
estimates for its tax liabilities that the Group considers reasonable, but if a tax authority disagrees, the 
Group could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. There can be no guarantee any 
payments related to such contingencies or in excess of our estimates will not have a significant adverse 
effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. In addition to 
the most significant litigation indicated above, further details on these matters are provided in Note 25 and 
29 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The details of the provisions for litigation, tax sanctions and 
claims can be found in Note 24 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Telefónica Group is also party to certain litigation in Peru concerning certain previous years' income taxes 
in respect of which Telefónica has been notified that the judicial resolutions which resolve the contentious 
administrative processes are unfavorable to the Group and will require it to pay taxes related to prior years. 
At the end of the relevant proceedings, the Tax Administration, through an administrative act, will 
determine the amount of the payment obligation. The estimated impact of the aforementioned judicial 
resolutions is already provisioned in Telefónica's financial statements, with the total provision as of 31 
December 2022 amounting to 3,849 million Peruvian soles (approximately EUR 945 million at the 
exchange rate at such date). 
An adverse outcome or settlement in these or other proceedings, present or future, could result in significant 
costs and may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and/or cash flows. 
Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders, evolving reporting and other legal 
obligations and compliance with the Company's own goals regarding ESG matters, may expose the 
Company to various risks. 
The Telefónica Group may be unable to adapt to or comply with increasingly demanding expectations from 
analysts, investors, customers and other stakeholders and new regulatory reporting or other legal 
requirements related to ESG issues. Further, expectations and requirements may differ from region to

--- Page 27 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 16 - 
70-41051415 
 
region, may be based on diverging calculation or other criteria and may experience material changes as 
they still are at their emerging phase. 
Further, the Group's disclosure of information on its ESG objectives and initiatives in its public reports and 
other communications (including its CO2 emission reduction targets) subjects it to the risk that it will fail 
to achieve these objectives and initiatives. 
Although Telefónica is working to comply with new ESG reporting requirements, to achieve its objectives, 
and to meet the expectations of its stakeholders in these matters, if the Company is unable to meet these 
expectations, fails to adequately address ESG matters or fails to achieve the reported objectives (including 
its CO2 emission reduction targets), the Telefónica Group's reputation, its business, financial position, 
results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
The Telefónica Group is exposed to risks in relation to compliance with anti-corruption laws and 
regulations and economic sanctions programmes. 
The Telefónica Group is required to comply with the anti-corruption laws and regulations of the 
jurisdictions where it conducts operations around the world, including in certain circumstances with laws 
and regulations having extraterritorial effect such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and 
the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010. The anti-corruption laws generally prohibit, among other 
conduct, providing anything of value to government officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining 
business or securing any improper business advantage or failing to keep accurate books and records and 
properly account for transactions. 
In this sense, due to the nature of its activities, the Telefónica Group is increasingly exposed to this risk, 
which increases the likelihood of occurrence. In particular, it is worth noting the continuous interaction 
with officials and public administrations in several areas, including the institutional and regulatory fronts 
(as the Telefónica Group carries out a regulated activity in different jurisdictions), the operational front (in 
the deployment of its network, the Telefónica Group is subject to obtaining multiple activity permits) and 
the commercial front (the Telefónica Group provides services directly and indirectly to public 
administrations). Moreover, Telefónica is a multinational group subject to the authority of different 
regulators and compliance with various regulations, which may be domestic or extraterritorial in scope, 
civil or criminal, and which may lead to overlapping authority in certain cases. Therefore, it is very difficult 
to quantify the possible impact of any breach, bearing in mind that such quantification must consider not 
only the economic amount of sanctions, but also the potential negative impact on the business, reputation 
and/or brand, or the ability to contract with public administrations. 
Additionally, the Telefónica Group's operations may be subject to, or otherwise affected by, economic 
sanctions programmes and other forms of trade restrictions ("sanctions") including those administered by 
the United Nations, the European Union, the United States, including by the U.S. Treasury Department's 
Office of Foreign Assets Control and the United Kingdom. The sanctions regulations restrict the Group's 
business dealings with certain sanctioned countries, territories, individuals and entities and may impose 
certain trade restrictions, among others, export and/or import trade restrictions to certain good and services. 
In this context, the provision of services by a multinational telecommunications group, such as the 
Telefónica Group, directly and indirectly, and in multiple countries, requires the application of a high 
degree of diligence to prevent the contravention of sanctions (which take various forms, including economic 
sanctions programmes applicable to countries, territories, lists of entities and persons sanctioned or certain 
trade restrictions). Given the nature of its activity, the Telefónica Group's exposure to these sanctions is 
particularly noteworthy. 
Although the Group has internal policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the above 
mentioned applicable anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations, there can be no assurance that such 
policies and procedures will be sufficient or that the Group's employees, directors, officers, partners, agents 
and service providers will not take actions in violation of the Group's policies and procedures (or, otherwise 
in violation of the relevant anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations) for which the Group, its 
subsidiaries or they may be ultimately held responsible. In this regard, the Group is currently cooperating 
with governmental authorities (and, where appropriate, conducting the relevant internal investigations) 
regarding requests for information potentially related, directly or indirectly to possible violations of 
applicable anti-corruption laws. Telefónica believes that, considering the size of the Group, any potential 
penalty as a result of matters relating to those specific information requests would not materially affect the 
Group's financial condition.

--- Page 28 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 17 - 
70-41051415 
 
Notwithstanding the above, violations of anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations could lead not only 
to financial penalties, but also to exclusion from government contracts, licences and authorisations 
revocation, and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, or otherwise adversely affect 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Risks relating to withholding. 
Risks in relation to Spanish taxation 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are required to receive certain information relating to the Instruments. If such 
information is not received by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in a timely manner, the Issuer 
will be required to apply Spanish withholding tax to any payment of income in respect of the relevant 
Instruments. 
Provided that the special tax regime contained under the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014 applies 
to the Instruments, in accordance with article 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, payments of income in 
respect of the Instruments will be made without withholding tax in Spain provided that the Instruments are 
originally registered in a non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity recognised by Spanish legislation or 
by the legislation of another OECD country and that the Issue and Paying Agent provides the Issuer and 
the Guarantor in a timely manner with a certificate containing certain information relating to the Instruments 
in the Spanish language substantially in the form set out in Exhibit I, attached hereto. 
This information must be provided by the Issue and Paying Agent to the Issuer and the Guarantor, before 
the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments) 
immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or of any amounts in respect 
of the early redemption of the Instruments (each a "Payment Date") is due. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Issue and Paying Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the 
collection of information concerning the Instruments. If, despite these procedures, the relevant information 
is not received by the Issuer and the Guarantor on each Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold tax at the 
then-applicable rate (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the 
relevant Instruments. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will pay any additional amounts with respect to 
any such withholding. 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement provides that the Issue and Paying Agent will, to the extent 
applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to deliver the required information concerning the 
Instruments to the Issuer and the Guarantor in a timely manner. See "Taxation and Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with Payments — Taxation in the Kingdom of Spain — Information about the 
Instruments in Connection with Payments". 
These procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented, among other reasons, to reflect a change in 
applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or an administrative interpretation thereof. None of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers assumes any responsibility therefor. 
Risks Relating to Subordinated Instruments. 
The Issuer's obligations under any Subordinated Instruments will be subordinated. 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Instruments specified in the Final Terms as being subordinated will 
be unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and, in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer, will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present and future 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer, except for subordinated obligations pursuant to 
Articles 281.1.3º to 281.1.7º of the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Decree 
1/2020, of 5 May (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") and subordinated obligations prescribed by law to, and 
subordinated obligations which are expressed to, rank junior to the Subordinated Instruments. By virtue of 
such subordination, payments to a Holder of Subordinated Instruments will, in the event of the insolvency 
(concurso) of the Issuer only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from higher ranking claims 
have been satisfied. A Holder of Subordinated Instruments may therefore recover less than the holders of 
unsubordinated or other subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. Although subordinated debt securities may 
pay a higher rate of interest than comparable debt securities which are not subordinated, there is a real risk 
that an investor in subordinated securities such as any Subordinated Instruments will lose all or some of his 
investment should the Issuer become insolvent.

--- Page 29 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 18 - 
70-41051415 
 
Subordinated Instruments will be guaranteed on a subordinated basis. 
The Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee in relation to Subordinated Instruments will be unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Guarantor. In the event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor 
under Spanish Insolvency Law, the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee in respect of Subordinated 
Instruments will rank pari passu with all other present and future contractually subordinated obligations of 
the Guarantor, except for subordinated obligations pursuant to Articles 281.1.3º to 281.1.7º of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law, subordinated obligations prescribed by law to, and subordinated obligations which are 
expressed to rank junior to, the Guarantee. 
Holders of any Subordinated Instruments are advised that if (and until) the claim of the Holders against the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee is payable and enforceable and Holders serve a demand of payment or 
enforce the guarantee claim, such claim may be classified as a contingent claim (crédito contingente) and 
the related rights of the Holders shall be suspended until the claim ceases to be a contingent claim and 
unsubordinated liabilities of the Guarantor may also arise out of events that are not reflected on the balance 
sheet of the Guarantor including, without limitation, the issuance of guarantees on an unsubordinated basis. 
Claims made under such guarantees will become unsubordinated liabilities of the Guarantor that in the 
insolvency of the Guarantor will need to be paid in full before the obligations under the Guarantee may be 
satisfied. 
Risks arising in connection with the Spanish insolvency law. 
Law 16/2022, of 5 September (Ley 16/2022, de 5 de septiembre, de reforma del texto refundido de la Ley 
Concursal) has amended the Spanish Insolvency Law. The main aim of this amendment is to implement 
the restructuring framework required by Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 June 2019 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge 
of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (Directive on restructuring and insolvency). In addition, 
it has introduced other important changes to the insolvency proceedings in Spain. The amendments to the 
Spanish Insolvency Law came into force, subject to certain exceptions, on 26 September 2022. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law regulates insolvency proceedings (which are court-supervised), as opposed to 
out-of-court liquidation (which, pursuant to Spanish corporate law, is only available when the debtor has 
sufficient assets to meet its liabilities or in specific situations regulated under the Spanish Insolvency Law). 
The Spanish full-blown insolvency proceeding (bankruptcy), which is referred to as "concurso de 
acreedores", applies to all persons or entities (save for limited exceptions specifically contemplated in the 
Spanish Insolvency Law). These procedures may lead either to reorganisation, through the implementation 
of an agreement between the creditors and the debtor (convenio) or to the liquidation of the debtor's assets. 
A debtor (and in the case of a company, its directors) is required to apply for insolvency proceedings when 
it is not able to meet its current obligations (insolvencia actual) within the term of two months as from the 
moment that it knows that it is insolvent or as from the moment it should have known it is insolvent. The 
debtor is also entitled to apply for such insolvency proceedings when it expects that it will be unable to do 
so within the next three months (insolvencia inminente). In addition, the new law introduced the concept of 
"likelihood of insolvency" (probabilidad de insolvencia), which is when it is objectively foreseeable that 
the debtor will be unable to regularly fulfil its obligations that fall due in the next two years. 
Insolvency proceedings are available as a type of legal protection that the debtor may request in order to 
avoid the attachment of certain of its assets by its creditors. In addition, a restructuring plan before formal 
insolvency proceedings are declared may be reached when the debtor is in actual and imminent insolvency 
or a situation of likely insolvency (probabilidad de insolvencia). 
The court resolution declaring the insolvency proceedings (auto de declaración de concurso) contains an 
express request for the creditors to declare debts owed to them, within a one-month period as from the day 
after the publication of the insolvency proceeding in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del 
Estado), providing documentation to justify such credits. Based on the documentation provided by the 
creditors and that is held by the debtor, the court receivers draw up an inventory and a list of acknowledged 
creditors and classify them according to the categories established under law: (i) debts against the 
insolvency estate; (ii) debt benefiting from special privileges; (iii) debt benefiting from general privileges; 
(iv) ordinary debt; and (v) subordinated debt.

--- Page 30 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 19 - 
70-41051415 
 
As a general rule, insolvency proceedings are not compatible with other enforcement proceedings. When 
compatible, in order to protect the interests of the debtor and creditors, the law extends the jurisdiction of 
the court dealing with insolvency proceedings, which is, then, legally authorised to handle any enforcement 
proceedings or interim measures affecting the debtor's assets (whether based upon civil, labour or 
administrative law). 
Holders of Subordinated Instruments should be aware (i) of the effects of a declaration of insolvency 
(declaración de concurso) of the Guarantor set out above; (ii) that their claims against the Guarantor would 
therefore be subordinated behind other classes of creditor set out above; and (iii) subordinated creditors 
may not vote on an arrangement and have very limited chances of collection, according to the ranking 
established by the Spanish Insolvency Law. In addition, a restructuring plan may be approved in connection 
with the Guarantor so that, subject to compliance with the Spanish Insolvency Law, their credits against 
the Guarantor could be subject to a haircut or a standstill. 
The general duty to file for bankruptcy within the aforementioned two-month period does not apply if the 
debtor notifies the applicable court that it has initiated negotiations with its creditors to obtain support for 
a restructuring plan, as set out in Articles 585 et seq. of the Spanish Insolvency Law. Effectively, by means 
of the pre-insolvency filing, on the top of those two months, the debtor gains an additional three-months 
period (or up to six months, if extended) as from the date when the debtor gives such notice, to achieve a 
restructuring plan with its creditors and one further month to file for bankruptcy, if after the above 
mentioned period of three months (or of six months if extended) has elapsed without an agreement being 
reached and the situation of insolvency persists. During that period (i.e., 3 months, or 6 months if an 
extension is granted) enforcement actions are stayed, subject to certain exceptions and conditions. 
Additionally, while the effects of pre-insolvency are in force, according to the amended Spanish Insolvency 
Law, directors' legal duty to wind up the company in the event of a capital impairment situation (i.e., its net 
equity is below a half of its share capital) is suspended. 
A plan may be negotiated if the debtor is in a situation of likely, actual or imminent insolvency. 
Under the Spanish Insolvency Law, the effects of a restructuring plan can be imposed on all types of 
creditors and claims (subject to specific and limited exceptions), including trade creditors, one or multiple 
classes of creditors and, with certain exceptions, even the debtor's shareholders. Public creditors can only 
be subject to the plan if very strict requirements are complied with. In particular, claims held by public 
creditors (e.g., tax authorities, and the Social Security) cannot be subject to a haircut, debt-for-equity swap, 
change of debtor or change of governing law. 
Risks Relating to the Instruments. 
There is no active trading market for the Instruments. 
Instruments issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and 
for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Instruments which is already 
issued). If the Instruments are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor. Although applications have been 
made for the Instruments issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such applications will be 
accepted, that any particular Tranche of Instruments will be so admitted or that an active trading market 
will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market 
for any particular Tranche of Instruments which may result in holders of the Instruments being unable to 
sell Instruments on a timely basis, or without incurring a loss on their investment. 
Floating Rate Instruments. 
Investments in Instruments that bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin 
to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Instruments but there could be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Instruments may

--- Page 31 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 20 - 
70-41051415 
 
be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of such Instruments upon the next periodic adjustment 
of the relevant reference rate. 
The Instruments may be redeemed prior to maturity. 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Instruments the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Instruments 
are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the 
Instruments at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as 
high as that of the relevant Instruments. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Instruments linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU.  Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the UK.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, could have a material impact on any Instruments linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark 
rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes 
could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  More broadly, any of the international, national 
or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase 
the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area.  On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area.  The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019.  Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain 
as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
€STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement-Independent Adviser)), or result in 
adverse consequences to holders of any Instruments linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate 
Instruments whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to 
reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such 
benchmark during the term of the relevant Instruments, the return on the relevant Instruments and the 
trading market for securities (including the Instruments) based on the same benchmark.

--- Page 32 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 21 - 
70-41051415 
 
The Conditions of the Instruments provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as EURIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
other successor service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative or a Benchmark Event or a 
Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such an 
event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Instruments.  Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or 
an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in 
accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) 
to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such 
adjustments to the Instruments may not achieve this objective.  Any such changes may result in the 
Instruments performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original 
benchmark continued to apply.  In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Instruments based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Instruments. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Instruments linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Instruments. 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Instruments that reference risk-free rates issued 
under this Programme.  The Issuer may in the future also issue Instruments referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Instruments issued by it under this Programme.  
The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Instruments that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Instruments referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate instruments issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Instruments, will gain widespread market 
acceptance.  In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free 
rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a 
designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant 
risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Instruments, the trading price of such

--- Page 33 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 22 - 
70-41051415 
 
Instruments linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Instruments referencing indices that 
are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Instruments which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history. 
Risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a 
compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, 
whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are 
unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that 
risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the 
Instruments.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, 
and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of 
SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  
The level of such rates during the term of the Instruments may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  
Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Instruments which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors 
in Instruments which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be 
payable on such Instruments, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Instruments 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Instruments.  
Further, in contrast to Instruments linked to interbank offered rates, if Instruments referencing backwards-
looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 7 (Events of 
Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Rate payable in respect of such Instruments shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which the Instruments become due and payable or are scheduled for 
redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index. 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Instruments 
will apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of Instruments when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
In respect of any Instruments issued as SDG Instruments, there can be no assurance that such use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Instruments may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of such Instruments specifically for 
projects and activities that promote climate-friendly, other environmental, sustainable and social purposes 
("Eligible Projects"). No assurance will be given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers that the use

--- Page 34 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 23 - 
70-41051415 
 
of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Projects) and may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU 
Taxonomy), the operative provisions of which are due to enter into force over the course of 2022 and 2023). 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of such Instruments for 
Eligible Projects and to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as described in "Use of Proceeds" 
and the SDG Framework, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any 
such Eligible Projects will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, 
accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use an amount equal to the proceeds for such Eligible Projects 
as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible Projects will be completed as expected or 
achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. 
None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds of such Instruments or to report 
on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) 
an opinion or certification in connection with such Instruments or the failure of such Instruments to meet 
investors' expectations requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels will 
constitute an event of default or breach of contract with respect to any such Instruments. 
A failure of such Instruments to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply an amount equal to the 
proceeds for Eligible Projects, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or 
certification, such Instruments ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange 
or securities market as aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible 
Projects as anticipated, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Instruments and/or may 
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainable assets (which 
consequences may include the need to sell such Instruments as a result of such Instruments not falling 
within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
In the event that any such Instruments are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Eligible Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Instruments or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Instruments. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Instruments. 
Because Instruments in global form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor. 
Instruments issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Instruments. Such 
global Instruments will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Instrument, 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Instruments. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the global Instruments. While the Instruments are 
represented by one or more global Instruments, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 35 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 24 - 
70-41051415 
 
While the Instruments are represented by one or more global Instruments the Issuer and the Guarantor will 
discharge their payment obligations under the Instruments by making payments to the common depositary 
or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a global Instrument must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Instruments. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the global Instruments. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the global Instruments will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Instruments. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the global Instruments will not have a direct right under the global Instruments to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer or the Guarantor in the event of a default under the relevant 
Instruments but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Modification, waivers and substitution. 
The Terms and Conditions for each Tranche of Instruments contain provisions for calling meetings of 
holders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all holders including holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The Terms and Conditions for each Tranche of Instruments also 
provide that the parties to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement may, without the consent of holders, 
agree to (i) any modification of the Instruments, the Terms and Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the 
Deed of Covenant that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which is made to correct a manifest error; 
or (ii) any other modification which, in the opinion of such parties, is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Holders. 
Provided the Instruments remain subject to Law 10/2014 at all times, the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) (each a "Substitute Debtor") may also, without the consent of the Holders, 
assume the obligations of the Issuer (or any previous Substitute Debtor) under and in respect of any 
Instruments. Any such substitution will be subject to the conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions 
which include, among other things that no Event of Default, would be triggered by such substitution and 
that if the Substitute Debtor is not the Guarantor, a covenant is provided by the Guarantor in favour of the 
Holders of the relevant Instruments guaranteeing the obligations of the Substitute Debtor. 
Risks relating to Instruments denominated in Renminbi. 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Instruments denominated in Renminbi 
("Renminbi Instruments") are set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Instruments. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China (the "PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated

--- Page 36 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 25 - 
70-41051415 
 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Despite Renminbi internationalisation pilot programmes and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Instruments 
denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Instruments and the Issuer's or Guarantor's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to 
service Renminbi Instruments. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and 
is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business-participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC, 
although the PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market 
for the purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore 
liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for 
limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions 
resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating 
banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi 
from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated, or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Instruments. To the extent the Issuer or the Guarantor is required to source Renminbi in the 
offshore market to service its Renminbi Instruments, there is no assurance that the Issuer or the Guarantor 
will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Instruments is subject to exchange rate risks. 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. 
Recently, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against 
the US dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This 
change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. The Issuer and the Guarantor will make all payments of interest and principal 
with respect to the Renminbi Instruments in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of 
these Renminbi payments in US dollar terms may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates 
in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the US dollar or other foreign currencies, 
the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Instruments in US dollars or other applicable 
foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in the Renminbi Instruments is subject to currency risk. 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the Renminbi Instruments as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined 
in the Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days' 
irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in US 
Dollars on the due date at the US Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or

--- Page 37 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 26 - 
70-41051415 
 
principal, as the case may be. Investors may therefore not receive payments in Renminbi in certain 
circumstances, and may incur costs or delays in exchanging any US Dollar for Renminbi. 
Investment in the Renminbi Instruments is subject to interest rate risks. 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As Renminbi Instruments may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Instruments will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi 
Instruments propose to sell their Renminbi Instruments before their maturity, they may receive an offer 
lower than the amount they have invested. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Instruments may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Instruments. 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Instruments will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Instruments are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any alternative clearing 
system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi 
Instruments are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in 
accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor can be required to 
make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or 
by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Instruments may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax 
laws. 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi 
Instruments by non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income 
tax ("EIT") or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources 
within the PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-
sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments but 
its implementation rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law 
levies IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual 
holder from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within 
the PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual 
holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Instruments. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay PRC 
income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments, unless there is an applicable tax 
treaty between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual holders of 
Renminbi Instruments reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment 
in Renminbi Instruments may be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 38 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 27 - 
70-41051415 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a brief summary only and should be read in conjunction with the rest of this document 
and, in relation to any Instruments, in conjunction with the relevant Final Terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out herein. Copies of Final Terms in relation 
to Instruments to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of the Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
Issuer 
Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
549300Y5MFC4SW5Z3K71 
Guarantor 
Telefónica, S.A. 
Guarantee 
The Guarantor has, in a Deed of Guarantee dated 6 April 2022 (the 
"Guarantee"), unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due and 
punctual payment of all amounts under the Instruments. 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas. 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup 
Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Credit 
Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman 
Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, NatWest 
Markets N.V., Société Générale, UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank 
AG, and any other dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche (as defined below) of Instruments. 
Issue and Paying Agent 
and Principal Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Listing Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch. 
Programme Amount 
EUR 40,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Instruments 
outstanding at any one time (and, for this purpose, any Instruments 
denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date 
of the agreement to issue such Instruments using the spot rate of exchange 
for the purchase of such currency against payment of Euro being quoted 
by the Issue and Paying Agent at the time agreed between the Issuer and 
the Relevant Dealer in respect of the relevant Tranche was made or such 
other rate as the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer may agree). The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of Instruments which may be 
outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealership 
Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale".  
Issuance in Series 
Instruments will be issued in series (each, a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") 
issued on different issue dates. The Instruments of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that (i) the issue date and the amount of 
the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches and (ii) a Series may comprise Instruments in bearer form and 
Instruments in registered form and Instruments in more than one 
denomination. The Instruments of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Instruments in bearer form and Instruments in registered form and may 
comprise Instruments of different denominations.

--- Page 39 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 28 - 
70-41051415 
 
Form of Instruments 
Instruments may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. In respect 
of each Tranche of Instruments issued in bearer form, the Issuer will 
deliver a temporary global Instrument or (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of Instruments to which US Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") applies (as so specified in 
such Final Terms)) a permanent global Instrument. Each such global 
Instrument which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
"Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each such 
global Instrument which is intended to be issued in new global note form 
(a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each temporary global Instrument will be exchangeable for a permanent 
global Instrument or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Instruments in definitive bearer form and/or (in the case of a Series 
comprising both bearer and registered Instruments and if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) in registered form in accordance with its terms. 
Each permanent global Instrument will be exchangeable for Instruments 
in definitive bearer form and/or (in the case of a Series comprising both 
bearer and registered Instruments and if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) in registered form in accordance with its terms. Instruments in 
definitive bearer form will, if interest-bearing, have interest coupons 
("Coupons") attached and, if appropriate, a talon ("Talon") for further 
Coupons attached and will, if the principal thereof is repayable by 
instalments, have a grid for recording the payment of principal endorsed 
thereon or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have payment 
receipts ("Receipts") attached. Instruments in registered form may not be 
exchanged for Instruments in bearer form unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
If the Global Instruments are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be 
issued in NGN form, on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche, 
the Global Instruments will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper and 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be informed whether or not the Instruments are intended to 
be held in a manner to enable them to be considered as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem ("Eurosystem eligible collateral"). 
 
Depositing the Global Instruments intended to be held as Eurosystem 
eligible collateral with a Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean 
that the Instruments will be recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral 
either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. In the case of Instruments 
issued in NGN form which are not intended to be held as Eurosystem 
eligible collateral as of their issue date, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future so that such Instruments are capable of 
meeting the eligibility criteria, such Instruments may then be deposited 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other relevant 
clearing system, as Common Safekeeper. 
Currencies 
Instruments may be denominated in any currency or currencies subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements.

--- Page 40 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 29 - 
70-41051415 
 
Status of Instruments 
Instruments may be issued on a subordinated or unsubordinated basis, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Status of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are either senior or 
unsubordinated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Instruments may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The issue price and the principal amount of the relevant Tranche 
of Instruments will be determined before filing of the relevant Final 
Terms of each Tranche on the basis of the then prevailing market 
conditions. 
Maturities 
Instruments may have any maturity of not less than one month, subject, 
in relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/ or central bank requirements. 
 
Where Instruments have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Instruments is carried out from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Instruments must: 
(i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued 
in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of FSMA by the Issuer. 
Redemption 
Instruments will be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption 
Early redemption will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, be permitted for 
taxation reasons as mentioned in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments — Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons", but will 
otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest 
Instruments may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing, as specified 
in the Final Terms. Interest may accrue at a fixed or floating rate and may 
vary during the lifetime of the relevant Series. 
Denomination 
Instruments will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or, if the Instruments are denominated in a currency other than 
Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the date of issue) in the 
case of Instruments to be admitted to trading on a regulated market as 
defined in Article 4, paragraph 1, point 14 of MiFID II, and in compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. In the event that Condition 1.05(c) is stated in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Clearing Systems will not permit 
trades other than in the denominations specified in the Final Terms or in 
integral multiples thereof.  
Taxation 
Payments in respect of Instruments will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties,

--- Page 41 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 30 - 
70-41051415 
 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will (subject to certain 
exceptions described below) pay such additional amounts as will result in 
the holders of Instruments or Coupons (the "Holders") receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Instruments or 
Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required. In addition 
to certain customary exceptions, no such additional amounts shall be 
payable to: (a) Holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain; and 
(b) on any payment of income under the Instruments if the Issuer or the 
Guarantor does not receive such information from the Issue and Paying 
Agent in a timely manner as may be required in order to comply with the 
applicable Spanish tax reporting obligations (see "Terms and Conditions 
of the Instruments — Taxation" and "Taxation and Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with Payments"). 
Negative Pledge 
The Instruments will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default 
The Instruments will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 7 (Events of Default). 
Information requirements 
under Spanish Tax Law 
Provided that the special tax regime contained under the First Additional 
Provision of Law 10/2014 applies to the Instruments in accordance with 
article 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, income obtained in respect of the 
Instruments will not be subject to withholding tax in Spain, provided that 
the Instruments are originally registered in a non-Spanish clearing and 
settlement entity recognised by Spanish legislation or by the legislation 
of another OECD country and that the Issue and Paying Agent provides 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, in a timely manner, with certain information 
relating to the Instruments. See "Taxation and Disclosure of Information 
in Connection with Payments".  
 
If the Issue and Paying Agent fails to provide the Issuer and the Guarantor 
with the required information described under " Taxation and Disclosure 
of Information in Connection with Payments — Taxation in the Kingdom 
of Spain — Information about the Instruments in Connection with 
Payments" in a timely manner, the Issuer will be required to withhold tax 
and pay income in respect of the relevant Instruments net of the Spanish 
withholding tax applicable to such payments (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, at the rate of 19 per cent.). 
 
If this were to occur, affected Holders will receive a refund of the amount 
withheld, with no need for action on their part, if the Issue and Paying 
Agent submits the required information to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
no later than the 10th calendar day of the month immediately following 
the relevant payment date. In addition, Holders may apply directly to the 
Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will pay additional amounts in 
respect of any such withholding tax. 
 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers, the 
Registrars or any clearing system (including Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) assume any responsibility therefor. 
Governing Law 
The terms and conditions of the Instruments, all related contractual 
documentation and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the terms and conditions of the Instruments and all 
related contractual documentation will be governed by English law. The 
status of the Instruments and of the Guarantee are governed by Spanish

--- Page 42 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 31 - 
70-41051415 
 
law. See "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments — Law and 
Jurisdiction". 
Listing and Trading 
Applications have been made for Instruments issued using this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted during a period of twelve months after the date 
hereof to listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin.  
Terms and Conditions 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" set out herein will be 
applicable to each Series of Instruments issued subject to Law 10/2014. 
Final terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Instruments 
(the "Final Terms"). The terms and conditions applicable to each 
Tranche will be those set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments" as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Enforcement of 
Instruments Global Form 
In the case of Instruments in global form, Holders' rights will be supported 
by a Deed of Covenant dated 6 April 2022, a copy of which will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Issue and Paying 
Agent. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Instruments, any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Instruments and on the distribution of offering material under the laws of 
the United States of America, the United Kingdom, Japan, the EEA 
(including the Kingdom of Spain and Belgium), Australia, Hong Kong, 
the People's Republic of China and Singapore, see "Subscription and 
Sale". Additional restrictions may apply to each Series, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Credit Ratings 
Tranches of Instruments may be rated or unrated and, if rated, such ratings 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Instruments and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Redenomination and 
Exchangeability 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may elect that, 
with effect from the Redenomination Date, the Instruments of that 
Tranche (if the currency of such Tranche is not the Euro) shall be 
redenominated in Euro (if Redenomination is specified) or become

--- Page 43 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 32 - 
70-41051415 
 
exchangeable for Instruments denominated in Euro (if Exchangeability is 
specified). 
Issuer Substitution 
The Conditions include provisions for the substitution of the Issuer, as 
described under Condition 18 (Substitution; Merger, Consolidation, etc. 
Only on Certain Terms).  
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Instruments will either 
be applied by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group to meet part of 
their general financing requirements or to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Projects, in which case the relevant Instruments 
will be identified as "SDG Instruments" in the title of the Instruments in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 44 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 33 - 
70-41051415 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
English language translations of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 including the notes thereto, as set out on pages 3 to 151 of the 
document entitled "Telefónica, S.A. and its subsidiaries – Auditor's Report, Consolidated Annual 
Accounts, and Consolidated Management Report at 31 December 2022", and the auditor's report 
attached 
thereto, 
which 
are 
available 
on 
https://www.telefonica.com/en/wp-
content/uploads/sites/5/2023/02/Consolidated-Annual-Accounts-2022.pdf; 
(2) 
English language translations of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 including the notes thereto, as set out on pages 3 to 150 of the 
document entitled "Telefónica, S.A. and its subsidiaries – Auditor's Report, Consolidated Annual 
Accounts, and Consolidated Management Report at 31 December 2021", and the auditor's report 
attached 
thereto, 
which 
are 
available 
on 
https://www.telefonica.com/en/wp-
content/uploads/sites/5/2022/02/Consolidated-Annual-Accounts-2021.pdf 
(3) 
English language translations of the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2022 including the notes thereto, as set out on pages 1 to 22 of the document entitled 
"Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. Independent auditor's report, Annual Accounts and Management 
Report for the year ended 31 December 2022", and the auditor's report attached thereto, which are 
available 
on 
https://www.telefonica.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2023/03/20230328-
annual-accounts-telefonica-emisiones-2022.pdf; 
 
(4) 
English language translations of the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2021 including the notes thereto, as set out on pages 1 to 25 of the document entitled 
"Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. Independent auditor's report, Annual Accounts and Management 
Report for the year ended 31 December 2021", and the auditor's report attached thereto, which are 
available 
on 
https://www.telefonica.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2022/03/20220323-
Annual-Accounts-Telefonica-Emisiones-2021.pdf 
(5) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments on pages 17 to 46 of the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 
2005 relating to the Programme (the "2005 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/246889/2005_emtn-program.pdf; 
(6) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 19 to 47 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 5 July 2006 relating to the Programme (the "2006 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/246894/11jul06-emtn-program.pdf; 
(7) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 20 to 48 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 3 July 2009 relating to the Programme (the "2009 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/247367/090707_EMTN_July_2009_Base_Prosp
ectus.pdf; 
(8) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 22 to 50 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 23 June 2010 relating to the Programme (the "2010 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/247516/100630_EMTN_June_2010_Base_Prosp
ectus.pdf; 
(9) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 22 to 51 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 20 June 2011 relating to the Programme (the "2011 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/247801/201106020_EMTN_June_2011_Base_Pr
ospectus.pdf; 
(10) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 20 to 49 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 12 June 2012 relating to the Programme (the "2012 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/248092/20120612_Base_Prospectus_EMTN.pdf; 
(11) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 23 to 54 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 12 June 2013 relating to the Programme (the "2013 Conditions"), which are available on

--- Page 45 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 34 - 
70-41051415 
 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/248266/20130612_Base_prospectus_EMTN_jun
io_2013.pdf; 
(12) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 24 to 57 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 10 June 2014 relating to the Programme (the "2014 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/248458/20140610_Prospectus_June_2014.pdf; 
(13) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 27 to 60 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 5 June 2015 relating to the Programme (the "2015 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/248647/20150612_EMTN_june_2015_Base_Pro
spectus.pdf; 
(14) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 25 to 58 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 13 September 2016 relating to the Programme (the "2016 Conditions"), which are available 
on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/114871467/20160913_Programa_EMTN_2016.p
df/6b36c29d-8e5f-4b4c-9cd9-3cec2e1719b7; 
(15) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 25 to 60 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 29 June 2017 relating to the Programme (the "2017 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/6307J_-2017-6-
29.pdf?_ga=2.64858348.2144833970.1552419309-265962326.1552419309; 
(16) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 27 to 64 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 19 June 2018 relating to the Programme (the "2018 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/9044R_1-2018-6-
19.pdf?_ga=2.57075177.2144833970.1552419309-265962326.1552419309; 
(17) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 32 to 70 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 12 April 2019 relating to the Programme (the "2019 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/144985159/20190412-Prospectus-EMTN-
2019.pdf/784d6be5-2fca-f712-7917-f43f3de52c77; 
(18) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments on pages 36 to 73 of the Base Prospectus dated 14 
April 2020 relating to the Programme (the "2020 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/145831833/20200414-Prospectus-EMTN-
2020.pdf/a45243b5-e4c1-c411-23f9-12b1e625e27d; 
(19) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments on pages 30 to 67 of the Base Prospectus dated 15 
April 2021 relating to the Programme (the "2021 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/es/wp-content/uploads/sites/4/2021/08/20210416-Prospectus-
EMTN-2021-1.pdf; and 
(20) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments on pages 34 to 82 of the Base Prospectus dated 6 
April 2022 relating to the Programme (the "2022 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2022/04/20220406-Prospectus-
EMTN-2022.pdf. 
Translations in English have been translated from the original Spanish, and such translations constitute 
direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any discrepancy, the Spanish 
language version of the relevant document prevails. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Instruments shall be outstanding, copies of the 
documents above may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered/head office of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, and in addition, such documents may be viewed on the following website: 
www.telefonica.com. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on such website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any information contained in the documents listed at (1) to (19) (inclusive) above which is not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 35 - 
70-41051415 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and approved by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Instruments, prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Instruments. 
Any documents which are themselves incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus will not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
All documents incorporated by reference have been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 47 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 36 - 
70-41051415 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments which, as completed in relation to any 
Instruments by Part A of the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to each Series of Instruments, provided 
that the text contained herein in italics is included for information and shall not form part of the Terms and 
Conditions: 
The Instruments of each Tranche are constituted by a public deed of issuance (the "Public Deed of 
Issuance") to be executed before a Spanish notary public on or prior to the issue date, and which shall 
contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Instruments. The Instruments are issued 
pursuant to and in accordance with an amended and restated issue and paying agency agreement (as 
amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time, the "Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement") dated 11 April 2023 and made between Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. (the "Issuer"), 
Telefónica, S.A. (the "Guarantor"), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacities as 
Issue and Paying Agent (the "Issue and Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor to 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity as such) and as principal registrar (the 
"Principal Registrar", which expression shall include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch in its capacity as such), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in its 
capacity as alternative registrar (the "Alternative Registrar", which expression shall include any successor 
to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in its capacity as such) and the paying 
agents named therein (the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include the Issue and Paying Agent 
and any substitute or additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement). The Instruments have the benefit of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 6 
April 2022 and executed by the Issuer in relation to the Instruments and a deed of guarantee (the 
"Guarantee") dated 6 April 2022, executed by the Guarantor in favour of the Holders (as defined below). 
Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, 
the Principal Registrar and the Alternative registrar. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of 
obligations under any Instruments shall be deemed to have notice of, and shall be bound by, all of the 
provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant insofar as they relate to 
the relevant Instruments. 
The Instruments are issued in series (each, a "Series"), and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") of Instruments. Each Tranche will be the subject of final terms (each, 
"Final Terms"), a copy of which will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent and/or, as the case may be, the Registrar (as defined in 
Condition 2.02). References in these Terms and Conditions to Instruments are to Instruments of the relevant 
Series and any references to Coupons (as defined in Condition 1.06) and Receipts (as defined in Condition 
1.07) are to Coupons and Receipts relating to Instruments of the relevant Series. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to the Final Terms are to the Final Terms prepared in relation to 
the Instruments of the relevant Tranche or Series. 
For so long as any of the Instruments is represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or Temporary Global 
Instrument (as defined below) held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) (the "Clearing Systems") each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the Holder of a particular nominal amount of such Instruments (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount 
of such Instruments standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Paying Agents as 
the Holder of such nominal amount of such Instruments for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Instruments, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Bearer Instrument in global form or the registered Holder of the relevant Registered 
Instrument in global form shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the Holder 
of such nominal amount of such Instruments in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent Global Instrument and the expression Holder and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In respect of any Instruments, references herein to these Terms and Conditions are to these terms and 
conditions as completed by the Final Terms.

--- Page 48 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 37 - 
70-41051415 
 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
1.01 
Instruments are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Instruments") or in registered form ("Registered 
Instruments"), as specified in the Final Terms, and are serially numbered. Registered Instruments 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Instruments unless the Final Terms specify otherwise. 
Bearer Instruments 
1.02 
The Final Terms shall specify whether US Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the 
"TEFRA D Rules") or US Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") 
shall apply. Each Tranche of Bearer Instruments is represented upon issue by a temporary global 
Instrument (a "Temporary Global Instrument"), unless the Final Terms specifies otherwise or 
the TEFRA C Rules apply. 
Where the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Bearer Instruments specifies that the TEFRA C 
Rules apply, such Tranche is (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) represented upon issue 
by a permanent global Instrument (a "Permanent Global Instrument"). 
Interests in the Temporary Global Instrument may be exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a Permanent Global Instrument; or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, definitive instruments in bearer form ("Definitive 
Instruments") and/or (in the case of a Series comprising both Bearer Instruments and 
Registered Instruments and if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered Instruments. 
Exchanges of interests in a Temporary Global Instrument for Definitive Instruments or, as the case 
may be, a Permanent Global Instrument, will be made only on or after the Exchange Date (as 
specified in the Final Terms) and (unless the Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are 
applicable to the Instruments) provided certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as 
required by US Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global 
Instrument or in such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the relevant 
Clearing System for whose account the Temporary Global Instrument is held) has been received. 
An exchange for Registered Instruments will be made at any time or from such date as may be 
specified in the Final Terms, in each case, without any requirement for certification. 
1.03 
The bearer of any Temporary Global Instrument shall not (unless, upon due presentation of such 
Temporary Global Instrument for exchange (in whole but not in part only) for a Permanent Global 
Instrument or for delivery of Definitive Instruments and/or Registered Instruments, such exchange 
or delivery is improperly withheld or refused and such withholding or refusal is continuing at the 
relevant payment date) be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Instruments represented 
by such Temporary Global Instrument which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled 
to exercise any option on a date after the Exchange Date. 
1.04 
Unless the Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Instruments and are 
subject to Condition 1.03, if any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Instruments of 
a Tranche occurs whilst any of the Instruments of that Tranche are represented by a Temporary 
Global Instrument, the related interest payment will be made on the Temporary Global Instrument 
only to the extent that certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by US 
Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global Instrument or in 
such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the relevant Clearing System for 
whose account the Temporary Global Instrument is held) has been received by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such other relevant Clearing System. Payments of amounts due 
in respect of a Permanent Global Instrument or (subject to Condition 1.03) a Temporary Global 
Instrument (if the Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Instruments) 
will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant Clearing System 
without any requirement for certification. 
1.05 
Interests in a Permanent Global Instrument will be exchanged by the Issuer in whole but not in part 
only for Definitive Instruments and/or (in the case of a Series comprising both Bearer and 
Registered Instruments and if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered Instruments, (a) if an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 7.01) occurs in respect of any Instrument of the relevant

--- Page 49 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 38 - 
70-41051415 
 
Series and the Instruments become due and payable; or (b) if any of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays), announces an intention to cease business 
permanently or in fact does so or announces its intention to withdraw its acceptance of the 
Instruments for clearance and settlement through its system or in fact does so; or (c) if so specified 
in the Final Terms, at the option of the Holder of such Permanent Global Instrument upon such 
Holder's request, in all cases at the cost and expense of the Issuer1. In order to exercise the option 
contained in (c) of the preceding sentence, the Holder must, not less than 45 days before the date 
upon which the delivery of such Definitive Instruments and/or Registered Instruments is required, 
deposit the relevant Permanent Global Instrument with the Issue and Paying Agent at its specified 
office with the form of exchange notice endorsed thereon duly completed. If the Issuer does not 
make the required delivery of Definitive Instruments and/or Registered Instruments by 6.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the day on which the relevant notice period expires or, as the case may be, the 
thirtieth day after the day on which such Permanent Global Instrument becomes due to be 
exchanged and, in the case of (a) above, such Instrument is not duly redeemed (or the funds 
required for such redemption are not available to the Issue and Paying Agent for the purposes of 
effecting such redemption and remain available for such purpose) by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on 
the thirtieth day after the day at which such Instrument became immediately redeemable such 
Permanent Global Instrument will become void in accordance with its terms but without prejudice 
to the rights conferred by the Deed of Covenant. 
1.06 
Interest-bearing Definitive Instruments have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery 
coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest save 
in certain circumstances specified herein. Interest-bearing Definitive Instruments, if so specified 
in the Final Terms, have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery a talon ("Talon") for 
further coupons and the expression "Coupons" shall, where the context so requires, include Talons. 
1.07 
Instruments, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments ("Instalment 
Instruments") which are Definitive Instruments, have endorsed thereon a grid for recording the 
repayment of principal or, if so specified in the Final Terms, have attached thereto at the time of 
their initial delivery, payment receipts ("Receipts") in respect of the instalments of principal. 
Denomination 
Denomination of Bearer Instruments 
1.08 
Bearer Instruments are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is 
integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms (subject to a 
minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 in the case of Instruments to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market as defined in Article 4, paragraph 1, point 21 of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended, (or, if the Instruments are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the date of issue)). Bearer Instruments of one denomination may not 
be exchanged for Bearer Instruments of any other denomination. 
In the event that Condition 1.05(c) is stated in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Clearing Systems will not permit trades other than in the denominations specified in the Final 
Terms or in integral multiples thereof. 
Denomination of Registered Instruments 
1.09 
Registered Instruments are in the minimum denomination specified in the Final Terms (subject to 
a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 in the case of Instruments to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market as defined in Article 4, paragraph 1, point 21 of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended, (or, if the Instruments are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the date of issue)) or integral multiples thereof. 
 
1 
The exchange upon notice option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Instruments 
includes language substantially to the following effect: "EUR100,000 and integral multiples of EUR1,000 in excess thereof up 
to and including EUR199,000". Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issuance of Instruments which is to be represented on issue by a Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for Definitive 
Instruments and/or Registered Instruments.

--- Page 50 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 39 - 
70-41051415 
 
Currency of Instruments 
1.10 
The Instruments are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the Final Terms. Any 
currency may be so specified, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
2. 
Title and Transfer 
2.01 
Title to Bearer Instruments, Receipts and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to the 
"Holders" of Bearer Instruments or of Receipts or Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer 
Instruments or such Receipts or Coupons and shall, in relation to Instruments represented by a 
Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent Global Instrument, be construed as provided above. 
2.02 
Title to Registered Instruments passes by registration in the register which shall be kept by the 
Registrar pursuant to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. For the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions, "Registrar" means, in relation to any Series comprising Registered Instruments, 
the Principal Registrar or, as the case may be, the Alternative Registrar, as specified in the Final 
Terms, provided always that where such Series is listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, "Registrar" shall mean the Registrar with 
its specified office in Luxembourg. References herein to the "Holders" of Registered Instruments 
are to the persons in whose names such Registered Instruments are so registered in the relevant 
register. 
2.03 
The Holder of any Bearer Instrument, Coupon or Registered Instrument will (except as otherwise 
required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be 
liable for so treating such Holder. 
Transfer of Registered Instruments and exchange of Bearer Instruments for Registered Instruments 
2.04 
A Registered Instrument may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part 
is, or is an integral multiple of, the minimum denomination specified in the Final Terms) upon the 
surrender of the Registered Instrument to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar. A new Registered 
Instrument will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered 
Instrument, a new Registered Instrument in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to 
the transferor. 
2.05 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Holder of Bearer Instruments may exchange the same for 
the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Instruments upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. In order to exchange a Bearer 
Instrument for a Registered Instrument, the Holder thereof shall surrender such Bearer Instrument 
at the specified office outside the United States of the Issue and Paying Agent or of the Registrar 
together with a written request for the exchange. Each Bearer Instrument so surrendered must be 
accompanied by all unmatured Receipts and Coupons appertaining thereto other than the Coupon 
in respect of the next payment of interest falling due after the exchange date (as defined in 
Condition 2.06) where the exchange date would, but for the provisions of Condition 2.06, occur 
between the Record Date (as defined in Condition 9B.03) for such payment of interest and the date 
on which such payment of interest falls due. 
2.06 
Each new Registered Instrument to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered Instrument or the 
exchange of a Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument will, within three Relevant Banking 
Days of the transfer date or, as the case may be, the exchange date, be available for collection by 
each relevant Holder at the specified office of the Registrar or, at the option of the Holder 
requesting such exchange or transfer be mailed (by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder(s) 
entitled thereto) to such address(es) as may be specified by such Holder. For these purposes, a form 
of transfer or request for exchange received by the Registrar or the Issue and Paying Agent after 
the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect of Registered Instruments shall be

--- Page 51 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 40 - 
70-41051415 
 
deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar or the Issue and Paying Agent until the day 
following the due date for such payment. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
(i) 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a 
Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument where such request for exchange is made 
to the Issue and Paying Agent, in the place where the specified office of the Issue and 
Paying Agent is located; 
(ii) 
the "exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Bearer Instrument shall have been surrendered for exchange in accordance with 
Condition 2.05; and 
(iii) 
the "transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Registered Instrument shall have been surrendered for transfer in accordance with 
Condition 2.04. 
2.07 
The issue of new Registered Instruments on transfer or on the exchange of Bearer Instruments for 
Registered Instruments will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Issue and 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant 
of such indemnity as the Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent or the Registrar may require in respect 
of) any tax, duty or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
2.08 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Registered Instrument to be registered or a Temporary 
Global Instrument or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Instrument to be exchanged for a 
Registered Instrument (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of 
that Instrument; (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Instruments may be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6.03 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) 
or (iii) after any such Instrument has been drawn for redemption in whole or in part. 
3. 
Status of the Instruments and the Guarantee 
3A 
Status — Unsubordinated Instruments 
This Condition 3A (Status — Unsubordinated Instruments) is applicable in relation to Instruments specified 
in the Final Terms as being unsubordinated or not specified as being subordinated ("Unsubordinated 
Instruments"). 
The Instruments constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (unless they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 
281 of the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 
5 May (the "Spanish Insolvency Law")) in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer will at all times 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, except for such payment obligations that are 
preferred by law under Articles 242, 270 and 280 of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
Interest on the Instruments accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding 
(concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish law, accrual of 
interest on the Instruments shall be suspended from the date of any declaration of insolvency. 
3B 
Status — Subordinated Instruments 
Instruments may be issued on a subordinated basis ("Subordinated Instruments"), as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
The Subordinated Instruments constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present and future contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer, except for

--- Page 52 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 41 - 
70-41051415 
 
subordinated obligations pursuant to Articles 281.1.3º to 281.1.7º of the Spanish Insolvency Law and 
subordinated obligations prescribed by law to, and subordinated obligations which are expressed to, rank 
junior to the Subordinated Instruments. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims relating to 
the Subordinated Instruments will fall within the category of "subordinated debts" (créditos subordinados, 
as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law). The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Instruments, whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise, are subordinated to all other 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. After payment in full of unsubordinated debts, under article 281 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the Issuer will meet such subordinated debts in the following order and on 
a pro rata basis within each class: (i) claims lodged belatedly or inaccurately in the context of insolvency 
proceedings (concurso); (ii) contractually subordinated debt (such as the Subordinated Instruments); (iii) 
certain interest (such as interest due on the Instruments accrued and unpaid until the commencement of the 
insolvency proceedings (concurso)); (iv) fines; (v) claims of creditors which are specially related to the 
Issuer; (vi) debt arising from transactions set aside by Spanish courts in the context of insolvency 
proceedings (rescisión concursal) and in respect of which the court has determined that the relevant 
creditor has acted in bad faith and (vii) credits arising from agreements with reciprocal obligations, as 
referred to in articles 158, 163, 166 and 167 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, whenever the court rules, prior 
to the court receiver´s (administrador concursal) report of insolvency, that the creditor has, on a repetitive 
basis, impeded the performance of the agreement to the detriment of the insolvency proceedings. 
3C 
Status — Unsubordinated Guarantee 
This Condition 3C (Status — Unsubordinated Guarantee) is applicable to all Instruments other than those 
which are specified in the Final Terms as being guaranteed on a subordinated basis. 
3C.01 Pursuant to the Guarantee, the Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due 
payment of all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Instruments. The obligations 
of the Guarantor under the Guarantee (which expression includes any covenant which may be 
given pursuant to Condition 18.01(a)(iii)) constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (subject 
as aforesaid) (unless they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 281 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law) in the event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor will at all times rank 
pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, 
present and future, except for such payment obligations that are preferred by law under Articles 
242, 270 and 280 of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
3C.02 The Guarantor undertakes not to evidence by means of a Spanish Public Document (as defined 
below) any Relevant Indebtedness of the Guarantor or any guarantee or surety given by the 
Guarantor in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness of any other Person unless, not later than one 
day prior thereto, the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are also notarised or 
intervened as aforesaid at the expense of the Guarantor except that the provisions of this Condition 
3C.02 shall not apply to such Relevant Indebtedness which is, pursuant to mandatory provisions 
of the laws of the Kingdom of Spain, required to be notarised or intervened as aforesaid. 
"Spanish Public Document" means a public deed granted before, or a document or instrument witnessed 
by, a Notary (escritura pública otorgada ante, o póliza o efecto intervenido por, Notario). 
From the entry into force of Law 22/2003, of 9 July (Ley 22/2003, de 9 de julio, Concursal), on 1 September 
2004, now replaced by the Spanish Insolvency Law, and in accordance with the Spanish insolvency 
procedures (concurso), creditors whose rights arise from a Spanish Public Document, including Holders, 
do not have a preference to enforce their rights and do not rank ahead of other creditors whose rights may 
be recognised by virtue of a document which is not a Spanish Public Document. 
3D 
Status — Subordinated Guarantee 
Subordinated Instruments will be guaranteed on a subordinated basis. 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee in relation to Subordinated Instruments 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Guarantor and in the event of insolvency 
(concurso) of the Guarantor will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all

--- Page 53 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 42 - 
70-41051415 
 
other present and future contractually subordinated obligations of the Guarantor, except for subordinated 
obligations pursuant to Articles 281.1.3º to 281.1.7º of the Spanish Insolvency Law and subordinated 
obligations prescribed by law to, and subordinated obligations which are expressed to, rank junior to the 
Guarantee. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims relating 
to the Subordinated Guarantee will fall within the category of "subordinated debts" (créditos subordinados, 
as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law). After payment in full of unsubordinated debts, under article 281 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the Guarantor will meet such subordinated debts in the following order and 
pro rata within each class: (i) claims lodged belatedly or inaccurately in the context of insolvency 
proceedings; (ii) contractually subordinated debt (such as the claims under the Subordinated Guarantee); 
(iii) certain interest; (iv) fines; (v) claims of creditors which are specially related to the Guarantor; (vi) 
debt arising from transactions set aside by Spanish courts in the context of insolvency proceedings 
(rescisión concursal) and in respect of which the court has determined that the relevant creditor has acted 
in bad faith; and (vii) credits arising from agreements with reciprocal obligations, as referred to in articles 
158, 163, 166 and 167 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, whenever the court rules, prior to the court receiver´s 
(administrador concursal) report of insolvency, that the creditor has, on a repetitive basis, impeded the 
performance of the agreement to the detriment of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) applies to Unsubordinated Instruments only. 
So long as any of the Instruments of a Series remains outstanding (as defined in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement) each of the Issuer and the Guarantor undertakes that it will not create or have 
outstanding any Encumbrance (as defined below) upon the whole or any part of its assets, present or future, 
in order to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or by any other Person (as defined below) unless (a) such Instruments are equally and rateably 
secured therewith, or (b) such other security is provided as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) of Holders of Instruments of the relevant Series, in 
each case for as long as such Relevant Indebtedness shall be so secured; provided, however, that the 
foregoing restriction shall not apply to any Encumbrance securing Relevant Indebtedness issued or 
guaranteed by the Guarantor, the Issuer or any other Person if the Relevant Indebtedness so secured (i) was 
originally offered, distributed or sold primarily to residents of the Kingdom of Spain, (ii) by its terms 
matures within one year of its date of issue, or (iii) the Encumbrance affects the assets of an entity which, 
when the Encumbrance was created, was unrelated to the Issuer or the Guarantor, and which was 
subsequently acquired by the Issuer or the Guarantor; and provided, further, that nothing in this Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge) shall limit the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to grant or 
permit to subsist Encumbrances over any or all of their respective present or future assets to secure Relevant 
Indebtedness issued or guaranteed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Person, to the extent that the 
aggregate principal amounts so secured do not exceed 5 per cent. of the consolidated net tangible assets (as 
defined below) of the Guarantor, as reflected in the most recent statement of financial position (prepared in 
accordance with IFRS adopted by the European Union at the date of such computation and as applied by 
the Guarantor) prior to the time such Relevant Indebtedness was issued or guaranteed. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, trust, unincorporated organisation or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, pledge, lien or other charge, and "Relevant Indebtedness" means 
any obligation for the payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
a certificate of indebtedness or in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other 
securities which, in any of the above cases, is or are, or is or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or 
traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market. For the purposes of avoiding any doubt 
in respect of asset-backed financings originated by the Issuer or the Guarantor, the expression "obligation 
for the payment of borrowed money" as used in the definition of Relevant Indebtedness does not include 
obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor which, pursuant to the requirements of law and accounting 
principles generally accepted in the Kingdom of Spain need not, and are not, reflected in the balance sheet 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be. 
As used in this Condition 4 (Negative Pledge), "consolidated net tangible assets of the Guarantor" means 
the total amount of assets of the Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries (as defined below), including 
investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, (as defined below) after deduction of (i) goodwill in

--- Page 54 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 43 - 
70-41051415 
 
consolidation and (ii) intangible assets; and "Subsidiary" means any company in respect of which the 
Guarantor owns, directly or indirectly, more than half of the voting rights of the shares of such company, 
or when the Guarantor owns half or less of the voting power but controls such company, i.e. has the power 
to govern the financial and operating policies of such company so as to obtain benefits from its activities. 
5. 
Interest 
Interest 
5.01 
Instruments may be interest-bearing or non interest-bearing, as specified in the Final Terms. Words 
and expressions appearing in this Condition 5 (Interest) and not otherwise defined herein or in the 
Final Terms shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 5.10 (Definitions). 
Interest-bearing Instruments 
5.02 
Instruments which are specified in the Final Terms as being interest-bearing shall bear interest 
from their Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
Floating Rate Instruments – Screen Rate Determination 
5.03 
Other than in respect of Instruments for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is 
specified as the reference rate in the relevant Final Terms, if the Final Terms specifies the Interest 
Rate applicable to the Instruments as being a Floating Rate it shall also specify which page (the 
"Relevant Screen Page") on the Reuters Screen or any other information vending service shall be 
applicable. If such a page is so specified, the Interest Rate applicable to the relevant Instruments 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate (or, as the case may require, the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten thousandth of a percentage point, 
0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the Reference Rates) in the relevant currency for a 
period of the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate so appears for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period or if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate or rates 
in accordance with the process specified in the paragraphs below of this Condition 5.03 
(Floating Rate Instruments – Screen Rate Determination) as if such rate(s) were the 
Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, no such Reference Rate so appears (or, as the case 
may be, if fewer than two such Reference Rates so appear) or if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will request appropriate quotations of the Reference 
Rate and will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates (being the 
nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) at which deposits 
in the relevant currency are offered by four major banks in the London interbank market

--- Page 55 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 44 - 
70-41051415 
 
or, in the case of Instruments denominated or payable in Euro, the Euro zone interbank 
market (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms), selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Euro zone interbank market in the case of EURIBOR for a period of 
the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
(iv) 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, only two or three rates are so quoted, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates 
so quoted; or 
(v) 
if fewer than two rates are so quoted, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates quoted by four major banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre (or, in the case of Instruments denominated in Euro, in such financial 
centre or centres within the Euro zone as the Calculation Agent may select) selected by 
the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time (or 
local time at such other financial centre or centres as aforesaid)) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period for loans in the relevant currency to leading European 
banks for a period for the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, 
and the Interest Rate applicable to such Instruments during each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
sum of the Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) 
of the rates) so determined provided, however, that, if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate (or, as the case may be, an arithmetic mean of rates) in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Rate applicable to such 
Instruments during such Interest Accrual Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate (or, as 
the case may be, the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates) determined in relation to 
such Instruments in respect of the last preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
Floating Rate Instruments – ISDA Determination 
5.04 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments for each Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as 
the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms has 
the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and

--- Page 56 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 45 - 
70-41051415 
 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate by requesting appropriate quotations for such rate to 
four major banks in the London interbank market, in accordance with process 
specified in 5.03(iii) to (v). 
Floating Rate Instruments – Instruments referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
5.05 
This Condition 5.05 is applicable to the Instruments only if the Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(A) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Interest Rate 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.05: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
D
𝑑𝑑
 
d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 57 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 46 - 
70-41051415 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Instruments are due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London 
Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day.  The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(C) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 
5.13 (Benchmark Replacement), be: 
(i) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published,

--- Page 58 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 47 - 
70-41051415 
 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A). 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 5.13 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.05, the Interest 
Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest 
Rate which would have been applicable to the Instruments for the first Interest Period had 
the Instruments been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
Floating Rate Instruments – Instruments referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
5.06 
This Condition 5.06 is applicable to the Instruments only if the Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(A) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Interest Rate for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(B) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.06: 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 5.06. 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.  For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 5.06(C) below will apply. 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001):

--- Page 59 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 48 - 
70-41051415 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Instruments become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period 
is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's

--- Page 60 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 49 - 
70-41051415 
 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5.06(C) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so 
appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(C) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Instruments in respect of all determinations on 
such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.  In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Instruments. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Instruments, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the 
Instruments or any other party. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.06(C): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or 
the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 61 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 50 - 
70-41051415 
 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate instruments at such time 
and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate instruments at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;

--- Page 62 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 51 - 
70-41051415 
 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or 
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(D) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 
5.06(C) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Issue and Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Holders of the Instruments.  Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Issue and Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Issue and Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 63 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 52 - 
70-41051415 
 
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5.06; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(E) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 5.06, the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Instruments for the 
first Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
Floating Rate Instruments – Instruments referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
5.07 
This Condition 5.07 is applicable to the Instruments only if the Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
(A) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Interest Rate for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(B) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.07: 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in:

--- Page 64 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 53 - 
70-41051415 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Instruments are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and payable; 
and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five 
TARGET Business Days.

--- Page 65 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 54 - 
70-41051415 
 
(C) 
Subject to Condition 5.13 (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Interest Rate is to be 
calculated pursuant to Condition 5.07(A) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement 
Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, 
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference 
rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the 
first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was 
published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 5.13 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of Condition 5.07(A) above, the 
Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest 
Rate which would have been applicable to the Instruments for the first Interest Period had 
the Instruments been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
Floating Rate Instruments – Instruments Referencing SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR 
Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination) 
5.08 
This Condition 5.08 is applicable to the Instruments only if the Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined, and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(A) 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for 
the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1) 𝑋𝑋 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the End 
date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the Start 
date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days;

--- Page 66 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 55 - 
70-41051415 
 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 5.05 or Condition 5.06, as applicable) 
had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had 
been specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 5.05 or Condition 5.06 
(as applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the 
Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen 
Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) (in the case of 
SONIA Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the 
provisions of Condition 5.13 (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply and (ii) (in the case of 
SOFR Compounded Index) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of Condition 5.06(C) 
shall apply. 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
5.09 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, then the Interest 
Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
Floating Rate Instruments - Accrual of Interest 
5.10 
Interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Instrument during each Interest 
Accrual Period from the Interest Commencement Date. Interest will cease to accrue as from the 
due date for redemption therefor (or, in the case of an Instalment Instrument, in respect of each 
instalment of principal, on the due date for payment of the relevant Instalment Amount) unless 
upon due presentation or surrender thereof (if required), payment in full of the Redemption Amount 
(as defined in Condition 6.12) or the relevant Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused 
or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof in which case interest shall continue to accrue 
on the principal amount in respect of which payment has been improperly withheld or refused or 
default has been made (both before and after any demand or judgment) at the Interest Rate then 
applicable or such other rate as may be specified for this purpose in the Final Terms until the date 
on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Instrument (if required), the relevant 
payment is made or, if earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Instrument is 
not required as a precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which the Issue and 
Paying Agent having received the funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the 
Holders of the Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that the Issue and Paying

--- Page 67 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 56 - 
70-41051415 
 
Agent has received the required funds (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent 
payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
Interest Amount(s), Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
5.11 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, as soon as practicable 
after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date (or such other time on such date as 
the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation) will determine the Interest 
Rate and calculate the amount(s) of interest payable (the "Interest Amount(s)") in respect of each 
denomination of the Instruments (in the case of Bearer Instruments) and the minimum 
denomination (in the case of Registered Instruments) for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Issue and Paying Agent, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Instruments), the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and, if the Instruments are listed on a stock exchange and 
such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination or 
calculation but in no event later than the fourth Banking Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of 
notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the relevant stock exchange. The Interest 
Amounts (provided that any modifications are de minimis) and the Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of an Interest Accrual Period 
or the Interest Period. If the Instruments become due and payable under Condition 7 (Events of 
Default), the Interest Rate and the accrued interest payable in respect of the Instruments shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition. The 
determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment 
Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Holders and neither the Calculation Agent nor any Reference Bank shall have 
any liability to the Holders in respect of any determination, calculation, quote or rate made or 
provided by it. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that there shall at all times be appointed a Calculation 
Agent, if provision is made for one in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is incapable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Interest Rate for any Interest Accrual Period or to calculate the Interest 
Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer will appoint the office of a leading bank engaged in 
the London interbank market to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
Calculations and Adjustments 
5.12 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Instrument for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Instruments are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Instruments will have a variable coupon amount 
applying the "Actual/365 (Fixed)" Day Count Fraction (as defined below). The amount of interest 
payable in respect of any Instrument for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not 
specified shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 5.14 (Interest — Definitions), 
rounding the resulting figure as described below and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of such Instrument divided by the Calculation Amount. The 
amount of interest payable in respect of a short or long initial or final Interest Period may be 
specified as a "Broken Amount" in the relevant Final Terms. Where any Interest Period comprises 
two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods.

--- Page 68 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 57 - 
70-41051415 
 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Terms and Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States Dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), 
(c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, (e) in the case of Renminbi denominated 
Fixed Rate Instruments, all amounts will be rounded to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005 and, the 
case of Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Instruments, to the nearest HK$0.01, 
HK$0.005, being rounded upwards and (e) all amounts denominated in Euro or any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in 
such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
Benchmark Replacement 
5.13 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5 (Interest) and other than in the case of a 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Instrument for which the Reference Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index", if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Interest Rate (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this 
Condition 5.13 (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser determining, no later than three Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5.13 (ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance 
with Condition 5.13 (iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5.13 (iv)). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser: 
A. 
agree that there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5.13 (iii)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Instruments 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.13 (Benchmark 
Replacement)); or 
B. 
agree that there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.13 
(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Instruments (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5.13 (Benchmark Replacement)); or 
C. 
the Issuer and the Independent Adviser do not agree on the selection of a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the fallback provisions set out in Condition 
5.03 (Floating Rate Instruments – Screen Rate Determination), Condition 5.04 
(Floating Rate Instruments – ISDA Determination), Condition 5.05 (Floating 
Rate 
Instruments 
– 
Instruments 
Referencing 
SONIA 
(Screen 
Rate 
Determination)), Condition 5.07 (Floating Rate Instruments – Instruments 
Referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) (as applicable) and Condition 
5.08 (Floating Rate Instruments – Instruments Referencing SONIA Compounded 
Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination)) shall continue 
to apply. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread,

--- Page 69 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 58 - 
70-41051415 
 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5.13 (Benchmark Replacement) and the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser agree: (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.13 (Benchmark 
Replacement) (v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Instrumentholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.13 (iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Instruments are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.13 (Benchmark Replacement) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Issue and Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Instrumentholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any and will be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Issue and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Instrumentholders. 
(vi) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5.13(i) to (v), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.03 
(Floating Rate Instruments – Screen Rate Determination), Condition 5.04 (Floating Rate 
Instruments – ISDA Determination), Condition 5.05 (Floating Rate Instruments – 
Instruments Referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), Condition 5.07 (Floating 
Rate Instruments – Instruments Referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) (as 
applicable) or Condition 5.08 (Floating Rate Instruments – Instruments Referencing 
SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination)) 
will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread 
and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with this Condition 5.13 (Benchmark 
Replacement). 
Definitions 
5.14 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Instruments, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Instruments of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA 
at www.isda.org). 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Instruments, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Instruments of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org). 
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the

--- Page 70 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 59 - 
70-41051415 
 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Instrumentholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the 
counter derivative transactions or is in customary market usage in the debt capital market 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the 
Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Instruments. 
"Applicable Business Day Convention" means the Business Day Convention which may be 
specified in the Final Terms as applicable to any date in respect of the Instruments unless the Final 
Terms specifies "No Adjustment" in relation to any date in which case such date shall not be 
adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention. Different Business Day Conventions 
may apply, or be specified in relation to, the Interest Payment Dates, Interest Period End Dates and 
any other date or dates in respect of any Instruments. 
"Banking Day" means, in respect of any city, any day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in that city. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page or as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that means the Original Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Instruments; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (A) the Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or (B) the methodology to calculate the 
Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or

--- Page 71 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 60 - 
70-41051415 
 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Instrumentholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv), the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur 
until the Specified Future Date. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to Instruments denominated or payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to Instruments denominated or payable in Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle Renminbi payments in Hong 
Kong; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Instruments for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant 
Final Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not 
a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a 
date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed; 
(iv) 
in relation to Instruments for which the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA in the 
relevant Final Terms, any weekday that is a London Banking Day and each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those 
cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
(v) 
in relation to Instruments payable in any other currency, a day on which commercial banks 
are open for business and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Relevant 
Financial Centre in respect of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre. 
"Business Day Convention" means a convention for adjusting any relevant date if it would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day and the following terms, where specified in the 
Final Terms and used in conjunction with the term "Business Day Convention" in relation to any 
date applicable to any Instruments, shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that such date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that such date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that such date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; and 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each such date shall be the 
date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the Final Terms as the Specified Period after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred, provided that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month;

--- Page 72 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 61 - 
70-41051415 
 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred. 
"Calculation Agent" means such agent as may be specified in the Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
("Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms and: 
(i) 
If "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified hereon and the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Regular Period (as defined below) during which it falls, the relevant Day 
Count Fraction will be the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (A) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (B) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
If "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified hereon and the Calculation Period is longer than 
one Regular Period, interest will be calculated on the basis of the sum of: 
(a) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
If "Actual/Actual – ISDA" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
If "Actual/360" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 73 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 62 - 
70-41051415 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 74 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 63 - 
70-41051415 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
For the purposes of this definition of Day Count Fraction "Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Instruments where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from one Interest Period other than the 
first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (for example, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over 
the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor). 
"Euro zone" means the zone comprising the Member States of the European Union that participate 
or are participating in the European Monetary Union and that adopt or have adopted the Euro as 
their lawful currency. 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer (at its own 
expense) under Condition 5.13 (Benchmark Replacement). 
"Interest Accrual Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, each successive period 
beginning on and including an Interest Period End Date and ending on but excluding the next 
succeeding Interest Period End Date during that Interest Period provided always that the first 
Interest Accrual Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and the 
final Interest Accrual Period shall end on but exclude the date of final maturity. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Instruments (as specified in the 
Final Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 64 - 
70-41051415 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the date falling 
such number (if any) of Banking Days in such city(ies) as may be specified in the Final Terms 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period, or if none is specified: 
(i) 
in the case of Instruments denominated in Euro, on the second Business Day prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instruments denominated in Pounds Sterling, the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period; or 
(iii) 
in any other case, the date falling two London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified 
as such in the Final Terms and, if an Applicable Business Day Convention is specified in the Final 
Terms, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the Applicable Business Day Convention 
or if the Applicable Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention and an interval of a number 
of calendar months is specified in the Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates 
as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the date of issue of the Instruments (in the case of the First Interest Payment Date) or the 
previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Interest Period" means each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date provided always 
that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and 
the final Interest Period shall end on but exclude the date of final maturity. 
"Interest Period End Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the Final Terms and, if 
an Applicable Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms, as the same may be 
adjusted in accordance with the Applicable Business Day Convention or, if the Applicable 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months 
is specified in the Final Terms as the Interest Accrual Period, such dates as may occur in accordance 
with the FRN Convention at such specified period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Period End Date) or the previous Interest 
Period End Date (in any other case) or, if none of the foregoing is specified in the Final Terms, 
means the date or each of the dates which correspond with the Interest Payment Date(s) in respect 
of the Instruments. 
"Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) or amount or 
amounts (expressed as a price per unit of relevant currency) of interest payable in respect of the 
Instruments specified in the Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Law 10/2014" means Law 10/2014 of 26 June, on the regulation, supervision and solvency of 
credit institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de 
entidades de crédito). 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Interest Rate (or any component part thereof) on the Instruments. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, in respect of an Instrument, its principal amount less, 
in respect of any Instalment Instrument, any principal amount on which interest shall have ceased 
to accrue in accordance with Condition 5.06 (Accrual of Interest) or otherwise as indicated in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 76 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 65 - 
70-41051415 
 
"Reference Banks" means such banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate. 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Other than in 
the case of U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Instruments for which the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term Reference Rate shall, following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 5.13 (Benchmark Replacement), include any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in 
respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or 
further Alternative Rate. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means such financial centre or centres as may be specified in relation 
to the relevant currency for the purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Time" means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate. 
"Reuters Screen" means, when used in connection with a designated page and any designated 
information, the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or such 
other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying such information). 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
Redemption at Maturity 
6.01 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, or unless such Instrument is stated in the 
Final Terms as having no fixed maturity date, each Instrument shall be redeemed at its final 
redemption amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") (which shall be its Outstanding Principal 
Amount) (or, in the case of Instalment Instruments, in such number of instalments and in such 
amounts ("Instalment Amounts") as may be specified in the Final Terms) on the date or dates (or, 
in the case of Instruments which bear interest at a floating rate of interest, on the date or dates upon 
which interest is payable) specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 77 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 66 - 
70-41051415 
 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
6.02 
If, in relation to any Series of Instruments, (i) as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or 
publication of new rulings of the Kingdom of Spain or of any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration 
of any such laws, regulations or rulings (including a decision of any court or tribunal, or any 
interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax authority that provides for a position with 
respect to such laws or regulations or interpretations thereof that differs from the previously 
generally accepted position) which becomes effective on or after the date of issue of such 
Instruments or any other date specified in the Final Terms, (1) the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor (if a demand were made under the Guarantee) would be required to pay additional 
amounts as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation) or (2) the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the 
Guarantor is or would be required to deduct or withhold tax on any payment to the Issuer to enable 
the Issuer to make any payment (whether in respect of principal, premium, interest or otherwise); 
(ii) in each case, the payment of such additional amount in the case of (1) above or such deduction 
or withholding in the case of (2) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Guarantor or such 
Subsidiary taking reasonable measures available to it and (iii) such circumstances are evidenced 
by the delivery by the Issuer or the Guarantor to the Issue and Paying Agent of a certificate signed 
by one director of the Issuer or two directors of the Guarantor stating that the said circumstances 
prevail and describing the facts leading thereto and an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that such circumstances prevail, the Issuer may, at its option and 
having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of Instruments 
which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders of the 
Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem 
all (but not some only) of the outstanding Instruments comprising the relevant Series at their early 
tax redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount (Tax)") (which shall be their 
Outstanding Principal Amount or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the Final 
Terms), together with accrued interest thereon provided, however, that no such notice of 
redemption may be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the case of Instruments which bear interest at 
a floating rate a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within 
the then current interest period applicable to the Instruments plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Instruments then due. 
If, pursuant to Condition 18.02(ii)(a), a Person into which the Issuer or the Guarantor is merged or 
to whom the Issuer or the Guarantor has conveyed, transferred or leased its properties or assets has 
been or would be required to pay any additional amounts as therein provided, each Series of 
Instruments may be redeemed at the option of such Person in whole, but not in part, in accordance 
with the first paragraph of this Condition 6.02 (Early Redemption for Tax Reasons), which 
paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Instrument 
under Condition 6.06 (Optional Early Redemption (Put)). 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
6.03 
If this Condition 6.03 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) is specified in the Final Terms as being 
applicable, then the Issuer may, having given the appropriate notice and subject to such conditions 
as may be specified in the Final Terms, redeem all (but not, unless and to the extent that the Final 
Terms specifies otherwise, some only) of the Instruments of the relevant Series at their call early 
redemption amount (the "Optional Redemption Amount (Call)") (which shall be their 
Outstanding Principal Amount or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the Final 
Terms), together with accrued interest thereon on the date specified in such notice. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Instrument 
under Condition 6.06 (Optional Early Redemption (Put)).

--- Page 78 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 67 - 
70-41051415 
 
6.04 
The appropriate notice referred to in Condition 6.03 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) is a notice 
given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Instruments of the relevant Series in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
• 
the Series of Instruments subject to redemption; 
• 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of and (except in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument 
or Permanent Global Instrument) the serial numbers of the Instruments of the relevant 
Series which are to be redeemed; 
• 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 10 days nor more than 60 
days after the date on which such notice is given and which shall be such date or the next 
of such dates ("Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call)") or a day falling within such period 
("Call Option Period"), as may be specified in the Final Terms and which is, in the case 
of Instruments which bear interest at a floating rate, a date upon which interest is payable; 
and 
• 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) at which such Instruments are to be redeemed. 
• 
If "Make-Whole Amount" is specified as the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the higher of: 
(i) 
100 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Instruments to be 
redeemed; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the present values of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Instruments to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Instruments 
(exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional Redemption Date (Call)) discounted 
to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) on an annual basis (based on the 
actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (in the case of a leap year, 366)) at 
a rate equal to the sum of: (x) the Reference Bond Rate and (y) the specified 
Redemption Margin, 
provided however that, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the 
earliest date on which the Residual Maturity Call Option may be exercised in accordance 
with Condition 6.08 (Residual Maturity Call Option) (if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), the Make-Whole Amount will be the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Instruments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will pay any interest accrued on the Instruments to, 
but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call). 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6.04 by 
the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and all Holders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
"FA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the Financial 
Adviser as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Instruments that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Instruments and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Instruments; 
"Financial Adviser" means an independent and internationally recognised financial 
adviser selected by the Issuer at its own expense;

--- Page 79 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 68 - 
70-41051415 
 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such bond is 
set out or if such bond is no longer outstanding, shall be the FA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), (a) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations 
for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than 
four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all 
such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), the rate per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference 
Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, 
or their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered 
prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Instrument, the aggregate amount 
of scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Instrument for the remaining term of such 
Instrument determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Instrument 
from and including the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call). 
Partial Redemption 
6.05 
If the Instruments of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Conditions 6.03 and 6.04 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)): 
• 
in the case of Bearer Instruments (other than a Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent 
Global Instrument), the Instruments to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot in such European 
city as the Issue and Paying Agent may specify, or identified in such other manner or in 
such other place as the Issue and Paying Agent may approve and deem appropriate and 
fair; 
• 
in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument or a Permanent Global Instrument, the 
Instruments to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/ or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amounts, at 
their discretion) and/or any other relevant clearing system; and 
• 
in the case of Registered Instruments, the Instruments shall be redeemed (so far as may be 
practicable) pro rata to their principal amounts, provided always that the amount 
redeemed in respect of each Instrument shall be equal to the minimum denomination 
thereof or an integral multiple thereof, 
subject always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) on which the relevant Instruments may 
have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation.

--- Page 80 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 69 - 
70-41051415 
 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument 
in respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.04 to 2.07 
(Transfer of Registered Instruments and Exchange of Bearer Instruments for Registered 
Instruments) which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Instruments as if such new 
Registered Instrument were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
6.06 
If this Condition 6.06 (Redemption and Purchase — Optional Early Redemption (Put)) is specified 
in the Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option 
by the Holder of any Instrument of the relevant Series, redeem such Instrument on the date 
specified in the relevant Put Notice (as defined below) at its put early redemption amount (the 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)") (which shall be its Outstanding Principal Amount or such 
other redemption amount as may be specified in the Final Terms), together with accrued interest 
thereon. In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 45 days before the date on 
which such redemption is required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (which date shall be 
such date or the next of the dates ("Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put)") or a day falling within 
such period ("Put Period") as may be specified in the Final Terms), deposit the relevant Instrument 
(together, in the case of an interest-bearing Definitive Instrument, with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto other than any Coupon maturing on or before the date of redemption (failing 
which the provisions of Condition 9A.06 apply)) during normal business hours at the specified 
office of, in the case of a Bearer Instrument, any Paying Agent or, in the case of a Registered 
Instrument, the Registrar together with a duly completed early redemption notice ("Put Notice") 
in the form which is available from the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar specifying, in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent 
Global Instrument or Registered Instrument, the aggregate principal amount in respect of which 
such option is exercised (which must be the minimum denomination specified in the Final Terms 
or an integral multiple thereof). No Instrument so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement). 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument 
in respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.04 to 2.07 
(Transfer of Registered Instruments and Exchange of Bearer Instruments for Registered 
Instruments) which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Instruments as if such new 
Registered Instrument were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
The Holder of an Instrument may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Instrument under either 
Condition 6.02 (Early Redemption for Tax Reasons) or 6.03 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)). 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event 
6.07 
If this Condition 6.07 (Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event) is specified 
in the Final Terms as being applicable, then if a Substantial Purchase Event has occurred, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), which notice shall be 
irrevocable, redeem the Instruments of the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, in 
accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their Outstanding Principal 
Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption. 
A "Substantial Purchase Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 75 per cent., 
or such other threshold as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Substantial 
Purchase Event Threshold"), of the aggregate principal amount of the Instruments of the 
relevant Series originally issued (which for these purposes shall include any Further 
Instruments issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further Issues)) is purchased by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any subsidiary of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 6.10 (Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Instruments)), 
other than by way of a redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
6.03 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)), if the "Make-Whole Amount" is specified as the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 81 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 70 - 
70-41051415 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
6.08 
If this Condition 6.08 (Residual Maturity Call Option) is specified in the Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to 
the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (the "Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date")), 
redeem all (but not only some) of the Instruments of the relevant Series at their Outstanding 
Principal Amount, together any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of 
Instruments having a maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity 
Date in respect of Instruments having a maturity of more than ten years. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the Instruments. All 
Instruments in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 6.08 (Residual Maturity Call Option). 
Purchase of Instruments 
6.09 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's other Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 18 
(Substitution; Merger, Consolidation, etc. Only on Certain Terms)) may at any time purchase 
Instruments in the open market or otherwise and at any price provided that all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith. 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Instruments 
6.10 
All unmatured Instruments redeemed in accordance with this Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) will be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. Unmatured Instruments, 
Receipts and Coupons purchased in accordance with this Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
may, at the option of the Issuer, be cancelled, reissued or, as the case may be, resold. 
Further Provisions applicable to Redemption Amount and Instalment Amounts 
6.11 
The provisions of Condition 5.07 (Interest — Interest Amount(s), Calculation Agent and Reference 
Banks) and the last paragraph of Condition 5.08 (Interest — Calculations and Adjustments) shall 
apply to any determination or calculation of the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount 
required by the Final Terms to be made by the Calculation Agent (as defined in Condition 5.10 
(Interest — Definitions)). 
6.12 
References herein to "Redemption Amount" shall mean, as appropriate, the Final Redemption 
Amount, the final Instalment Amount, Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call), Optional Redemption Amount (Put) and Early Termination Amount. 
7. 
Events of Default 
7.01 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay, and the Guarantor fails to honour the Guarantee with respect to 
payments of, any principal, premium (if any) or interest due in respect of the Instruments 
of the relevant Series or any of them and such default continues for a period of 21 days; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform any other obligation arising from the Instruments of that Series 
or the Guarantor fails to perform any other obligation arising under the Guarantee of such 
Instruments and such failure continues for more than 60 days (90 days if the failure to 
perform relates to an obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor arising under Condition 18 
(Substitution; Merger, Consolidation, etc. Only on Certain Terms)) following the service 
by any Holder on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a written notice specifying such failure 
and requiring it to be remedied, and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" 
hereunder; or

--- Page 82 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 71 - 
70-41051415 
 
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to fulfil (taking into account any applicable grace periods) 
any payment obligation in excess of EUR 100,000,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency under any Relevant Indebtedness or under any guarantee or suretyship provided 
for under any Relevant Indebtedness of others, and this failure remains uncured for 30 
days; or 
(iv) 
the holders of any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor accelerate any 
payment obligation in excess of EUR 100,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency 
as a result of the Issuer or the Guarantor entering into a transaction described under 
Condition 18 (Substitution; Merger, Consolidation, etc. Only on Certain Terms)), which 
transaction constitutes an event of default in respect of such other Relevant Indebtedness; 
or 
(v) 
(1) the Issuer or the Guarantor announces its inability to meet its financial obligations; or 
(2) a court commences insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or Guarantor; or (3) the 
Issuer or Guarantor goes into liquidation, unless it is done in connection with a merger or 
other form of business combination with another company and that company assumes all 
the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection with the 
Instruments; or (4) the Issuer or Guarantor makes a filing seeking relief under any 
applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws; or 
(vi) 
the Guarantee ceases to be valid or legally binding for any reason, 
then any Holder of an Instrument of the relevant Series in respect of such Instrument may, by 
written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, declare that such Instruments or Instrument (as the 
case may be) and (if the Instruments or Instrument are or is interest-bearing) all interest then 
accrued but unpaid on such Instruments or Instrument (as the case may be) shall be forthwith due 
and payable, whereupon the same shall (to the extent permitted by applicable Spanish law) become 
immediately due and payable at its early termination amount (the "Early Termination Amount") 
(which shall be its Outstanding Principal Amount or such other redemption amount as may be 
specified in the Final Terms), together with all interest accrued thereon without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything 
contained in such Instruments to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all Events of 
Default in respect of the Instruments of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become 
subordinated if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators within one month from the last 
official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency, (ii)contractual provisions granting 
one party the right to suspend, modify or terminate by reason only of the other's insolvency 
declaration or opening of the liquidation phase, the communication of the opening of negotiations 
(or other similar circumstances) or the presentation of a restructuring plan (or similar 
circumstances) will not be enforceable, (iii) interest accrued and unpaid until the commencement 
of the insolvency proceedings (concurso) (other than any interest accruing under secured 
liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security) shall become 
subordinated, and (iv) accrual of interest (other than any interest accruing under secured 
liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security) shall be suspended 
from the date of the declaration of insolvency. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.01 
All amounts payable by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, (whether 
in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Instruments will be made free and 
clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
receivable by the Holder after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would have been receivable by such Holder in the absence of such withholding or deduction;

--- Page 83 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 72 - 
70-41051415 
 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of 
any Instrument or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Instrument or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other than (a) the mere holding of such 
Instrument or Coupon or (b) the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of 
such Instrument or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who fails to make any necessary claim or to 
comply with any certification, identification or other requirements concerning the 
nationality, residence, identity or connection with the taxing jurisdiction of such Holder, 
if such claim or compliance is required by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative 
practice of the taxing jurisdiction of the Issuer as a condition to relief or exemption from 
such taxes; or 
(iii) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar taxes; or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder if the Issuer or the Guarantor does not receive 
in a timely manner certain information about the Instruments of such Holder as it is 
required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a duly executed and 
completed certificate from the Issue and Paying Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July 
and any implementing legislation or regulation; or 
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting such relevant Instrument or Coupon to 
another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(vi) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that 
the relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the 
same for payment on or before the expiry of such period of thirty days; or 
(vii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of an individual resident for tax purposes in the Kingdom 
of Spain if the Spanish tax authorities determine that payments made to such individuals 
are not exempt from Spanish withholding tax and require a withholding to be made; or 
(viii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is a fiduciary, a partnership, a limited 
liability company or anything other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment, to the 
extent to which that payment would be required by the laws of Spain to be included in the 
income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a member 
of that partnership, an interest holder in that limited liability company or a beneficial 
owner who would not have been entitled to any additional amounts had it been the Holder; 
or 
(ix) 
any withholding or deduction that is imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder 
("FATCA"), any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and any other 
jurisdiction implementing or relating to FATCA, any law, regulation, guidance or 
interpretations enacted or issued in any jurisdiction with respect thereto, or any agreements 
entered into in connection with the implementation thereof. 
8.02 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means, in respect of any 
payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been received by the Issue and Paying Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the first date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received and 
being available for payment to Holders, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the 
Holders of the Instruments of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8.03 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject generally at any time (as a result of change in 
domicile for taxation purposes only) to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain 
references in Condition 6.02 (Redemption and Purchase — Early Redemption for Tax Reasons)

--- Page 84 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 73 - 
70-41051415 
 
and Condition 8.01 to the Kingdom of Spain shall be read and construed as references to the 
Kingdom of Spain and/or to such other jurisdiction(s). 
8.04 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" and/or "interest" in respect of the 
Instruments shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under 
this Condition 8 (Taxation). Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to "principal" shall include any premium payable in respect of an Instrument, any 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount and any other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and "interest" shall include all amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest) and any other amounts in the nature of interest payable pursuant 
to these Terms and Conditions. 
See "Taxation and Disclosure of Information in Connection with Payments — Taxation in the Kingdom of 
Spain — Information about the Instruments in Connection with Payments" for a fuller description of certain 
tax considerations relating to the Instruments and the formalities that must be followed so that Holders may 
receive the payments under the Instruments free from Spanish withholding tax. 
9. 
Payments 
9A 
Payments — Bearer Instruments 
9A.01 This Condition 9A (Payments — Bearer Instruments) is applicable in relation to Instruments in 
bearer form. 
9A.02 Payment of amounts (other than interest) due in respect of Bearer Instruments will be made against 
presentation and (save in the case of partial payment or payment of an Instalment Amount (other 
than the final Instalment Amount)) surrender of the relevant Bearer Instruments at the specified 
office of any of the Paying Agents. 
Payment of Instalment Amounts (other than the final Instalment Amount) in respect of an 
Instalment Instrument which is a Definitive Instrument with Receipts will be made against 
presentation of the Instrument together with the relevant Receipt and surrender of such Receipt. 
The Receipts are not and shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of title and if 
separated from the Instrument to which they relate will not represent any obligation of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the presentation of an Instrument without the relative Receipt or the presentation of 
a Receipt without the Instrument to which it appertains shall not entitle the Holder to any payment 
in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount. 
9A.03 Payment of amounts in respect of interest on Bearer Instruments will be made: 
(i) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent Global Instrument, against 
presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent Global Instrument 
at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.04 
applies) the United States and, in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument, upon due 
certification as required therein; 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Instruments without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their 
initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Instruments at the specified 
office of any of the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.04 applies) the United 
States; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Instruments delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the time 
of their initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons or, in the case of interest 
due otherwise than on a scheduled date for the payment of interest, against presentation of 
the relevant Definitive Instruments, in either case at the specified office of any of the 
Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.04 applies) the United States. 
9A.04 Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on the Bearer Instruments and exchanges of Talons 
for Coupon sheets in accordance with Condition 9A.07 will not be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in the United States (as defined in the United States Internal Revenue Code and 
Regulations thereunder) unless (a) payment in full of amounts due in respect of interest on such

--- Page 85 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 74 - 
70-41051415 
 
Instruments when due or, as the case may be, the exchange of Talons at all the specified offices of 
the Paying Agents outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls 
or other similar restrictions and (b) such payment or exchange is permitted by applicable United 
States law. If paragraphs (a) and (b) of the previous sentence apply, the Issuer shall forthwith 
appoint a further Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
9A.05 If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Bearer Instrument is not a Relevant 
Financial Centre Day and a local banking day (both as defined in Condition 9D.03), then the Holder 
thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day which is such a day, and from 
such day and thereafter will be entitled to receive payment, except in the case of Instruments where 
the Specified Currency is Renminbi, by cheque on any local banking day or, in the case of all 
currencies, will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account on any day which is a 
local banking day, a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant 
designated account is located, and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be 
due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in 
Condition 5.06 (Interest — Accrual of Interest) or, if appropriate, Condition 5.10 (Interest — 
Definitions). 
9A.06 Each Definitive Instrument initially delivered with Coupons, Talons or Receipts attached thereto 
should be presented and, save in the case of partial payment of the Redemption Amount, 
surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
relating thereto, failing which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specifies that this paragraph (i) of Condition 9A.06 is applicable (and, 
in the absence of specification, this paragraph (i) shall apply to Definitive Instruments 
which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates or in fixed amounts) and subject as hereinafter 
provided, the amount of any missing unmatured Coupons (or, in the case of a payment not 
being made in full, that portion of the amount of such missing Coupon which the 
Redemption Amount paid bears to the total Redemption Amount due) (excluding, for this 
purpose, but without prejudice to paragraph (iii) below, Talons) will be deducted from the 
amount otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being 
payable against surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of the 
Paying Agents at any time within ten years of the Relevant Date applicable to payment of 
such Redemption Amount; 
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specifies that this paragraph (ii) of Condition 9A.06 is applicable (and, 
in the absence of specification, this paragraph (ii) shall apply to Instruments which bear 
interest at a floating rate or rates or in variable amounts) all unmatured Coupons 
(excluding, for this purpose, but without prejudice to paragraph (iii) below, Talons) 
relating to such Definitive Instruments (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them; 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, all 
unmatured Talons (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no 
exchange for Coupons shall be made thereafter in respect of them; and 
(iv) 
in the case of Definitive Instruments initially delivered with Receipts attached thereto, all 
Receipts relating to such Instruments in respect of a payment of an Instalment Amount 
which (but for such redemption) would have fallen due on a date after such due date for 
redemption (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made thereafter in respect of them. 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 9A.06 notwithstanding, if any Definitive 
Instruments should be issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the 
presentation for payment of any such Definitive Instrument without any unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted 
would be greater than the Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date 
for redemption of any such Definitive Instrument, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not 
attached) shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required

--- Page 86 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 75 - 
70-41051415 
 
so that, upon application of the provisions of paragraph (i) in respect of such Coupons as have not 
so become void, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted would not be greater than the 
Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing sentence 
requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Definitive Instrument to become 
void, the relevant Paying Agent shall determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, 
and shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons 
maturing on earlier dates. 
9A.07 In relation to Definitive Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after the 
due date for the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside (unless Condition 9A.04 applies) the United States in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet (including any appropriate further Talon), subject to the provisions of 
Condition 10 (Prescription) below. Each Talon shall, for the purpose of these Terms and 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
9B 
Payments — Registered Instruments 
9B.01 This Condition 9B (Payments — Registered Instruments) is applicable in relation to Instruments 
in registered form. 
9B.02 Payment of the Redemption Amount (together with accrued interest) due in respect of Registered 
Instruments will be made by the relevant Paying Agent against presentation and, save in the case 
of partial payment of the Redemption Amount, surrender of the relevant Registered Instruments at 
the specified office of the relevant Registrar. If the due date for payment of the Redemption 
Amount of any Registered Instrument is not a Relevant Financial Centre Day (as defined in 
Condition 9D.03), then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day 
which is such a day, and from such day and thereafter will be entitled to receive payment by cheque 
on any local banking day, and will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account on 
any day which is a local banking day, a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the 
place where the relevant designated account is located and no further payment on account of 
interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent 
failure to pay in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue as provided in Condition 5.06 (Interest — Accrual of Interest) or, as appropriate, 
Condition 5.10 (Interest — Definitions). 
9B.03 Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than the Redemption 
Amount) in respect of Registered Instruments will be paid to the Holder thereof (or, in the case of 
joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept by the Registrar as at close of 
business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date 
for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on 
which each clearing system for which the Registered Instrument is being held is open for business. 
9B.04 Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 9D.02, payment of amounts (whether principal, 
interest or otherwise) due (other than the Redemption Amount) in respect of Registered 
Instruments will be made in the currency in which such amount is due, except in the case of 
Instruments where the Specified Currency is Renminbi, by cheque (in the case of payment in 
sterling, drawn on a town clearing branch of a bank in the city of London) and posted to the address 
(as recorded in the register held by the Registrar) of the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint 
Holders, the first-named) on the Relevant Banking Day (as defined in Condition 2.06) not later 
than the relevant due date for payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof 
(or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) has applied to the relevant Registrar and the 
relevant Registrar has acknowledged such application for payment to be made by the relevant 
Paying Agent to a designated account denominated in the relevant currency in which case payment 
shall be made on the relevant due date for payment by transfer to such account. In the case of 
payment by transfer to an account, if the due date for any such payment is not a Relevant Financial 
Centre Day, then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the first day 
thereafter which is a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant

--- Page 87 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 76 - 
70-41051415 
 
designated account is located and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be 
due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in 
Condition 5.06 (Interest — Accrual of Interest) or, as appropriate, Condition 5.10 (Interest — 
Definitions). 
9C 
Payments in respect of Instruments where the Specified Currency is Renminbi 
All payments in respect of any Instruments where the Specified Currency is Renminbi will be made 
solely by credit to a Renminbi account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong, in the 
case of Registered Instruments the details of which appear on the Register at the close of business 
on the fifth business day before the due date for payment, and in all cases in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable 
laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong). 
9D 
Payments — General Provisions 
9D.01 Save as otherwise specified in these Terms and Conditions, this Condition 9D is applicable in 
relation to Instruments whether in bearer or in registered form. 
9D.02 Payments of amounts due (whether principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of Instruments will 
be made in the currency in which such amount is due (a) except in the case of Instruments where 
the Specified Currency is Renminbi, by cheque (in the case of payment in sterling, drawn on a 
town clearing branch of a bank in the city of London) or (b) at the option of the payee, by transfer 
to an account denominated in the relevant currency specified by the payee. Payments will, without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation), be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws and regulations. 
9D.03 For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
"Relevant Financial Centre Day" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the Relevant Financial Centre and in any other place specified in the Final 
Terms or in the case of payment in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, and in the case of 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
Renminbi payments in Hong Kong; and 
(ii) 
"local banking day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the place of presentation of the relevant Instrument or, as the case may be, 
Coupon. 
9D.04 No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Instruments or Coupons in respect 
of such payments. 
9E 
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent 
9E.01 This Condition 9E (Payment of US Dollar Equivalent) is applicable in relation to Instruments 
where the Specified Currency is Renminbi. 
9E.02 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, 
the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of 
the Instruments when due in Renminbi, the Issuer shall, by sending an irrevocable notice not less 
than five or more than 30 calendar days prior to the due date for payment to the Holders and the 
Issue and Paying Agent, settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in US Dollars on the due 
date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. In case the Issuer 
needs to satisfy payments of principal or interest in part in Renminbi and in part in US Dollars, it 
shall to the extent possible make payment to each Holder in the same pro rata amount of Renminbi 
and US Dollar in accordance with the rules of the clearing system(s) from time to time. 
9E.03 For the purposes of these Conditions, "US Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount 
converted into US Dollars using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date.

--- Page 88 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 77 - 
70-41051415 
 
For this purpose: 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong; 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong, Beijing, London, TARGET and in New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the PRC and Hong Kong; 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC; 
"Illiquidity" means where the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid 
as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation 
to pay interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Instruments as determined by the 
Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation (if 
practicable) with two Renminbi Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Instruments in the general Renminbi exchange market in 
Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control or any other applicable laws in the Kingdom of Spain, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong 
to an account outside Hong Kong and outside the PRC or from an account outside Hong Kong and 
outside the PRC to an account inside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely 
to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control or any other applicable laws in Austria, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Conditions, shall 
exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China 
and Taiwan; and 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/US Dollar exchange rate for the purchase of US dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters 
Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the Spot 
Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date as the most recently 
available CNY/US Dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination Business Days 
reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such 
other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange 
rate.

--- Page 89 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 78 - 
70-41051415 
 
9F 
Redenomination 
9F.01 
Where Redenomination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Holders of the Instruments, the Receipts and the Coupons, on giving at 
least 30 days' prior notice to the Paying Agents and to the Holders of the Instruments in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date (as defined 
below) specified in the notice, the Instruments shall be redenominated in Euro. 
9F.02 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
each Specified Denomination (as defined below) and, in the case of Fixed Rate 
Instruments, each amount specified on the Coupons will be deemed to be denominated in 
such amount of Euro as is equivalent to its denomination or the amount of interest so 
specified in the Relevant Currency (as defined below) at the Established Rate (as defined 
below), rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01; 
(ii) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Instruments, the Receipts 
and the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before 
the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in Euro as though references in the 
Instruments to the Relevant Currency were to Euro. Payments will be made in Euro by 
credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited 
or transferred) specified by the payee, or at the option of the payee, by a Euro cheque; 
(iii) 
if the Instruments are Fixed Rate Instruments and interest for any period ending on or after 
the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period of less than one year, it 
will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if 
any of the days elapsed fall in a leap year, the sum of (i) the number of those days falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if the Instruments are Floating Rate Instruments the relevant Final Terms will specify any 
relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(v) 
such other changes shall be made to these Terms and Conditions as the Issuer may decide, 
after consultation with the Issue and Paying Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, 
to conform them to conventions then applicable to Instruments denominated in Euro or to 
enable the Instruments to be consolidated with Other Instruments (as defined below) 
whether or not originally denominated in the Specified Currency (as defined below) or 
Euro. Any such other changes will not take effect until after they have been notified to the 
Holders of the Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
9G 
Exchangeability 
Where Exchangeability is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may without the consent of the Holders of the Instruments, the Receipts and the Coupons, on giving 
at least 30 days' prior notice to the Holders of the Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date or such later date for payment of 
interest under the Instruments as it may specify in the notice, the Instruments shall be exchangeable 
for Instruments expressed to be denominated in Euro in accordance with such arrangements as the 
Issuer may decide, with the approval of the Issue and Paying Agent and as may be specified in the 
notice, including arrangements under which Receipts and Coupons unmatured at the date so 
specified become void. 
Definitions: In these Terms and Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Established Rate" means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into 
Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 1091(4) of the Treaty; 
(ii) 
"Euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the Euro, as amended;

--- Page 90 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 79 - 
70-41051415 
 
(iii) 
"Other Instruments" means, at any time, any one or more series of other instruments of the Issuer 
which have the same or substantially the same terms and conditions (as then in effect and which 
have not lapsed and/or the rights in respect of which have not been exercised) as the Instruments 
(other than in relation to the currency of original denomination and/or denomination and/or the 
terms and conditions relating to business days or interest accrual bases and/or the stock exchange(s) 
if any on which such instruments are listed and/or the clearing system(s) on which such instruments 
are cleared and settled and/or redenomination into Euro and/or notices); 
(iv) 
"Redenomination Date" means any date for payment of interest under the Instruments or any date 
specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Holders of Instruments pursuant of Condition 
9D.01 above or, if the country of the Specified Currency is not one of the countries then 
participating in the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty, 
the date which falls on or after such later date as it does so participate; 
(v) 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(vi) 
"Specified Denomination" means the denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(vii) 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union. 
10. 
Prescription 
10.01 
Claims against the Issuer for payment, whether of principal and interest or otherwise, in respect of 
Instruments will be prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten 
years or, in the case of interest, five years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8.02) 
for payment thereof. 
10.02 
In relation to Definitive Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, there shall not 
be included in any Coupon sheet issued upon exchange of a Talon any Coupon which would be 
void upon issue pursuant to Condition 9A.06 or the due date for the payment of which would fall 
after the due date for the redemption of the relevant Instrument or which would be void pursuant 
to this Condition 10 (Prescription) or any Talon the maturity date of which would fall after the due 
date for redemption of the relevant Instrument. 
11. 
The Paying Agents, the Registrars and the Calculation Agent 
11.01 
The initial Paying Agents and Registrars and their respective initial specified offices are specified 
below. The Calculation Agent in respect of any Instruments shall be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
any Paying Agent (including the Issue and Paying Agent) or the Registrar or the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or another Registrar or another Calculation Agent 
provided that they will at all times maintain (i) an Issue and Paying Agent, (ii) in the case of 
Registered Instruments, a Registrar, (iii) a Paying Agent (which may be the Issue and Paying 
Agent) with a specified office in a continental European city, (iv) so long as the Instruments are 
listed on the Official List and/or any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system and the rules of Euronext Dublin and/or such other competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system so require, a Paying Agent (which may be the Issue and Paying Agent) 
and a Registrar each with a specified office in Dublin and/or in such other place as may be required 
by such other stock exchange, (v) in the circumstances described in Condition 9A.04, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City and (vi) a Calculation Agent where required by 
the Terms and Conditions applicable to any Instruments (in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii) with a 
specified office located in such place (if any) as may be required by the Terms and Conditions). 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to change 
their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city. Notice of all 
changes in the identities or specified offices of any Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Calculation 
Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
11.02 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and, save as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or any other

--- Page 91 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 80 - 
70-41051415 
 
agreement entered into with respect to its appointment, do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder of any Instrument, Receipt or Coupon and each of 
them shall only be responsible for the performance of the duties and obligations expressly imposed 
upon it in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or other agreement entered into with respect to 
its appointment or incidental thereto. 
12. 
Replacement of Instruments 
If any Instrument, Receipt or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent or such Paying Agent or Paying 
Agents as may be specified for such purpose in the Final Terms (in the case of Bearer Instruments 
and Coupons) or of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Instruments) ("Replacement Agent") 
and if the Instruments are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required by 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, subject to all applicable laws 
and the requirements of any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on which 
the Instruments are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred in connection 
with such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Replacement Agent may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Instruments, Receipts and Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be delivered 
therefor. In case any such lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed Instrument, Receipt or 
Coupon has become or is about to become due and payable, the Issuer in its discretion may, instead 
of delivering replacements therefor, pay such Instrument, Receipt or Coupon. 
13. 
Meetings of Holders of Instruments and Modification 
(a) 
Meetings of Holders of Instruments: The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions 
for convening meetings of Holders of Instruments to consider matters relating to the Instruments, 
including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be 
made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of 
Holders of Instruments holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Instruments. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Instruments or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons 
being or representing Holders of Instruments whatever the principal amount of the Instruments 
held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Holders of Instruments at which two or more 
persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one 
quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Instruments form a quorum. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Holders of 
Instruments or Coupons, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Holders of Instruments may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the 
Issue and Paying Agent may determine in accordance with the provisions of the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Holders of Instruments of not less than 
75 per cent. in principal amount of the Instruments outstanding will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders of 
Instruments. 
(b) 
Modification: The Instruments, these Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant 
may be amended without the consent of the Holders of Instruments or Coupons to correct a 
manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement may agree to 
modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent 
of the Holders of Instruments, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical

--- Page 92 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 81 - 
70-41051415 
 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Holders of Instruments. 
14. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Instruments 
14.01 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Instruments will, save where another means of effective 
communication has been specified herein or in the Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if 
published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe or, if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange, in the case of Instruments represented by a Temporary Global Instrument or 
Permanent Global Instrument, if delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective 
records as having interests therein. The Issuer and the Guarantor shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in compliance with the requirements of each stock exchange on which the 
Instruments are listed. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date 
of first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first 
date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers) or, as the case may 
be, on the fourth weekday after the date of such delivery to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or such other clearing system. Holders of Coupons will be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to Holders of Bearer Instruments in 
accordance with this Condition. 
To Holders of Registered Instruments 
14.02 
Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by air mail to them (or, in the case 
of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their respective addresses 
as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the fourth weekday after the date of such mailing or, if posted from another country, on the fifth 
such day. 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
14.03 
Notices to the Issuer may be delivered to the Managing Director at the specified office for the time 
being of the Issuer. Notices to the Guarantor may be delivered to the Deputy General Manager of 
Capital Markets at the specified office for the time being of the Guarantor. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of any Instruments or 
Coupons, create and issue further instruments having the same terms and conditions as such 
Instruments in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest, if any, on them 
and/or the denomination thereof) so as to form a single series with the Instruments of any particular 
Series. 
16. 
Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Instruments are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the 
Final Terms or, in the case of Instruments which have been redenominated pursuant to Condition 
9F (Redenomination), the Euro (the "Contractual Currency"), is the sole currency of account and 
payment for all sums payable by the Issuer in respect of the Instruments, including damages. Any 
amount received or recovered in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a 
result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) 
by any Holder of an Instrument or Coupon in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the 
Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the Contractual 
Currency which such Holder is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that 
other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that amount is less 
than the amount in the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder of an Instrument

--- Page 93 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 82 - 
70-41051415 
 
or Coupon in respect of such Instrument or Coupon the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against 
any loss sustained by such Holder as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such 
Holder against any cost of making such purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted 
by any Holder of an Instrument or Coupon and shall continue in full force and effect despite any 
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due in respect of the 
Instruments or any judgment or order. Any such loss aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss 
suffered by the relevant Holder of an Instrument or Coupon and no proof or evidence of any actual 
loss will be required by the Issuer. 
17. 
Waiver and Remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder of any Instrument, any 
right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof 
preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder 
shall be in addition to all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall 
constitute a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, similar or other instances without 
such notice or demand. 
18. 
Substitution; Merger, Consolidation, etc. Only on Certain Terms 
18.01 
Provided the Instruments remain subject to Law 10/2014 at all times, the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) (each a "Substitute Debtor") may, without the consent of the 
Holders of any Instruments, Receipts or Coupons, assume the obligations of the Issuer (or any 
previous Substitute Debtor) under and in respect of any Instruments upon: 
(a) 
Deed poll: the execution of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") by the Substitute Debtor and (if 
the Substitute Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor in a form which gives full effect 
to such assumption and which includes (without limitation): 
(i) 
a covenant by the Substitute Debtor in favour of the Holders of the relevant 
Instruments to be bound by these Terms and Conditions as if it had been named 
herein and therein as the Issuer; 
(ii) 
if the Substitute Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for tax purposes in 
a territory other than the Kingdom of Spain, a covenant by the Substitute Debtor 
corresponding to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) with the addition of 
such territory to the references to the Kingdom of Spain; 
(iii) 
if the Substitute Debtor is not the Guarantor, a covenant by the Guarantor in 
favour of the Holders of the relevant Instruments guaranteeing the obligations of 
the Substitute Debtor under and by virtue of the Deed Poll; and 
(iv) 
an acknowledgment of the right of all Holders of the relevant Instruments to the 
production of the Deed Poll; and 
(b) 
Legal opinion: the delivery by the Issuer to the Issue and Paying Agent of an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that: 
(i) 
the Deed Poll constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute Debtor and, if the Substitute Debtor is not the Guarantor, the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the relevant Instruments constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute Debtor; and 
(iii) 
if the Substitute Debtor is not the Guarantor, the Guarantee constitutes legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Guarantor in respect of all sums from 
time to time payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the relevant 
Instruments.

--- Page 94 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 83 - 
70-41051415 
 
Upon the assumption by the Substitute Debtor of the Issuer's obligations under and in respect of 
the relevant Instruments, and provided that immediately after giving effect to such assumption, 
no Event of Default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an 
Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing, the Issuer shall be released from such 
obligations and, thereafter, all references in the relevant Instruments and the Coupons to the Issuer 
shall be deemed to be references to the Substitute Debtor. 
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any Person, any other Person (whether or not now existing) 
which is controlled directly or indirectly, or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share 
capital (or equivalent) is then held or beneficially owned by, the first Person and/or any one or 
more of the first Person's Subsidiaries, and "control" means the power to appoint the majority of 
the members of the governing body or management of, or otherwise to control the affairs and 
policies of, that Person. 
The Deed Poll shall be deposited with and held by the Issue and Paying Agent until all the 
obligations of the Issuer under and in respect of the relevant Instruments have been discharged in 
full. Notice of the assumption by the Substitute Debtor of the Issuer's obligations under and in 
respect of the relevant Instruments shall promptly be given to the Holders of the relevant 
Instruments. 
18.02 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall consolidate with or merge (which term shall include for 
the avoidance of doubt a scheme of arrangement) into any other Person or convey, transfer or lease 
its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, and neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor shall permit any Person to consolidate with or merge into the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, unless: 
(i) 
in the case the Issuer or the Guarantor shall consolidate with or merge into another Person 
or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any 
Person, the Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer or the Guarantor 
is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance or transfer, or which leases, the 
properties and assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor substantially as an entirety shall be a 
corporation, partnership or trust, shall be organised and validly existing, under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of its organisation and shall expressly assume the due and punctual 
payment of the principal, premium (if any) and interest due in respect of the Instruments 
and the performance or observance of every covenant under these Terms and Conditions 
on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed and, in the case of the Guarantor, the 
due and punctual payment of the principal, premium (if any) and interest due in respect of 
the Instruments and the performance or observance of every covenant under these Terms 
and Conditions on the part of the Guarantor to be performed or observed; 
(ii) 
if the Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer or the Guarantor is 
merged or to whom the Issuer or the Guarantor has conveyed, transferred or leased its 
properties or assets is a Person organised and validly existing under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain, such Person agrees to indemnify the Holders 
of the Instruments against (a) any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on any 
such Holder or required to be withheld or deducted from any payment to such Holder as a 
consequence of such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease; and (b) any 
costs or expenses of the act of such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease; 
(iii) 
immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction, no Event of Default, and no 
event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default, shall 
have occurred; 
(iv) 
the consummation of such transaction must not cause an Event of Default under these 
Terms and Conditions or the Guarantee which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, does not reasonably believe that can be cured within 90 days from the date of such 
transaction; and 
(v) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor has delivered to the Issue and Paying Agent a certificate signed 
by one director of the Issuer or one director of the Guarantor and an opinion of counsel

--- Page 95 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 84 - 
70-41051415 
 
(as defined below), each stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or 
lease comply with this Condition and that all conditions precedent herein provided for 
relating to such transaction have been complied with. 
Upon any consolidation of the Issuer or the Guarantor with, or merger of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
into, any other Person or any conveyance, transfer or lease of the properties and assets of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor substantially as an entirety in accordance with this Condition 18.02, the successor 
Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer or the Guarantor is merged or to 
which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may 
exercise every right and power of, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, under these 
Terms and Conditions with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the 
Issuer or the Guarantor herein, as the case may be, and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the 
predecessor Person shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under these Terms and 
Conditions and the Instruments. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.02, "opinion of counsel" means a written opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing or internal legal counsel for the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
18.03 
For so long as Law 10/2014 applies to the Instruments, the Guarantor shall maintain direct or 
indirect ownership of the whole of the voting rights in respect of the shares of the Issuer or, 
following a substitution in accordance with Condition 18.01, the relevant Substitute Debtor. 
19. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
19.01 
Save as described below, the Instruments and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Instruments, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee 
(except Clause 5 (Status)) and the Deed of Covenant are governed by English law. Condition 3 
(Status of the Instruments and the Guarantee) and Clause 5 (Status) of the Deed of Guarantee, are 
governed by Spanish law. 
19.02 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from 
or connected with the Instruments (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or 
termination of the Instruments or any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Instruments or the consequences of their nullity). 
19.03 
The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle 
any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
19.04 
Condition 19.03 is for the benefit of the Holders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 19 
(Law and Jurisdiction) prevents any Holder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Holders may 
take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.05 
The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents 
required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to 
Telefónica Digital Ltd., Highdown House, Yeoman Way, Worthing, West Sussex BN99 
3HH, United Kingdom, or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of 
the Issuer in England at which process may be served on it. If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall forthwith 
appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf in England and notify 
the name and address of such person to the Issue and Paying Agent and, failing such appointment 
within 15 days, any Holder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed 
to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent. 
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Holder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
The Instruments are issued in accordance with requirements prescribed by Spanish company law. On the 
insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer or the Guarantor, the Spanish Insolvency Law will determine the 
ranking of the Instruments and/or the Guarantee, and will prevail over certain provisions of Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments and/or the Guarantee.

--- Page 96 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 85 - 
70-41051415 
 
20. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Instrument under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 97 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 86 - 
70-41051415 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
The text of the Deed of Guarantee is as follows: 
THIS GUARANTEE is issued on 6 April 2022 
 
BY 
TELEFÓNICA, S.A. (the "Guarantor") 
IN FAVOUR OF the Holders (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments) and the Relevant 
Account Holders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant referred to below, and together with the Holders, the 
"Beneficiaries"). 
WHEREAS 
(A) 
Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. (the "Issuer"), the Guarantor and others have established a 
programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of debt instruments, in connection with which 
Programme they have entered into, inter alia, an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement (the "Issue and Paying Agency Agreement") dated 6 April 2022 and made between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as issue and paying 
agent (the "Issue and Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor issue and 
paying agent) and others and the Issuer has executed and delivered a deed of covenant (the "Deed 
of Covenant") dated 6 April 2022. 
(B) 
Instruments will be issued on a listed basis. 
(C) 
The Guarantor has agreed, upon the terms set out herein, to guarantee the payment of all sums 
expressed to be payable from time to time by the Issuer in respect of Instruments issued under the 
Programme and under the Deed of Covenant as of or subsequent to the date hereof. 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
INTERPRETATION AND BENEFIT OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
1.1 
Unless otherwise defined herein or unless the context requires otherwise, expressions defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments (the "Conditions" and each a "Condition") or the 
Deed of Covenant have the same meanings in this Guarantee except where the context requires 
otherwise or unless otherwise stated. 
1.2 
Any Instruments issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Guarantee shall have the 
benefit of this Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any subsequent deed of guarantee relating 
to the Programme (unless expressly so provided in any such subsequent deed). 
1.3 
Any reference in this Guarantee to a Clause is, unless otherwise stated, to a clause hereof. 
1.4 
All references in this Guarantee to an agreement, instrument or other document (including the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant) shall be construed as a reference to that 
agreement, instrument or other document as the same may be amended, supplemented, replaced or 
novated from time to time. 
1.5 
Any reference in this Guarantee to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or 
other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
1.6 
Headings and sub-headings are for ease of reference only and shall not affect the construction of 
this Guarantee.

--- Page 98 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 87 - 
70-41051415 
 
2. 
GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY 
2.1 
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees: 
(a) 
to the Holder of each Instrument the due and punctual payment of all sums expressed to 
be payable from time to time by the Issuer in respect of such Instrument as and when the 
same become due and payable and accordingly undertakes to pay to such Holder, forthwith 
in the manner and currency prescribed by the relevant Instrument for payments by the 
Issuer in respect thereof, any and every sum or sums which the Issuer is at any time liable 
to pay in respect of such Instrument in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such 
Instruments and which the Issuer has failed to pay; and 
(b) 
to each Relevant Account Holder the due and punctual payment of all sums which become 
payable from time to time by the Issuer to such Relevant Account Holder in respect of the 
Direct Rights as and when the same become due and payable and accordingly undertakes 
to pay to such Relevant Account Holder, forthwith in the manner and currency prescribed 
by the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Instruments for payments by the Issuer 
thereunder, any and every sum or sums which the Issuer is at any time liable to pay to such 
Relevant Account Holder in respect of the Direct Rights in accordance with the Deed of 
Covenant and which the Issuer has failed to pay. 
2.2 
The Guarantor undertakes to each Beneficiary that, if any sum referred to in Clause 2.1 is not 
recoverable from the Guarantor thereunder for any reason whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, by reason of any Instrument or the Deed of Covenant (or any provision thereof) being 
or becoming void, unenforceable or otherwise invalid under any applicable law), then, 
notwithstanding that the same may have been known to such Beneficiary, the Guarantor will, 
forthwith upon demand by such Beneficiary, pay such sum by way of a full indemnity in the 
manner and currency prescribed by such Instrument or (as the case may be) the Deed of Covenant. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations under 
this Guarantee and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
3. 
TAXATION 
The Guarantor covenants in favour of each Beneficiary that it will duly perform and comply with 
the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in Condition 8 (Taxation). 
4. 
PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS 
4.1 
The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be deemed to be undertaken as principal obligor 
and not merely as surety. 
4.2 
The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be continuing obligations notwithstanding any 
settlement of account or other matter or thing whatsoever and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not be considered satisfied by any intermediate payment or satisfaction of all or any of the 
Issuer's obligations under or in respect of any Instrument or the Deed of Covenant and shall 
continue in full force and effect until all sums due from the Issuer in respect of the Instruments and 
under the Deed of Covenant have been paid, and all other obligations of the Issuer thereunder or 
in respect thereof have been satisfied, in full. 
4.3 
Neither the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein nor the rights, powers 
and remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries by this Guarantee or by law shall be discharged, 
impaired or otherwise affected by: 
(a) 
the winding up, bankruptcy (concurso), moratorium or dissolution of the Issuer or 
analogous proceeding in any jurisdiction or any change in its status, function, control or 
ownership; 
(b) 
any of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of any of the Instruments or the 
Deed of Covenant being or becoming illegal, invalid or unenforceable; 
(c) 
time or other indulgence being granted or agreed to be granted to the Issuer in respect of 
its obligations under or in respect of any of the Instruments or the Deed of Covenant;

--- Page 99 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 88 - 
70-41051415 
 
(d) 
any amendment to, or any variation, waiver or release of, any obligation of the Issuer 
under or in respect of any of the Instruments or the Deed of Covenant or any security or 
other guarantee or indemnity in respect thereof; or 
(e) 
any other act, event or omission which, but for this Clause 4.3, might operate to discharge, 
impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein 
or any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries by this Guarantee 
or by law. 
4.4 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and any of the Beneficiaries shall be 
conditional upon no payment to such Beneficiaries by the Issuer or any other person on the Issuer's 
behalf being avoided or reduced by virtue of any provision or enactment relating to bankruptcy, 
insolvency (concurso) or liquidation for the time being in force and, in the event of any such 
payment being so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries shall be entitled to recover the amount by 
which such payment is so avoided or reduced from the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement 
or discharge had not occurred. 
4.5 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred 
upon it by this Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of the Issuer, other than the presentation of the relevant Instrument; 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against the Issuer; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, 
and, save as aforesaid, the Guarantor hereby expressly waives, in respect of each Instrument, 
presentment, demand, protest and notice of dishonour. 
4.6 
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums are or may be owed by the Issuer in respect of the 
Instruments or under the Deed of Covenant or the Issuer is under any other actual or contingent 
obligation thereunder or in respect thereof, the Guarantor will not exercise any right which the 
Guarantor may at any time have by reason of the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations 
hereunder: 
(a) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of the Issuer's obligations under or in 
respect of the Instruments or the Deed of Covenant; 
(b) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security enjoyed in connection with any of 
the Instruments or the Deed of Covenant by any Beneficiary; or 
(c) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against the Issuer in respect of amounts 
paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee. 
5. 
STATUS 
The Guarantor undertakes that its obligations hereunder will at all times rank as described in 
Condition 3 (Status of the Instruments and the Guarantee). 
6. 
DELIVERY 
A duly executed original of this Guarantee shall be delivered promptly after execution to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and such original shall be held to the exclusion of the Guarantor until the date 
on which complete performance by the Guarantor of the obligations contained in this Guarantee 
and in all instruments then outstanding from time to time occurs and no further Instruments can be 
issued under the Programme. A certified copy of this Guarantee may be obtained by any 
Beneficiary from the Issue and Paying Agent at its specified office at the expense of such 
Beneficiary. Any Beneficiary may protect and enforce his rights under this Guarantee (in the courts 
specified in Clause 13 (Law and Jurisdiction) below) upon the basis described in the Deed of 
Covenant (in the case of a Relevant Account Holder) and a copy of this Guarantee certified as 
being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Issue and Paying Agent without the need for 
production in any court of the actual records described in the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee.

--- Page 100 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 89 - 
70-41051415 
 
Any such certification shall be binding, except in the case of manifest error or as may be ordered 
by any court of competent jurisdiction, upon the Guarantor and all Beneficiaries. This Clause shall 
not limit any right of any Beneficiary to the production of the originals of such records or 
documents or this Guarantee in evidence. 
7. 
CONTRACTUAL CURRENCY 
If any sum due from the Guarantor under this Guarantee or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under this Guarantee or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Guarantor, (b) 
obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgement given or made in relation to this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall indemnify each 
Beneficiary on demand against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate 
of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the 
second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Beneficiary may in the ordinary 
course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid 
to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Guarantor and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
8. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
The Guarantor hereby undertakes to comply with and be bound by those provisions of the 
Conditions which relate to it or which are expressed to relate to it. 
9. 
BENEFIT OF GUARANTEE 
9.1 
This Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of the Beneficiaries from time to time. 
9.2 
The obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein shall enure for the benefit of each 
Beneficiary, and each Beneficiary shall be entitled severally to enforce such obligations against 
the Guarantor. 
9.3 
The Guarantor may not assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits or obligations hereunder. 
9.4 
Any Instruments issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Guarantee shall have the 
benefit of this Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any subsequent deed of guarantee relating 
to the Programme (unless expressly so provided in any such subsequent deed). 
10. 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
If at any time any provision hereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of 
any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
11. 
MODIFICATION 
This Guarantee may be modified by the Guarantor in respect of the Instruments of any Series with 
the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution of Holders of the Instruments of such Series.

--- Page 101 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 90 - 
70-41051415 
 
12. 
NOTICES 
12.1 
All communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in writing (by letter or fax) and shall 
be sent to the Guarantor at: 
Address: 
Distrito Telefónica 
Edificio Central 
c/o Ronda de la Comunicación, s/n 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Email:              Francois.Decleve@telefonica.com 
Attention:          François Decleve 
or to such other address or fax number or for the attention of such other person or department as 
the Guarantor has notified to the Holders of the Instruments in the manner prescribed for the giving 
of notices in connection with the Instruments. 
12.2 
Every communication sent in accordance with Clause 12.1 shall be effective upon receipt by the 
Guarantor; and provided, however, that any such notice or communication which would 
otherwise take effect after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 10.00 a.m. on 
the immediately succeeding business day in the place of the Guarantor. 
13. 
LAW AND JURISDICTION 
13.1 
This Guarantee and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The status of this Guarantee 
is governed by Spanish Law. 
13.2 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from 
or connected with this Guarantee (including a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations 
arising from or in connection with this Guarantee, or a dispute regarding the existence, validity or 
termination of this Guarantee) or the consequences of its nullity. 
13.3 
The Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to 
settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
13.4 
Notwithstanding Clause 13.2, the Beneficiaries may take proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the 
Beneficiaries may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
13.5 
The Guarantor agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents 
required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to 
Telefónica Digital Ltd., Highdown House, Yeoman Way, Worthing, West Sussex BN99 
3HH, United Kingdom, or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of 
the Guarantor in England at which process may be served on it. If such person is not or ceases to 
be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Guarantor, the Guarantor 
shall, on the written demand of any Beneficiary addressed and delivered to the Guarantor appoint 
a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment 
within 15 days, any Beneficiary shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice 
addressed to the Guarantor and delivered to the Guarantor or to the specified office of the Issue 
and Paying Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Beneficiary to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. This clause applies to Proceedings in England and 
to Proceedings elsewhere. 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been executed as a deed by the Guarantor and is intended to be 
and is hereby delivered on the date first above written. 
EXECUTED as a deed 
) 
By TELEFÓNICA, S.A. 
) 
acting by: 
)

--- Page 102 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 91 - 
70-41051415 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Final Terms specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Investors" as "Not Applicable"] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is [eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II])]; and (ii) [all 
channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Instruments are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets

--- Page 103 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 92 - 
70-41051415 
 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
TELEFÓNICA EMISIONES, S.A.U. 
LEI: 549300Y5MFC45W5Z3K71 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Instruments][SDG Instruments] 
Unconditionally and Irrevocably Guaranteed by TELEFÓNICA, S.A. 
under the EUR 40,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth on pages 36 to 85, inclusive, of the Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2023 [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Instruments 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain 
the final terms of the Instruments and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Instruments described herein is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to it] [is] [are] available for viewing at 
www.telefonica.com and copies may be obtained from Gran Vía, 28, 28013 Madrid (being the registered 
office of the Issuer), at the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch at 160 Queen Victoria 
Street, London, EC4V 4LA and at the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch at Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
[2005/2006/2009/2010/2011/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/2021/2022] 
Conditions 
(the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated [8 July 2005/5 July 2006/3 July 
2009/23 June 2010/20 June 2011/12 June 2012/12 June 2013/10 June 2014/5 June 2015/13 September 
2016/29 June 2017/19 June 2018/12 April 2019/14 April 2020/15 April 2021/6 April 2022]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Instruments described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2023 [and 
the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base 
prospectus dated [•] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Instruments is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2023 [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated [•] and [•]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement(s) to it] are available for viewing at 
www.telefonica.com and copies may be obtained from Gran Vía, 28, 28013 Madrid (being the registered 
office of the Issuer), at the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch at 160 Queen Victoria 
Street, London, EC4V 4LA and at the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch at Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Telefónica, S.A. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Instruments 
become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Instruments 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•]

--- Page 104 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 93 - 
70-41051415 
 
on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Instrument for interests in the Permanent 
Global Instrument, as referred to in paragraph 23 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
(ii)         Issue Date:   
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[•]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]+/– 
[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
(See paragraph [14/15] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Instruments will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [[•]/[100]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
(N.B. The scheduled redemption amount at 
maturity will be at least 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount of the Instruments) 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Call Option]/[Not Applicable][See paragraph 
[16/17] below] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Instruments: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 
[(iii)] 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Instruments obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 105 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 94 - 
70-41051415 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]/[Additional Business 
Centre(s)]]/[not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, 
CNY0.005 for the case of Renminbi denominated 
Fixed Rate Instruments and to the nearest 
HK$0.01, HK$0.005 for the case of Hong Kong 
dollar denominated Fixed Rate Instruments, being 
rounded upwards] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] / [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (/ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[•] / [As specified in the Conditions] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Not 
applicable]/[Interest 
shall 
be 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in 
arrear on [•][, [•], [•] and [•]] in each year 
commencing on [•], up to and including the 
Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below] 
 
(v) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN Convention/ Eurodollar Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Business Day Convention Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ No Adjustment] 
 
(vii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Issue and Paying Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 106 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 95 - 
70-41051415 
 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] month 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[  ] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the 
SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number 
of 
Index Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]

--- Page 107 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 96 - 
70-41051415 
 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
[Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)]] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (/ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/ 
360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 108 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 97 - 
70-41051415 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Instrument: 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Aggregate principal amount to be 
redeemed: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Reference Bond: 
[[•]/FA Selected Bond/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Quotation Time: 
[[•] 
[London/New 
York/specify] 
time][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Put Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Instrument: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Instrument 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption: 
[Not applicable/[•] per Calculation Amount]  
19. 
Early Termination Amount 
[Not applicable/[•] per Calculation Amount]  
20. 
Redemption following a Substantial 
Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Substantial Purchase Event Threshold 
[•] per cent. 
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
22. 
Form of Instruments: 
[Bearer Instruments: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Instrument 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Instruments on [•] 
days' 
notice/at 
any 
time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Instrument] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for 
Definitive Instruments on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for 
Definitive Instruments on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Instrument]

--- Page 109 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 98 - 
70-41051415 
 
 
 
[Registered Instruments] 
23. 
New Global Instrument: 
[Yes]/[No] 
24. 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Instruments (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[No.] / [Yes. As the Instruments have more than 27 
Coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
Coupon payments are still to be made.] 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Instruments: 
amount of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
27. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions in Condition 9F 
(Redenomination) apply/ The provisions in 
Condition 9G (Exchangeability) apply] 
28. 
Instruments where the Specified Currency 
is 
Renminbi: 
Party responsible 
for 
calculating the Spot Rate: 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
29. 
Commissioner: 
[Not Applicable/[•] (specify for fungible issuances, 
if applicable)] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of 
TELEFÓNICA EMISIONES, S.A.U.: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
SIGNED on behalf of 
TELEFÓNICA, S.A.: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 110 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 99 - 
70-41051415 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading  
[[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Instruments to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of The 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin, 
with effect from [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Instruments to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's Investors Service España, S.A.: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[EEA Registered and UK endorsed/certified] 
[[•] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended.] [The 
rating [•] has given to the Instruments is endorsed by 
[•], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] / [•] has 
been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018.] / [•] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA") and the rating it has given to the Instruments 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulations] 
[UK Registered and EEA endorsed/certified] 
[[•] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
rating it European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]. / 
[The rating [•] has given to the Instruments is 
endorsed by [•], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended] / [•] has been certified under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended. / [•] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Instruments is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 111 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 100 - 
70-41051415 
 
 
 
Non-EEA/UK registered but endorsed in the EEA/UK 
[[•] is not established in the [EEA/UK] but the rating 
it has given to the Instruments is endorsed by [[•] 
which is established in the [EEA/UK] and registered 
under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended / 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
rating it European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
 
 
Non-EEA/UK registered but certified in the EEA/UK 
[[•] is not established in the [EEA/UK] but is certified 
under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended / 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
rating it European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
Non-EEA/UK 
registered 
and 
no 
EEA/UK 
certification or endorsement 
[[•] is not established in the [EEA/UK] and is not 
certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") / Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the rating it 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA")] and the rating it has given to the Instruments 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the [EEA/UK] and registered under the [EU CRA 
Regulation/UK CRA Regulation] 
 
[Add a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if previously published by the relevant 
ratings provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Instruments has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business.]/[•]/[Not Applicable] 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Estimated Net Proceeds: [•] 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Instruments will be allocated to 
[•]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Instruments will be allocated to 
Eligible Projects]/ [Include further description if necessary]/[Not Applicable]] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Instruments only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield.]

--- Page 112 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 101 - 
70-41051415 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / 
Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / 
Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be 
"Not Applicable") 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[•] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]:  
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 
(Register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
US Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 113 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 102 - 
70-41051415 
 
 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 114 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 103 - 
70-41051415 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Instruments will either be applied by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group to (i) meet part of their general financing requirements or (ii) to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, subject to specific eligibility criteria to be applied to new or 
existing projects, eligible projects ("Eligible Projects") as detailed in Telefónica's Sustainable 
Development Goals Framework (the "SDG Framework"). The SDG Framework is in accordance with the 
Green Bond Principles 2018, Social Bond Principles 2020 and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018, each 
published by the International Capital Market Association. 
The SDG Framework is available at: 
https://www.telefonica.com/es/wp-content/uploads/sites/4/2021/02/Telefonica-Framework-Green-Social-
Bonds-20210122.pdf 
The Second-Party Opinion from Sustainalytics B.V. dated 22 January 2021 (the "Second-Party Opinion") 
is available at: 
https://www.telefonica.com/es/wp-content/uploads/sites/4/2021/08/Telefonica-SDG-Framework-Second-
Party-Opinion-20210122.pdf  
Examples of Eligible Projects in relation to the energy efficiency of the Telefónica network infrastructure 
include: 
• 
Modernisation of broadband networks, both fixed and mobile (5G deployment). Optic fiber 
deployment, with the aim of transforming wireline legacy copper networks into latest generation 
fiber networks. 
• 
Improvement of supporting infrastructure with a view to making it more efficient (including but 
not limited to: free cooling systems, cooling optimization, power modernisation, smart 
management, intelligent lighting or optimization of power storage). This also includes digital 
process transformation, such as automatisation of maintenance processes. 
• 
Software aimed at reducing power consumption, such as, but not limited to, power saving features, 
servers virtualisation, remote and data management applications, machine learning and artificial 
intelligence applications. 
Examples of Eligible Projects in relation to the implementation of Telefónica's renewable energy plan: 
• 
Self-generation of electricity from renewable sources such as solar, wind, mini-hydro and 
geothermal (excluding large hydro over 25 megawatts and geothermal with life cycle greenhouse 
gas emissions > 100 grams of carbon dioxide per kilowatt hour). 
Examples of Eligible Projects in relation to the implementation of Digital Solutions for the Environment: 
• 
Development and implementation of digital products and services, based on Internet of Things 
(IoT), Big data or Artificial Intelligence (AI), which aims at savings energy or natural resources. 
Examples of Eligible Projects in relation to Inclusive Connectivity accelerating deployment of broadband 
in unconnected or underserved areas: 
• 
Overcoming the inequality of broadband in rural and remote areas through the deployment, 
extending and optimization of fixed or mobile connectivity to provide Internet access with 
sufficient bandwidth to underserved population. 
Examples of Eligible Projects in relation to supporting Employment Generation, entrepreneurships and 
development of new digital skills: 
• 
Investing directly in start-ups and small and medium sized enterprises through Telefónica's Open 
Innovation vehicles to promote innovation and foster employment ecosystems in countries where 
unemployment is a critical risk for socio-economic development and social welfare.

--- Page 115 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 104 - 
70-41051415 
 
The list of eligibility criteria within the SDG Framework may be further updated as new technologies 
develop and other circumstances evolve. 
Eligible Projects refer to new investments made after issuance as well as the refinancing of any investments 
made in the period of two years prior to issuance of the Instruments. 
An SDG bond committee / working group will monitor the project selection and evaluate allocation process 
as per the eligibility criteria set out in the SDG Framework. This committee will be composed of senior 
management representatives from Telefónica's Finance, Sustainability and Control departments alongside 
representatives from other key technical areas. 
The SDG bond committee / working group will be responsible for: 
- 
Review and validation of the selection of Eligible Projects based on the defined eligible categories 
listed above. 
- 
Monitoring the Eligible Projects portfolio during the life of the Instruments. The SDG bond 
committee / working group can decide to replace an Eligible Project if it no longer meets the 
eligibility criteria. 
- 
Management of any future updates to the SDG Framework. 
Telefónica may amend or update the SDG Framework in the future. Any change to the SDG Framework 
would be publicly announced. The SDG Framework, including any changes thereto, will be available on 
Telefónica's website at SDG Framework - Telefónica (telefonica.com). 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the SDG Framework nor the Second-Party Opinion are, nor shall either 
of them be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 116 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 105 - 
70-41051415 
 
TELEFÓNICA EMISIONES, S.A.U. 
Introduction 
Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. (the "Issuer") was incorporated for an indefinite period on 29 November 
2004 as a Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (limited liability company with a sole shareholder) registered in 
the Commercial Registry of Madrid at Tome 20,733, Book 0, Sheet 77, Section 8, Page M-367261, 
Registration 1. The registered office of the Issuer is at Gran Vía 28, 28013 Madrid, Spain, the Shareholder's 
office free telephone helpline number (Spain) is +34 900 111 004 and the Investor Relations telephone 
number is +34 91 482 87 00. The authorised share capital of the Issuer is EUR 62,000 represented by 62,000 
registered shares having a nominal value of EUR 1 each, numbered 1 to 62,000. The share capital of the 
Issuer is fully subscribed and paid up by Telefónica, S.A. as the sole shareholder. 
The Issuer is governed by the consolidated text of the Spanish Corporations Law, approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital, aprobado por 
el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio). 
Business Overview 
The objects of the Issuer are the issuance of participaciones preferentes (preferred shares) and/or other 
financial instruments. 
The Issuer lends the proceeds of financial instruments to the Guarantor and other members of the Group 
and is dependent on repayment of the relevant intra-group financing to service payments of principal and 
interest on its financial instruments. This does not give rise to any potential conflicts of interest. 
The Issuer has not engaged, since its incorporation, in any activities other than those incidental to its 
incorporation, the establishment and listing of the Programme and matters referred to as contemplated in 
this Base Prospectus and the authorisation, execution, delivery and performance of the other documents to 
which it is or will be a party and matters which are incidental or ancillary to the aforegoing. 
Recent Developments 
On 23 January 2023, Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. redeemed EUR 1,277 million of its notes issued on 22 
January 2013. These notes were guaranteed by Telefónica, S.A.. 
Directors 
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Principal occupation 
Principal External Activities 
Carlos David Maroto Sobrado ................. 
Director 
Head of Financing at Telefónica, S.A. 
 
 
Telefónica Participaciones, S.A.U. (Joint and Several 
Director) 
 
 
Director of Telefónica Europe, B.V. 
Director of Virgin Media, Inc. 
Francisco Javier Ariza Garrote ................ 
Director 
Telefónica Participaciones, S.A.U. (Joint and Several 
Director) 
Telefónica Latinoamérica Holding, S.L. 
Alianza Atlántica Holding B.V. 
 
 
 
The business address of each of the directors of the Issuer is Distrito Telefónica, Edificio Central, c/Ronda 
de la Comunicación, s/n, 28050 Madrid. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Issuer to the 
Issuer and their respective private interests and/or other duties. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 were PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, S.L., registered auditors in Spain in the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas ("ROAC"), 
with registration number S0242 and with its registered address at Torre PwC, Paseo de la Castellana, 259B, 
28046 Madrid, Spain.

--- Page 117 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 106 - 
70-41051415 
 
TELEFÓNICA, S.A. 
Introduction 
Telefónica, S.A. is a corporation duly organised and existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain, 
incorporated on 19 April 1924. The Guarantor is governed by the Restated Spanish Companies Act (Texto 
Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July 
2010 (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de 
Sociedades de Capital), as amended. The registered office of the Guarantor is at Gran Vía 28, 28013 
Madrid, Spain, its tax identification number is A-28015865, its telephone number is +34 91 482 34 33 and 
its website is www.telefonica.com. The Telefónica Group is: 
• 
a diversified telecommunications group which provides a comprehensive range of services through 
its large and modern telecommunications networks; 
• 
focused on providing telecommunications services; and 
• 
present principally in Europe and Latin America. 
Telefónica has been assigned long term credit ratings of BBB- (stable outlook), Baa3 (stable outlook), BBB 
(stable outlook), respectively, by S&P, Moody's and Fitch. Telefónica has been assigned short term credit 
ratings of A3, P3 and F3, respectively, by S&P, Moody's and Fitch. S&P, Moody's and Fitch are established 
in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings S&P, Moody's and Fitch 
have given Telefónica have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Moody's Investors Service 
Ltd and Fitch Ratings Ltd (respectively) which are established in the United Kingdom and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
Recent Developments 
The principal events that have occurred since 31 December 2022, are set forth below: 
• 
On 13 January 2023, the first annual extension of the sustainability-linked syndicated credit facility 
for EUR 5,500 million of Telefónica, S.A. was exercised. The new expiration date is 13 January 
2028. 
• 
On 18 January 2023, Telefónica informed that, once the corresponding regulatory and competition 
approvals were obtained, Pontel Participaciones, S.L., Telefónica's subsidiary held 83.35 per cent. 
by Telefónica and 16.65 per cent. by Pontegadea Inversiones, S.L., acquired 40 per cent. of the 
share capital of Telxius Telecom, S.A. from Taurus Bidco S.à r.l. (a company managed by KKR). 
As a result of the transaction, Pontel Participaciones, S.L., which held the remaining 60 per cent. 
of Telxius Telecom, S.A.'s share capital, has become the sole shareholder of Telxius Telecom, S.A. 
Likewise, Pontegadea Inversiones, S.L. increased its holding in Pontel Participaciones, S.L. to 30 
per cent. and Telefónica has now a 70 per cent. 
• 
On 23 January 2023, Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. redeemed EUR 1,277 million of its notes issued 
on 22 January 2013. These notes were guaranteed by Telefónica, S.A. 
• 
In January 2023, Telefónica Europe, B.V. carried out the following transactions related to its 
capital structure: 
• 
a new issue amounting to EUR 1,000 million, guaranteed by Telefónica, S.A. An amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the securities will be subject to specific eligibility 
criteria to be applied to finance new or refinance existing projects, as detailed in 
Telefónica's SDG Framework. The settlement took place on 2 February 2023; and 
• 
a tender offer for the following hybrid instruments: (i) any outstanding EUR 1,250 million 
Undated 5.7 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Guaranteed Fixed Rate Reset Securities 
(the "September 2023 Notes") and (ii) any outstanding EUR 1,000 million Undated 10 
Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Guaranteed Fixed Rate Reset Securities (the "March 
2024 Notes"), irrevocably guaranteed by Telefónica, S.A. Telefónica Europe, B.V. 
accepted the purchase in cash of the tendered securities for an aggregate principal amount,

--- Page 118 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 107 - 
70-41051415 
 
with respect to the September 2023 Notes, of EUR 388 million, and an aggregate principal 
amount, with respect to the March 2024 Notes, of EUR 612 million. The tender offer 
settled on 3 February 2023. 
• 
On 14 February 2023, Telefónica, S.A. signed a bilateral loan of EUR 150 million and maturing 
in 2033. 
• 
On 23 February 2023, Telefónica filed with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission its annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
• 
On 24 February 2023, the Board of Directors of Telefónica resolved to call the Annual General 
Shareholders' Meeting to be held in Madrid, at the offices of Telefónica, S.A. located in Distrito 
Telefónica, Ronda de la Comunicación s/n, Central Building Auditorium, at 11:00 a.m. on 31 
March 2023 on second call, in the event that the legally required quorum is not reached and 
therefore the Meeting cannot be held on the first call that is hereby called on 30 March 2023 at the 
same place and time. 
• 
On 31 March 2023, The Annual General Shareholders' Meeting of Telefónica held at second call 
approved all the resolutions submitted by the Board of Directors for deliberation and vote by the 
General Shareholders' Meeting. Likewise, it was informed that the proposal made during the 
Meeting by a shareholder was rejected. 
• 
On 31 March 2023, the Board of Directors of Telefónica at its meeting held on such date, resolved 
to carry out the implementation of the share capital reduction through the cancellation of own 
shares approved by the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on such date under item IV of 
its Agenda. The share capital of Telefónica has been reduced in the amount of 24,779,409 euros, 
through the cancellation of 24,779,409 own shares of the Company currently held as treasury stock, 
with a nominal value of one euro each. The share capital of the Company resulting from de 
reduction has been set at € 5,750,458,145 corresponding to 5,750,458,145 shares with a nominal 
value of one euro each. The reduction does not entail the return of contributions to the shareholders 
since the Company is the owner of the cancelled shares. The reduction has been carried out with a 
charge to unrestricted reserves, through the provision of a reserve for cancelled share capital in an 
amount equal to the nominal value of the cancelled shares (i.e. for an amount of € 24,779,409), 
which may only be used in compliance with the same requirements as those established for the 
reduction of share capital, by application of the provisions of section 335. c) of the Spanish 
Companies Act. Accordingly, as laid down in such section, the creditors of the Company do not 
have the right to oppose the reduction mentioned in section 334 of the Spanish Companies Act in 
connection with the share capital reduction. The announcements of the reduction of share capital 
will be published in the Official Companies Registry Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Registro 
Mercantil) and in the Company's corporate website (www.telefonica.com) at the beginning of 
April 2023. Thereafter, the public deed regarding the reduction of share capital and the amendment 
of the Bylaws will be granted and registered with the Mercantile Registry of Madrid, and the 
Company will request the exclusion from the accounting register of Sociedad de Gestión de los 
Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. and from official trading on 
the securities markets.  
• 
In addition, on 31 March 2023, the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting agreed the distribution 
of a dividend in cash charged to unrestricted reserves, by means of a payment of a fixed gross 
amount of € 0.30 during 2023 payable in two tranches, for each existing Company share and 
carrying entitlement to this distribution on the following dates: (i) the first payment in cash of a 
gross amount of € 0.15 per share will be on 15 June 2023 and (ii) the second payment in cash of a 
gross amount of € 0.15 per share will be on 14 December 2023. The required withholdings will be 
made on said gross amounts in accordance with the applicable regulations. 
Business Overview 
Highlights 
Telefónica's total accesses include Oi accesses base since 1 April 2022 within Telefónica Brazil and 
exclude Telefónica El Salvador since January 1, 2022, totalling 383.1 million as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 119 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 108 - 
70-41051415 
 
Accesses base increased by 3.8% year-on-year, mainly due to the prior impacts. Excluding the sale of 
Telefónica El Salvador, the increase of the accesses base was 4.3%. 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses over the past two years as of 31 December of such years: 
Accesses 
Thousands of accesses 
2022 
2021 
% Reported 
Change Year-on-
Year 
% Organic 
Change Year-on-
Year 
Fixed telephony accesses (1) ............................ 
27,941.9 
29,966.9 
(6.8%) 
(6.4%) 
Broadband ...................................................... 
26,303.9 
25,833.3 
1.8% 
1.8% 
UBB ............................................................ 
23,757.7 
22,281.8 
6.6% 
6.6% 
        FTTH .................................................. 
14,273.0 
12,243.8 
16.6% 
16.6% 
Mobile accesses .............................................. 
292,168.1 
277,793.3 
5.2% 
5.8% 
Prepay ......................................................... 
129,685.7 
129,675.7 
0.0% 
1.2% 
Contract....................................................... 
126,242.3 
117,432.1 
7.5% 
7.7% 
IoT .............................................................. 
36,240.1 
30,685.4 
18.1% 
18.1% 
Pay TV ........................................................... 
10,586.5 
11,111.7 
(4.7%) 
(4.7%) 
Retail Accesses .............................................. 
357,213.3 
344,945.5 
3.6% 
4.1% 
Wholesale Accesses ....................................... 
25,932.9 
24,173.3 
7.3% 
7.3% 
Fixed wholesale accesses ............................ 
3,665.7 
3,694.5 
(0.8%) 
(0.8%) 
FTTH wholesale accesses ........................... 
3,211.7 
2,988.0 
7.5% 
7.5% 
Mobile wholesale accesses .......................... 
22,267.2 
20,478.8 
8.7% 
8.7% 
Total Accesses ............................................... 
383,146.2 
369,118.9 
3.8% 
4.3% 
 _______________  
- 
The table includes, with respect to 2021, accesses of Telefónica El Salvador (1.8 million total accesses as of 31 December 2021). 
The sale of Telefónica El Salvador was completed on 13 January 2022. 
(1) Includes "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
The table below shows the contribution to reported growth of each item considered to calculate the organic 
variations, as explained below. For each line item, the contribution to reported growth, expressed in p.p., is 
the result of dividing the amount of each impact (on a net basis when the impact affects both years) by the 
consolidated reported figure for the previous year. 
Contribution to the reported growth (percentage points) 
Thousands of accesses 
% Reported 
Change Year-on-
Year 
% Organic 
Change Year-on-
Year 
Telefónica El 
Salvador 
Fixed telephony accesses ......................................................... 
(6.8%) 
(6.4%) 
— 
Broadband ............................................................................... 
1.8% 
1.8% 
— 
UBB ..................................................................................... 
6.6% 
6.6% 
— 
        FTTH ........................................................................... 
16.6% 
16.6% 
— 
Mobile accesses ....................................................................... 
5.2% 
5.8% 
(0.5) 
Prepay .................................................................................. 
0.0% 
1.2% 
(0.4) 
Contract................................................................................ 
7.5% 
7.7% 
(0.1) 
IoT ....................................................................................... 
18.1% 
18.1% 
— 
Pay TV .................................................................................... 
(4.7%) 
(4.7%) 
— 
Retail Accesses ....................................................................... 
3.6% 
4.1% 
(0.5) 
Wholesale Accesses ................................................................ 
7.3% 
7.3% 
— 
Fixed wholesale accesses ..................................................... 
(0.8%) 
(0.8%) 
— 
FTTH wholesale accesses .................................................... 
7.5% 
7.5% 
— 
Mobile wholesale accesses ................................................... 
8.7% 
8.7% 
— 
Total Accesses ........................................................................ 
3.8% 
4.3% 
(0.5) 
 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses by segment: 
 
Year-on-Year 
variation 
% Over Total Accesses 
 
 
2021 
2022 
Accesses 2022 
 
 
 
Telefónica Spain ............................................................................. 
0.9% 
10.9% 
10.6% 
Telefónica United Kingdom / VMED O2 UK (1) ............................ 
3.1% 
15.2% 
15.1% 
Telefónica Germany ....................................................................... 
(2.6%) 
13.6% 
12.8% 
Telefónica Brazil ............................................................................ 
13.7% 
26.8% 
29.3% 
Telefónica Hispam .......................................................................... 
0.5% 
29.9% 
29.0% 
Other companies ............................................................................. 
(6.6%) 
3.7% 
3.3%

--- Page 120 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 109 - 
70-41051415 
 
 _______________  
(1) The former Telefónica United Kingdom segment was replaced by our new VMED O2 UK segment on 1 June 2021. 
Mobile accesses totalled 292.2 million as of 31 December 2022, up 5.2% compared to 31 December 2021, 
mainly due to the inclusion of Oi's mobile accesses, partially offset by the sale of Telefónica El Salvador. 
Excluding the sale of Telefónica El Salvador, mobile accesses increased by 5.8%. Postpaid accesses 
represented 49.3% of the mobile accesses excluding IoT accesses (+1.8 p.p. and +1.6 p.p. excluding the 
impact of the sale of Telefónica El Salvador). 
Fixed broadband accesses stood at 26.3 million at 31 December 2022, up 1.8% year-on-year. Retail fiber 
(FTTH) accesses stood at 14.3 million at 31 December 2022, growing by 16.6% compared to December 
31, 2021. 
Pay TV accesses totalled 10.6 million as of 31 December 2022, down 4.7% year-on-year mainly due to 
lower accesses in Telefónica Spain. 
The tables below show the evolution of Telefónica's estimated access market share for mobile and fixed 
broadband for the past two years. 
Competitive Position Evolution 
 
Mobile Market Share (1) 
Telefónica 
2021 
2022 
Spain .................................................................................................................................................. 
27.6 % 
27.5 % 
United Kingdom (2) ............................................................................................................................ 
30.1 % 
29.6 % 
Germany ............................................................................................................................................ 
34.9 % 
34.2 % 
Brazil ................................................................................................................................................. 
33.1 % 
38.9 % 
Argentina ........................................................................................................................................... 
29.2 % 
28.5 % 
Chile .................................................................................................................................................. 
25.8 % 
25.5 % 
Peru ................................................................................................................................................... 
30.4 % 
29.0 % 
Colombia ........................................................................................................................................... 
26.0 % 
25.6 % 
Venezuela .......................................................................................................................................... 
54.7 % 
53.3 % 
Mexico............................................................................................................................................... 
19.5 % 
18.3 % 
Ecuador ............................................................................................................................................. 
31.5 % 
31.4 % 
Uruguay ............................................................................................................................................. 
29.1 % 
27.8 % 
 _______________  
(1) Internal estimates in both years. 
(2) 
It refers to JV VMED O2 UK market share as of September 2021 and September 2022, respectively. 
 
FBB Market Share (1) 
Telefónica 
2021 
2022 
Spain .................................................................................................................................................. 
35.3 % 
34.0 % 
Brazil ................................................................................................................................................. 
15.3 % 
14.6 % 
Argentina ........................................................................................................................................... 
11.7 % 
11.3 % 
Chile .................................................................................................................................................. 
29.8 % 
31.5 % 
Peru ................................................................................................................................................... 
61.0 % 
55.1 % 
Colombia ........................................................................................................................................... 
13.8 % 
15.1 % 
 _______________  
(1) Internal estimates in both years. 
Segment results 
Telefónica Spain 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses in Telefónica Spain over the past two years as of 31 
December of such years: 
Accesses 
Thousands of accesses 
2022 
2021 
% Reported 
Change Year-on-
Year  
Fixed telephony accesses (1) ................................................................... 
8,102.3 
8,376.3 
(3.3%) 
Broadband ............................................................................................. 
5,854.5 
5,874.9 
(0.3%) 
FTTH ................................................................................................. 
5,042.2 
4,847.6 
4.0% 
Mobile accesses ..................................................................................... 
19,347.3 
18,484.6 
4.7% 
Prepay ................................................................................................ 
796.0 
752.5 
5.8% 
Contract.............................................................................................. 
15,099.5 
15,210.7 
(0.7%) 
IoT ..................................................................................................... 
3,451.8 
2,521.5 
36.9%

--- Page 121 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 110 - 
70-41051415 
 
Thousands of accesses 
2022 
2021 
% Reported 
Change Year-on-
Year  
Pay TV .................................................................................................. 
3,526.3 
3,716.4 
(5.1%) 
Retail Accesses ..................................................................................... 
36,838.9 
36,460.9 
1.0% 
Wholesale Accesses .............................................................................. 
3,653.6 
3,674.3 
(0.6%) 
FTTH Wholesale Accesses ................................................................ 
3,206.1 
2,982.0 
7.5% 
Total Accesses ...................................................................................... 
40,492.6 
40,135.2 
0.9% 
 ________________________  
(1) Includes "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
(2) 
Accesses in 2022 include an upward revision of approximately 500 thousand IoT accesses recorded in March 2022. 
In May 2022, we launched miMovistar, a new global portfolio for the general public through which 
customers will be able to choose the products and services they need in a simple, customizable and flexible 
way. The proposal is the natural evolution of Movistar Fusión, Movistar's benchmark product over the last 
ten years. 
The portfolio starts with connectivity (Internet, voice and data), to which, if the customer wishes, modules 
can be added to include a television content offer and value-added services such as, initially, health, gaming 
and security, to build the most complete and adapted formula that the customer wants. The company plans 
to integrate in the future more services within the miMovistar ecosystem, such as Movistar Car/Moto, 
Movistar Money, Home Insurance, Energy, as well as additional connectivity options. 
With this new move, Telefónica Spain responds to the needs derived from the transformation of the market 
and a consumer who demands flexibility and personalization, both in connectivity services and in content 
or services relevant to his life, while being able to control costs. 
In addition, any of the miMovistar connectivity options also includes a device at no cost to the customer, 
whose catalogue depends on their choice and includes, in addition to smartphones, smart TVs, tablets, 
laptops or smart watches. 
Existing Movistar Fusión customers can choose to continue with their current tariff or switch to miMovistar 
and adapt it to what they choose. 
Telefónica Spain's investment in the 5G mobile network made it possible to achieve 85% of population 
coverage as of 31 December 2022. 
Additionally, in 2022, Telefónica Spain has continued to improve its offer proposals to strengthen its 
relationship with customers and reach new segments, highlighting: 
• 
Solar 360, a joint venture of Repsol and Telefónica Spain formed to develop a solar self-
consumption business. The new company started to operate in June 2022, offering a comprehensive 
self-consumption solution to private customers, communities of neighbours and companies, SMEs, 
and large companies, through solar panel installation. 
• 
Movistar Prosegur Alarmas, a joint venture of Prosegur and Telefónica Spain, which reached 
445 thousand customers as of December 31, 2022. 
Telefónica Spain had 40.5 million accesses as of 31 December 2022, an increase of 0.9% as compared to 
31 December 2021, due to an increase in the IoT accesses base. 
The convergent offer (residential and SMEs) had a customer base of 4.5 million customers as of 31 
December 2022, a decrease of 2.2% y-o-y. 
Retail fixed accesses totaled 8.1 million and decreased 3.3% as compared to 31 December 2021, with a 
net loss of 274 thousand accesses as of  31 December 2022. 
Retail broadband accesses totaled 5.9 million (-0.3% y-o-y), with a net loss of 20 thousand accesses as of 
31 December 2022. 
Retail fiber (FTTH) accesses reached 5.0 million customers (+4.0% as compared to December 31, 2021), 
representing 86.1% of total retail broadband customers (+3.6 p.p. y-o-y) with net adds of 195 thousand

--- Page 122 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 111 - 
70-41051415 
 
accesses as of December 31, 2022. At 31 December 2022, fiber deployment reached 28.0 million premises, 
1.1 million more than at 31 December 2021. 
Total retail mobile accesses stood at 19.3 million as of 31 December 2022, an increase of 4.7% as 
compared to 31 December 2021 as a result of an increase in the IoT accesses base (+36.9% y-o-y impacted 
by an upward revision recorded in March 2022 figures, in an amount of 500 thousand accesses) and prepay 
accesses (+5.8% y-o-y), with a decrease in mobile contract accesses (-0.7% y-o-y). 
Pay TV accesses reached 3.5 million at 31 December 2022, decreasing 5.1% year-on-year due to higher 
penetration of customers in service bundles that do not include TV. 
Wholesale accesses stood at 3.7 million at 31 December 2022, down 0.6% year-on-year, and wholesale 
fiber (FTTH) accesses (87.8% of total wholesale accesses at 31 December 2022 compared with 81.2% at 
December 31, 2021) were up 7.5% year-on-year. 
• 
VMO2 
After receiving the final approval from the UK Competition & Markets Authority (CMA), the joint venture 
between Liberty Global and Telefónica was established on June 1, 2021, and our former Telefónica United 
Kingdom segment was replaced by the new VMO2 segment. Telefónica ceased to fully consolidate the 
results of the entities that composed our former Telefónica United Kingdom segment in its consolidated 
financial statements and started to account for VMO2's results under the equity method. Therefore, since 
June 1, 2021, for purposes of the Group's consolidated results, the results of VMO2 are reflected under a 
single heading of the consolidated income statement, "Share of income of investments accounted for by the 
equity method". However, the VMO2 segment information included in this section is presented under 
management criteria, and shows 100% of the VMO2's results; Telefónica's actual percentage ownership of 
VMO2 is 50%. 
Since it is not practicable to restate the historical segment financial information to reflect this change, the 
segment discussions included in this section consist of (i) for purposes of the 2022-2021 period-on-period 
discussions, an analysis of the results of our VMO2 segment (which, for purposes of 2022, consists of the 
results obtained by VMO2 from January 1 to 31 December 2022, and, for purposes of 2021, consists of the 
results obtained by VMO2 from June 1 (the date on which VMO2 was established) to December 31, 2021). 
More than one year after the formation of VMO2, the company continues to integrate and innovate while 
investing heavily to expand and upgrade its fiber and 5G networks to provide the highest quality 
connectivity to more regions of the country. 
The FTTP speed upgrade of the existing network is accelerating after the completion of tests in the first 
quarter of 2022, paving the way for the planned deployment of fiber throughout the fixed network, which 
began in the fourth quarter of 2022 and is expected to be completed by 2028. 
The "Lightning" project rollout now totals 2.9 million accesses, further reinforcing VMO2's gigabit 
leadership in the UK with speeds of 1.1 Gbps offered across its entire footprint of 16.1 million premises 
passed. 
On 29 July 2022, T. Infra, Liberty Global plc ("Liberty Global") and InfraVia Capital Partners ("InfraVia") 
reached an agreement for the establishment of a joint venture that will deploy fiber-to-the-home (FTTH) to 
5 million homes in the United Kingdom currently not reached by VMO2's ("VMO2") network, with 
potential for expansion to an additional 2 million homes. The fiber network will offer wholesale FTTH 
access to telecommunications service providers, with VMO2 acting as the lead customer, as well as 
providing a range of technical services Liberty Global and Telefónica jointly hold a 50% stake in the joint 
venture through a holding company, with InfraVia owning the remaining 50%. 
VMO2 launched the "Better Connections Plan", its first sustainability strategy, in May 2022 with a 
commitment to reduce carbon emissions, champion the circular economy, such as recycling devices and 
donating smartphones and tablets, and giving back to the community. The company has an ambitious 
commitment to achieve net zero carbon emissions across its operations, products and supply chain by the 
end of 2040, 10 years ahead of the Paris Agreement and the UK's target of net zero emissions by 2050.

--- Page 123 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 112 - 
70-41051415 
 
The following table shows the evolution of accesses in VMO2 in 2022 compared to 2021: 
Accesses 
Thousands of accesses 
2022 
2021 
% Reported Change 
Year-on-Year 
Broadband .................................................................................................... 
5,661.6 
5,626.7 
0.6% 
UBB ............................................................................................................. 
5,653.8 
5,596.8 
1.0% 
Mobile accesses ............................................................................................ 
33,831.3 32,276.8 
4.8% 
Prepay ....................................................................................................... 
7,968.3 
8,119.1 
(1.9%) 
Contract..................................................................................................... 
16,087.6 15,938.1 
0.9% 
IoT ............................................................................................................ 
9,775.5 
8,219.7 
18.9% 
Retail Accesses ............................................................................................ 
46,926.8 46,021.1 
2.0% 
Wholesale Accesses ..................................................................................... 
10,818.6 
9,966.6 
8.5% 
Total Accesses ............................................................................................. 
57,745.4 55,987.8 
3.1% 
 
The total accesses base grew 3.1% year-on-year and stood at 57.7 million as of 31 December 2022, mainly 
driven by the increase in the mobile accesses base, which grew 4.8% year-on-year and reached 33.8 million 
accesses. 
The contract mobile customer base grew 0.9% year-on-year and reached 16.1 million accesses adding 
149.5 thousand new accesses to the base in 2022. Churn remained stable at low levels. 
The prepay mobile customer base decreased 1.9% year-on-year and totalled 8.0 million accesses 
declining 150.8 thousand accesses to the base in 2022. 
IoT mobile customer base grew 18.9% year-on-year and reached 9.8 million accesses underpinned by the 
Smart Metering Programme roll out. 
The fixed broadband base grew 0.6% year-on-year and reached 5.7 million accesses, adding 34.9 
thousand new accesses in 2022. UBB accesses grew 1.0% year-on-year with a net gain of 57.0 thousand 
new accesses in 2022, supported by the increase in customer demand for higher speeds. The company's 
average broadband speed is 301 Mbps and increased 41% year-on-year, five times higher than the national 
average. 
Telefónica Germany 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses in Telefónica Germany over the past two years as of 31 
December of such years: 
Accesses 
Thousands of accesses 
2022 
2021 
% Reported 
Change Year-on-
Year 
Fixed telephony accesses (1) ..........................................................  
2,211.6 
2,179.6 
1.5% 
Broadband ....................................................................................  
2,294.2 
2,262.3 
1.4% 
UBB ..........................................................................................  
1,939.1 
1,856.8 
4.4% 
Mobile accesses ............................................................................  
44,306.6 
45,693.6 
(3.0%) 
Prepay .......................................................................................  
16,274.8 
18,973.0 
(14.2%) 
Contract.....................................................................................  
26,336.2 
25,107.8 
4.9% 
IoT ............................................................................................  
1,695.7 
1,612.8 
5.1% 
Retail Accesses ............................................................................  
48,891.6 
50,219.3 
(2.6%) 
Total Accesses .............................................................................  
48,891.6 
50,219.3 
(2.6%) 
 _______________  
(1) Includes "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
In 2022, Telefónica Germany delivered strong operational and financial momentum. The company 
continues to expand its mobile market share in a rational yet dynamic environment on the back of core 
business strength building on strong O2 brand appeal including strong customer demand for the innovative 
O2 Grow tariff, network parity and ESG leadership. 
Telefónica Germany's key milestones in 2022 were as follows:

--- Page 124 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 113 - 
70-41051415 
 
• 
Sustained commercial momentum, with 1.2 million new clients in contract driven by O2 Free 
portfolio and strong traction of the successful tariff innovation O2 Grow. 
• 
Telefónica Germany successfully completed its three-year "Investment for Growth' program" 
within the planned CapEx budget, making strong progress with network modernization and 5G 
roll-out as well as fulfilling the coverage obligations of the German regulator. Telefónica 
Germany's 5G population coverage stood higher than 80% at year end, significantly over-achieving 
its initial target. The company aims for more than 90% coverage by year-end 2023 and believes it 
is on track to offer nationwide 5G coverage by no later than year-end 2025. 
The total access base decreased 2.6% year-on-year and stood at 48.9 million at 31 December 2022, mainly 
driven by a 3.0% decrease in the mobile accesses base, which reached 44.3 million. 
The contract mobile customer base grew 4.9% year-on-year and reached 26.3 million accesses, increasing 
the share over the total mobile accesses base to 59.4%. Net adds reached 1.2 million accesses driven by 
high O2 brand appeal thanks to the O2 tariff portfolio's gross add momentum in the market and the 
continued solid contribution of partner brands. Churn was 1.3% as of 31 December 2022 (+0.1 p.p. y-o-y) 
leveraging network and service quality and commercial success despite being impacted by the European 
Electronic Communications Code (EECC) introduction, as a result of which contract customers can 
terminate their contracts at any time. 
The prepay mobile customer base decreased 14.2% year-on-year to 16.3 million accesses. This decrease 
was driven mainly by a combination of a technical base adjustment in December 2022 (which was revenue 
neutral) following the introduction of a stricter active SIM card definition and the ongoing German market 
trend of prepaid to postpaid migration leading to a net loss of 2.7 million prepay customers in 2022. 
Broadband accesses reached 2.3 million accesses (up 1.4% y-o-y), with a net add of 31.9 thousand 
accesses in 2022, reflecting the success of the "O2 myHome" tariff portfolio with high-speed cable and 
fiber connections as well as FMS (Fixed Mobile Substitution) driving customer demand. 
Telefónica Brazil 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses in Telefónica Brazil over the past two years as of 31 
December of such years: 
Accesses 
Thousands of accesses 
2022 
2021 
% Reported 
Change Year-on-
Year 
Fixed telephony accesses (1) ..............................................................  
7,012.7 
7,506.5 
(6.6%) 
Broadband ........................................................................................  
6,419.6 
6,262.0 
2.5% 
UBB ..............................................................................................  
5,967.7 
5,535.3 
7.8% 
         FTTH ...................................................................................  
5,482.4 
4,608.7 
19.0% 
Mobile accesses ................................................................................  
97,973.0 
83,912.3 
16.8% 
Prepay ...........................................................................................  
39,305.9 
34,287.3 
14.6% 
Contract.........................................................................................  
43,947.2 
37,166.7 
18.2% 
IoT ................................................................................................  
14,719.9 
12,458.3 
18.2% 
Pay TV .............................................................................................  
966.3 
1,114.8 
(13.3%) 
IPTV .............................................................................................  
898.3 
916.8 
(2.0%) 
Retail Accesses ................................................................................  
112,423.7 
98,853.2 
13.7% 
Total Accesses ................................................................................. 
112,424.0 
98,854.2 
13.7% 
 ________________________  
(1) Includes "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
In 2022, Telefónica Brazil strengthened its leadership in the mobile value segment (38.9% market share as 
of 31 December 2022, source: ANATEL), both due to the organic growth of its customer base and the 
incorporation of Oi's accesses. In the fixed business, Telefónica Brazil continued to focus on the 
implementation of strategic technologies, such as fiber, which offset the decline in the fixed traditional 
business. 
Telefónica Brazil reached 112.4 million accesses as of 31 December 2022, 13.7% higher than 31 December 
2021 due to the sustained growth in the organic mobile business, in addition to the incorporation of the 
customer base of Oi,  and the growth in FTTH, which more than offset the decline in the fixed voice business

--- Page 125 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 114 - 
70-41051415 
 
due to the continuous migration from fixed to mobile, encouraged by unlimited voice offers in the market, 
the contraction of the lower-value fixed broadband customer base and the loss of DTH customers as a result 
of the company's strategic decision to discontinue legacy technologies. 
In the mobile business, Telefónica Brazil strengthened its leadership in terms of total accesses, with an 
access market share of 38.9% as of 31 December 2022 (source: ANATEL) growing both in terms of 
contract customers (+18.2% year-on-year, +11.5% excluding Oi) and of prepaid customers (+14.6% year-
on-year, -1.2% excluding Oi). Telefónica Brazil's strategy continues to be focused on strengthening the 
high-value customer base, reaching a 43.5% contract ex IoT market share as of 31 December 2022 (source: 
ANATEL). Contract commercial offers are focused on data plans, with extra data allowances subject to 
subscription to digital invoice, it is complete with OTT services of their choice (for example, Disney+, 
Netflix, Spotify, Vivo Meditação, Vivo Pay, Babbel, GoRead, among others). The Vivo Travel roaming 
service for voice and data is maintained in a selection of countries of America and Europe, depending on 
the plan. For higher-value customers, family plans are maintained, with a greater number of available apps. 
Additionally, Vivo Easy Prime was launched, with flexible proposals ranging from 7GB to 20GB and 
allowing customers to tailor their plans according to their needs. In the prepaid segment, Telefónica Brazil 
offers VIVO PreTurbo, which includes WhatsApp and unlimited minutes. All of this is supported by the 
interaction with our customers through the AURA virtual assistant in the Meu VIVO application, 
transforming the service channels to improve the user experience. 
In the broadband business, Telefónica Brazil maintained its strategic focus on the deployment of fiber, 
reaching 28.6 million real estate units passed with FTTx access as of 31 December 2022, of which 23.3 
million correspond to FTTH. Additionally, Telefónica Brazil continued to develop alternative deployment 
models to accelerate the expansion of fiber with lower CapEx and a reduced time to market. Telefónica 
Brazil reached 6.0 million connected homes of which 5.5 million homes connected with FTTH as of 31 
December 2022, increasing 7.8% and 19.0% year-on-year, respectively. This growth offset the drop in other 
broadband accesses (xDSL), placing retail broadband accesses at 6.4 million as of 31 December 2022, 
increasing by 2.5% year-on-year. 
Traditional fixed telephony accesses decreased by 6.6% year-on-year due to the aforementioned fixed-
mobile substitution. 
Pay TV customers fell to 1.0 million as of 31 December 2022, decreasing 13.3% year-on-year due to the 
strategic decision to discontinue the DTH service, whose customer base decreased 65.7% year-on-year. 
Telefónica Hispam 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses in Telefónica Hispam over the past two years as of 31 
December of such years: 
Accesses 
Thousands of accesses 
2022 
2021 
% Reported 
Change Year-
on-Year 
Fixed telephony accesses (1) ........................................................................  
6,375.7 
7,034.1 
(9.4%) 
Broadband ..................................................................................................  
6,030.6 
5,756.9 
4.8% 
UBB ........................................................................................................  
5,155.0 
4,432.2 
16.3% 
        FTTH ..............................................................................................  
5,053.9 
4,259.0 
18.7% 
Mobile accesses ..........................................................................................  
95,579.7 
94,612.6 
1.0% 
Prepay .....................................................................................................  
65,340.7 
66,075.3 
(1.1%) 
Contract...................................................................................................  
24,771.9 
23,799.6 
4.1% 
IoT ..........................................................................................................  
5,467.2 
4,737.6 
15.4% 
Pay TV .......................................................................................................  
2,899.8 
2,905.3 
(0.2%) 
IPTV .......................................................................................................  
1,384.7 
913.2 
51.6% 
Retail Accesses ..........................................................................................  
110,958.9 
110,395.5 
0.5% 
Total Accesses ...........................................................................................  
110,970.7 
110,414.7 
0.5% 
 _______________  
(1) Includes "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
Telefónica Hispam's total accesses amounted to 111.0 million as of 31 December 2022 (+0.5% year-on-
year), as a result of the increase in mobile and FTTH accesses.

--- Page 126 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 115 - 
70-41051415 
 
Mobile accesses amounted to 95.6 million, increasing by 1.0% y-o-y mainly due to the higher postpay 
customer base. 
• 
Contract accesses increased by 4.1% year-on-year due to the increase in accesses in Mexico 
(+14.7%), Colombia (+8.4%) and Ecuador (+6.3%), partially offset by the decrease in Venezuela 
(-6.3%). This evolution was mainly driven by the commercial activity recovery and the attractive 
commercial offers. 
• 
Prepay accesses decreased by 1.1% year-on-year, with a net loss of 735 thousand accesses as of 
31 December 2022. The year-on-year accesses evolution was greatly impacted by the loss of 
accesses in Mexico (-921 thousand accesses) due to a higher number of disconnected non-active 
customers. In addition, accesses in Argentina decreased by 696 thousand. The year-on-year 
decrease was partially offset by an increase in accesses in Colombia (+1.3 million accesses), and 
to a lesser extent Ecuador (+155 thousand accesses). 
Fixed accesses stood at 6.4 million as of 31 December 2022 (-9.4% year-on-year) with a net loss of 658 
thousand accesses due to the continued erosion of the traditional fixed business. 
Fixed broadband accesses amounted to 6.0 million as of 31 December 2022 (+4.8% year-on-year). The 
penetration of FBB accesses over fixed accesses stood at 94.6% (+12.7 p.p. y-o-y), as a result of the focus 
on Ultra Broadband (UBB) deployment in the region reaching 5.2 million connected accesses (+16.3% y-
o-y) and 18.8 million premises. The penetration of UBB accesses over fixed broadband accesses stood at 
85.5% (+8.5 p.p. y-o-y). 
Pay TV accesses stood at 2.9 million as of 31 December 2022, with a decrease of 0.2% y-o-y as a result of 
the net loss of 5.5 thousand customers, mainly as a result of the lower Direct-To-Home (DTH) technology 
accesses (-366 thousand accesses) due to the change in commercial strategy as well as the lower cable 
access base (-111.5 thousand accesses),  partially offset by the increase in IPTV accesses (+471.5 thousand 
accesses), in which the Company is placing strategic focus. 
Telefónica's services and products 
New digital technologies are the main driving force of social and economic transformation today. This 
premise is the basis upon which Telefónica builds its vision: it wants to provide access to digital life, using 
the best technology and without leaving anyone behind. 
Connectivity is Telefónica's ally in reducing the digital divide and, due to Telefónica's fixed and mobile 
network infrastructure and the services the Group develops around it, Telefónica can aid progress in the 
communities in which it operates. 
To move towards this vision, Telefónica works on three basic fronts: 
1. 
providing access to technology through digital inclusion, in other words, by means of network roll-
out and an accessible and affordable offer for all sectors of the population; 
2. 
developing innovative services that add value to connectivity and which Telefónica develops 
through innovation: Big Data, the Internet of Things (IoT), eHealth, digital education and 
e-Finances; and 
3. 
incorporating sustainability principles across all of Telefónica's product development processes. 
Mobile business 
Telefónica offers a wide variety of mobile and related services and products to personal and business 
customers. Although they vary from country to country, Telefónica's principal services and products are as 
follows: 
• 
Mobile voice services: One of the main Telefónica's services in all of its markets is mobile voice 
telephony.

--- Page 127 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 116 - 
70-41051415 
 
• 
Value added services: Customers in most of the markets have access to a range of enhanced 
mobile calling features, including voice mail, call on hold, call waiting, call forwarding and three-
way calling. 
• 
Mobile data and Internet services: Current data services offered include Short Messaging 
Services, or SMS, and Multimedia Messaging Services, or MMS, which allow customers to send 
messages with images, photographs, sound recordings and video recordings. Customers may also 
receive selected information, such as news, sports scores and stock quotes. Telefónica also 
provides mobile broadband connectivity and Internet access. Through mobile Internet access, 
customers are able to send and receive e-mail, browse the Internet and access real-time available 
entertainment services (such as video and audio streaming), download games, purchase goods and 
services in m-commerce transactions and use Telefónica's other data and software services. 
• 
Wholesale services: Telefónica has signed network usage agreements with several MVNOs in 
different countries. 
• 
Corporate services: Telefónica provides business solutions, including mobile infrastructure in 
offices, private networking and portals for corporate customers that provide flexible online billing. 
• 
Roaming: Roaming agreements allow Telefónica customers to use their mobile handsets when 
they are outside their service territories, including on an international basis. 
• 
Fixed wireless: Telefónica provides fixed voice telephony services through mobile networks in 
Brazil, Venezuela, Argentina, Peru, Mexico, and Ecuador. Until 24 January 2019 and 16 May 
2019, Telefónica also provided these services in Guatemala and Nicaragua, respectively. Until 13 
January 2022, Telefónica also provided these services in El Salvador. 
• 
Trunking and paging: Telefónica provides digital mobile services for closed user groups of 
clients and paging services in Spain and most of the regions in which it operates in Latin America. 
Fixed-line telephony business 
The principal services Telefónica offers in its fixed businesses in Europe and Latin America are: 
• 
Traditional fixed telecommunication services: Telefónica's traditional fixed telecommunication 
services include PSTN lines; ISDN accesses; public telephone services; local, domestic and 
international 
long-distance 
and 
fixed-to-mobile 
communications 
services; 
corporate 
communications services; supplementary value added services (including call waiting, call 
forwarding, voice and text messaging, advanced voicemail services and conference-call facilities); 
video telephony; business oriented value-added services; intelligent network services; leasing and 
sale of handset equipment; and telephony information services. 
• 
Internet and broadband multimedia services: the principal Internet and broadband multimedia 
services include Internet provider service; portal and network services; retail and wholesale 
broadband access through ADSL, narrowband switched access and other technologies. Telefónica 
also offers high-speed Internet services through fiber to the home (FTTH) in certain markets 
(primarily Spain, Brazil, Chile and through VMO2- the United Kingdom) and VDSL-based 
services (primarily Spain and Germany). Telefónica also offers VoIP services in some markets. 
• 
Data and business-solutions services: the data and business-solutions services principally include 
leased lines; virtual private network, or VPN services; fiber optics services; the provision of 
hosting and application, including web hosting, managed hosting, content delivery and application, 
and security services; outsourcing and consultancy services, including network management, or 
CGP; and desktop services and system integration and professional services. 
• 
Wholesale services for telecommunication operators: the wholesale services for 
telecommunication operators principally include domestic interconnection services; international 
wholesale services; leased lines for other operators; and local loop leasing under the unbundled 
local loop regulation framework. It also includes bit stream services, wholesale line rental accesses 
and leased ducts for other operators' fiber deployment and other agreements to provide wholesale 
access to the Group's fixed infrastructure.

--- Page 128 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 117 - 
70-41051415 
 
Digital services 
The main digital services offered by Telefónica are: 
• 
Video/TV services: Interactive TV services in High Definition (HD) or Ultra High Definition 
(UHD), using several technologies (IPTV, DTH, CATV and OTT) on various types of networks 
(Fiber, Satellite, Cable or Mobile Networks). These services can be provided through a variety of 
devices (TV with STBs, SmartTVs, PCs, Smartphones, Tablets, etc.), allowing also the Multiroom 
function (customers can watch different TV channels in different rooms or different devices 
simultaneously). The service allows the access to lineal TV content with advanced functions such 
as "Restart TV" (which allows a viewer to watch any content from the beginning), "Last 7 days" 
(recordings of content for the last seven days), "cPvR" (recordings using cloud computing) and 
"Down to Play" (downloading the content on the device). Customers also have access to the 
content on demand catalogue (Video on Demand or VoD), in "Subscription Video on Demand" 
(SVoD) or "Pay per View" options, as well as access to content of third parties, such as Netflix, 
Amazon, YouTube and HBO, among others. In addition, Telefónica offers accessible content in 
Spain with subtitles, audio description and sign language functionalities through the Movistar+ 5s 
service, which aims to contribute toward the inclusion of disabled people across the country. 
• 
IoT (Internet of Things): Telefónica's Global IoT portfolio includes: 
• 
Smart Connectivity: connectivity services for machines, mainly handled through the Kite 
platform. 
• 
Smart Services: end-to-end solutions that include "device + connectivity + application". 
These business to business solutions are mainly aimed at (i) the mobility management of 
vehicles, assets and/or people, (ii) the support of the retail and industrial sectors and (iii) 
the efficient management of energy and water consumption. 
• 
Consumer IoT: products focused on the B2C segment, including end-to-end services 
around the person (e.g. connected cars, trackers). 
• 
Financial services and other payment services: These services provide customers with access to 
consumer credit and payment cards. 
• 
Security services: Digital acceleration is a process that creates multiple opportunities but also 
increases challenges for the security ecosystem of the business. Therefore, in a world where cyber 
threats are inevitable, as managed security services providers, we focus on prevention, detection, 
and appropriate response to reduce attacks, protect digital services, and thus promote the cyber 
security resilience of our clients' business. All this is supported by a team of multidisciplinary 
security professionals and a portfolio that includes the following services: Network security, 
Managed Security, Data protection, Cloud security, IoT/OT Security, Identity and Access 
Management and Professional Services. 
• 
Cloud services: Telefónica offers a wide range of Cloud solutions, mostly through Telefonica 
Tech, designed according to the needs of each client accelerating their journey to the cloud. The 
value proposition includes: (i) Secure Cloud Connectivity: services that increase the performance 
and security of the business connectivity (SD-WAN, SD-BRANCH, SDLAN - Cloud Wifi, SASE); 
(ii) Hybrid Cloud: improves IT workloads, data and, applications management (from on-premises 
data centres to VDC, public cloud or hybrid solutions); (iii) Future of Workplace: secure 
digitization of the workforce (Productivity, Unified Comms, Business Apps, Virtualization, 
Terminal Management); and (iv) Consultancy, Professional Services and Managed Services. 
• 
Advertising: A portfolio of marketing channels that third-party brands can use to acquire and 
engage with customers. Traditional channels such as SMS/MMS messaging may be used alongside 
with new channels like programmatic display and sponsored connectivity. All of which leverage 
on the Group's customer data in order to send messages to the correct target as well as to generate 
post-campaign brand analysis. 
• 
Big Data: Includes products and services designed to enable companies and governments to make 
AI-powered data-driven decisions. The Group's Big Data offer comprises of three main categories:

--- Page 129 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 118 - 
70-41051415 
 
(i) "business insights", which provides information for decision-making based on analysis from 
advanced analytical products developed on top of data generated in the Group's network and 
systems; (ii) "consulting and analytics", which includes specialist professional services focused on 
data strategy, data science, data architecture and data engineering; and (iii) "tools and 
infrastructure", which provides advanced technology for data management, storage and 
exploitation. 
• 
Customer Experience: Refers to the omnichannel digital experience (including the Novum app 
but also other digital channels) and its development, guiding the Telefónica customer through his 
or her life cycle, adapting the digital experience to every moment's necessity using personalization 
capabilities. 
• 
Aura: is an artificial-intelligence ("AI") ecosystem designed to improve communication between 
the Telefónica Group and its customers. Its aim is to address customer needs and provide them 
with relevant information related to the company, potentially in any area where Telefonica offers 
services such as answering questions about telecommunications services, offering financial service 
proposals, or making recommendations about television or connection offerings. To foster a 
relationship with customers, Aura will offer the creation of conversational bots using its own 
infrastructure, with a private and transparent data approach by design. Additionally, to generate 
useful information, Aura will provide its own AI model execution platform with the goal of 
enhancing the information provided to customers. 
• 
Movistar Home ("MH"): Telefónica launched Movistar Home in Spain on 18 October 2018, a 
new device designed around the functionality of Aura and targeted at the Group's Movistar and 
Pay TV customers. Movistar Home is designed to strengthen Telefónica's position by enabling 
highly-converged services and experiences that differentiate the Group from its competitors. 
Movistar Home aims to provide the Group's customers with an enhanced TV experience on IPTV, 
increased landline functionality (which enables videoconferences), the Group's smart home 
package and games in addition to third-party services. 
• 
Living Apps: A platform that allows Telefónica's business units and partners to create relevant 
home experiences for our users, beyond the consumption of TV content, adding value to core 
businesses and growth to Telefónica, opening new business opportunities. 
• 
Smart Wifi: A customer application to manage home connectivity and enhance the value 
proposition by offering new services like Conexion Segura, intended to protect customers against 
a broad range of cyber threats. 
• 
NT: A micro-rewards program in Spain to reward customers with Tokens for their digital 
behaviour. Tokens are awarded when customers make use of our digital channels, products and 
services and can be exchanged for a given catalogue of company products. 
• 
Solar 360: In March 2022 Repsol and Telefónica Spain created a joint venture to develop the solar 
self-consumption business. The new company started to operate in June 2022 launching Solar360, 
offering a comprehensive self-consumption solution to private customers, communities of 
neighbours and companies, SMEs, and large companies, through solar panel installation. The offer 
will be customised for each type of customer according to their level and habits of consumption 
habits, seeking to maximise savings on their current electricity bill. It will include a mobile 
application for the control of the installation and the continuous optimisation of energy expenditure, 
personalised financing for each type of consumer and other value-added services linked to the solar 
panel installation. 
• 
Phoenix: A digital sales platform that allows customers to receive a personalized offer to renew 
their device and process the purchase in a simple and fully digital checkout. When customers are 
eligible to renew their device or expand their devices ecosystem with Telefonica, a customized 
offer is sent via the usual communication channels (SMS, MMS, emailing, Novum/Digital 
experience app). Once the customer chooses among the selected proposed portfolio a number of 
payment and logistics options can be chosen to complete a convenient "few-clicks" device renewal.

--- Page 130 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 119 - 
70-41051415 
 
Sales and Marketing 
The Group's sales and marketing strategy is aimed toward reinforcing its market position, generating brand 
awareness, promoting customer growth and achieving customer satisfaction. The Group uses a variety of 
marketing initiatives and programmes, including those that focus on customer value, with in-depth market 
segmentation; programmes to promote customer loyalty; pricing initiatives aimed toward stimulating 
usage, including segmented packages and innovative tariff options; and initiatives that are responsive to the 
latest market trends, including those aimed toward boosting demand for the Group's mobile Internet and 
mobile broadband offerings. In connection with these and the Group's other sales and marketing initiatives, 
the Group markets its products through a broad range of channels, including television, radio, billboards, 
telemarketing, direct mail and Internet advertising. The Group also sponsors a variety of local cultural and 
sporting events in order to enhance its brand recognition. 
Competition 
The telecommunications industry is competitive and consumers generally have a choice of mobile and fixed 
line operators from which to select services. The Group is a global telecommunications services provider 
and faces significant competition in most of the markets in which it operates. In Europe, the Group's largest 
competitor is Vodafone and in Latin America, the Group's largest competitor is América Móvil. Newer 
competitors, including handset manufacturers, MVNOs, Internet companies and software providers, are 
also entering the market and offering integrated communications services. 
The Group competes in its market on the basis of the price of its services; the quality and range of features; 
the added value the Group offers with its service; additional services associated with those main services; 
the reliability of its network infrastructure and its technological attributes; and the desirability of its 
offerings, including bundled offerings of one type of service with another and, in the case of the mobile 
industry, in some markets offers that include subsidised handsets and handsets sold on installment plans. 
To compete effectively with its competitors, the Group needs to successfully market its products and 
services and to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the relevant markets, such 
as the introduction of new products and services, different pricing strategies and changes in consumer 
preferences. See "Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor - Telefónica's competitive 
position in some markets could be affected by the evolution of competition and market consolidation". 
Legal Proceedings 
Telefónica and its Group companies are party to several legal proceedings which are currently in progress 
in the courts of law and the arbitration bodies of the various countries in which they are present. 
Based on the advice of its legal counsel Telefónica believes it is reasonable to assume that these legal 
proceedings will not materially affect the financial condition or solvency of the Telefónica Group. 
The contingencies arising from the litigation and commitments described below were evaluated (see Note 
3.n) to the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements) when the consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 were prepared. The provisions recorded in respect of the commitments taken as 
a whole are not material. 
The following unresolved legal proceedings or those underway in 2022 are highlighted (see Note 25 to the 
2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for details of tax related cases). 
Appeal against the decision by ANATEL regarding the inclusion of interconnection and network usage 
revenues in the Fundo de Universalização de Serviços de Telecomunicações ("FUST") 
Vivo Group operators (currently "Telefónica Brazil"), together with other cellular operators, appealed 
ANATEL's decision of 16 December 2005, to include interconnection and network usage revenues and 
expenses in the calculation of the amounts payable into the FUST (Fundo de Universalização de Serviços 
de Telecomunicações) –a fund which pays for the obligations to provide Universal Service– with retroactive 
application from 2000. On 13 March 2006, Brasilia Regional Federal Court no. 1. granted a precautionary 
measure which stopped the application of ANATEL's decision. On 6 March 2007, a ruling in favour of the 
wireless operators was issued, stating that it was not appropriate to include the revenues received by transfer 
from other operators in the taxable income for the FUST's calculation and rejecting the retroactive 
application of ANATEL's decision. On 26 January 2016, ANATEL filed an appeal to overturn this decision

--- Page 131 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 120 - 
70-41051415 
 
with Brasilia Regional Federal Court no. 1, which was also dismissed. On 10 May 2017 ANATEL appealed 
to the higher courts on the merits of the case. 
At the same time, Telefónica Brasil and Telefónica Empresas, S.A., together with other wireline operators 
through ABRAFIX (Associação Brasileira de Concessionárias de Serviço Telefonico Fixo Comutado) 
appealed ANATEL's decision of 16 December 2005, also obtaining the precautionary measures requested. 
On 21 June 2007, Brasilia Regional Federal Court no. 1 ruled that it was not appropriate to include the 
interconnection and network usage revenues in the FUST's taxable income and rejected the retroactive 
application of ANATEL's decision. ANATEL filed an appeal to overturn this ruling on 29 April 2008, 
before Brasilia Regional Federal Court no. 1, which was dismissed on 10 May 2016. ANATEL filed an 
appeal against this dismissal. 
The fixed operators filed an appeal to clarify that revenues obtained through interconnection and dedicated 
line operation should not be included in the calculation of the amounts payable to the FUST. In addition, 
the court was also requested to rule on two grounds which had not been analysed in the initial decision: (i) 
that the FUST has become obsolete, among other reasons, by the advance of mobile telephony; and (ii) that 
amounts collected are not applied to the purpose for which the FUST was created, since only a very low 
percentage of the revenues collected by the FUST is used to finance fixed telephony. Although the petition 
for clarification was dismissed on 23 August 2016, the court noted that the FUST should not be funded 
with revenues from interconnection and dedicated line operation. ABRAFIX appealed to the higher courts 
on these two elements that had not been analysed. ANATEL appealed all the holdings of the ruling to the 
higher courts. 
The amount of the claim is quantified at 1 per cent. of the Interconnection Revenues. 
Appeal against the Decision of the European Commission dated 23 January 2013, to sanction Telefónica 
for the infringement of Article 101 of the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union 
On 19 January 2011, the European Commission initiated formal proceedings to investigate whether 
Telefónica and Portugal Telecom SGPS, S.A. (Portugal Telecom) had infringed European Union anti-trust 
laws with respect to a clause contained in the sale and purchase agreement of Portugal Telecom's ownership 
interest in Brasilcel, N.V., a joint venture in which both companies were venturers and which was the owner 
of the Brazilian company Vivo. 
On 23 January 2013, the European Commission passed a ruling on the formal proceedings. The ruling 
imposed a fine on Telefónica in the amount of EUR 67 million, as the European Commission ruled that 
Telefónica and Portugal Telecom committed an infraction of Article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union for having entered into the agreement set forth in Clause Nine of the sale and 
purchase agreement of Portugal Telecom's ownership interest of Brasilcel, N.V. 
On 9 April 2013, Telefónica filed an appeal for annulment of this ruling with the European Union General 
Court. On 6 August 2013, the European Union General Court notified Telefónica of the response issued by 
the European Commission, in which the European Commission reaffirmed the main arguments of its ruling 
and, specifically, that Clause Nine includes a competition restriction. On 30 September 2013, Telefónica 
filed its reply. On 18 December 2013, the European Commission filed its appeal. 
A hearing was held on 19 May 2015, at the European Union General Court. 
On 28 June 2016, the European Union General Court ruled. Although it declared the existence of an 
infringement of competition law, it annulled Article 2 of the contested Decision and required the European 
Commission to reassess the amount of the fine imposed. The General Court considered that the European 
Commission has not neutralised the allegations and evidences provided by Telefónica on services in which 
there was not potential competition or were outside the scope of Clause Nine. 
Telefónica understands that there are grounds for believing that the ruling does not suit at law; consequently, 
it filed an appeal to the Court of Justice of the European Union, on 11 September 2016. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission filed its response against Telefónica's appeal. On 30 
January 2017, Telefónica filed its response. On 9 March 2017, the European Commission filed its rejoinder. 
On 13 December 2017, the General Court dismissed the appeal filed by Telefónica. The European 
Commission, which was urged to recalculate the amount of the fine in the judgment of the General Court

--- Page 132 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 121 - 
70-41051415 
 
of June 2016, issued a resolution on 25 January 2022, imposing a fine of EUR 67 million on Telefónica. In 
April 2022, Telefónica paid the fine of EUR 67 million imposed, bringing the procedure to an end. 
Decision by the High Court regarding the acquisition by Telefónica of shares in Český Telecom by way 
of a tender offer 
Venten Management Limited ("Venten") and Lexburg Enterprises Limited ("Lexburg") were non-
controlling shareholders of Cesky Telecom. In September 2005, both companies sold their shares to 
Telefónica in a mandatory tender offer. Subsequently, Venten and Lexburg, in 2006 and 2009, respectively, 
filed actions against Telefónica claiming a higher price than the price for which they sold their shares in 
the mandatory tender offer. 
On 5 August 2016, the hearing before the High Court in Prague took place in order to decide the appeal 
against the second decision of the Municipal Court, which had been favourable to Telefónica's position (as 
was also the case with the first decision of the Municipal Court). At the end of the hearing, the High Court 
announced the Second Appellate Decision by which it reversed the second decision of the Municipal Court 
and ordered Telefónica to pay 644 million Czech korunas (approximately EUR 23 million) to Venten and 
227 million Czech korunas (approximately EUR 8 million) to Lexburg, in each case plus interest. 
On 28 December 2016, the decision was notified to Telefónica. Telefónica filed an extraordinary appeal, 
requesting the suspension of the effects of the decision. 
In March 2017, Telefónica was notified of the decision of the Supreme Court, which ordered the suspension 
of the effects of the unfavourable decision to Telefónica issued by the High Court. 
Venten and Lexburg filed with the Supreme Court a motion to partially abolish the suspension of 
enforceability of the Decision of the High Court in Prague. On 17 January 2018, Telefónica filed its 
response seeking dismissal of such motion for lack of legal basis. 
On 14 February 2019, notification was given to Telefónica of the resolution of the Supreme Court which, 
based on the extraordinary appeal filed by Telefónica, abolished the decision of the High Court in Prague 
dated 5 August 2016 and remanded the case back to the High Court. 
In December 2021, the High Court of Prague confirmed its appointment of an expert in order to produce a 
new expert report to assess the reliability of market-based price criteria used in the mandatory tender offer 
and further technical issues discussed in this litigation, including a new discounted cashflow valuation of 
the shares of Český Telecom in 2005. 
Appeal against the resolution of ANATEL to sanction Telefónica Brasil for breaches of the fixed 
telephony regulations 
In May 2018, Telefónica filed a judicial action for annulment against a resolution issued by ANATEL (the 
National Telecommunications Agency of Brazil) in March 2018 concluding the administrative process for 
determination of non-compliance with obligations (Processo Administrativo para Apuração de 
Descumprimento de Obrigações or "PADO") investigating alleged infractions of the fixed telephony 
regulations by Telefónica Brasil. 
This PADO investigation had been suspended during the negotiations of the conduct adjustment term 
(Termo de Ajustamento de Conduta or "TAC") between Telefónica and ANATEL relating to this and certain 
other PADO investigations. Since the negotiations concluded without agreement, the suspended PADO 
sanctioning procedures were reactivated and finalised. 
In its resolution of March 2018, ANATEL considered that Telefónica Brasil committed several infractions, 
specifically those related to the inadequate notice of suspension of services to defaulting users, the terms 
of reactivation of services after payment of outstanding amounts by defaulting users and the disagreement 
with the terms of refunds claimed by users of the services. 
The fine imposed by ANATEL and appealed by Telefónica Brasil is approximately 211 million Brazilian 
reais (approximately EUR 38 million), which amounted to approximately 575 million Brazilian reais after 
currency value updates and accrued interest as of 31 December 2022 (approximately EUR 103 million).

--- Page 133 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 122 - 
70-41051415 
 
Telefónica Brasil has appealed the fine imposed by ANATEL based, fundamentally, on the following 
arguments: (i) ANATEL should have considered a smaller universe of users to determine the fine and (ii) 
the calculation of the fine is disproportionate and based on insufficient grounds. 
Telefónica Brasil has not yet paid the fine, although Telefónica Brasil has guaranteed its payment through 
a guarantee insurance submitted to the court. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no conciliation and the proceeding is following its 
normal course. 
ICSID Arbitration Telefónica, S.A. vs. Republic of Colombia 
In the local arbitration brought by Colombia against Colombia Telecomunicaciones ("ColTel"), on 25 July 
2017, the local arbitration tribunal ordered ColTel to pay EUR 470 million as economic compensation for 
the reversion of assets related to voice services in relation to the concession granted between 1994 and 
2013. 
On 29 August 2017, ColTel's share capital was increased in order to make the payment ordered by the local 
arbitral award; Telefónica contributed and disbursed an amount equivalent to 67.5 per cent. of the award's 
amount (EUR 317 million) and the Colombian Government contributed an amount equivalent to the 
remaining 32.5 per cent. (EUR 153 million). 
On 1 February 2018, Telefónica filed a Request for Arbitration against Colombia at the International Centre 
for Settlement of Investment Disputes ("ICSID"), which was formally registered on 20 February 2018. 
The ICSID Court was constituted on 26 February 2019, with José Emilio Nunes Pinto as President, Horacio 
A. Grigera Naón appointed by Telefónica, and Yves Derains appointed by Colombia. 
Colombia filed Preliminary Objections on Jurisdiction on 5 August 2019. Telefónica responded to 
Colombia's objections in its Claimant's Memorial on 23 September 2019, in which it also requested that 
Colombia pay compensation for damages caused to Telefónica. 
On 23 October 2019, Colombia submitted its Complementary Objections on Jurisdiction as well as a request 
for Bifurcation, to which Telefónica responded on 29 November 2019. 
On 24 January 2020, the Court dismissed the request for Bifurcation presented by Colombia, ordering the 
continuation of the proceeding. A decision on the merits of Telefónica's claim is pending. On 3 July 2020, 
Colombia filed its reply to the claim filed by Telefónica before the ICSID. 
On 2 November 2020, Telefónica presented its response to Colombia's reply. 
After the hearing held in April 2021, on 27 July 2021 the hearing of closing arguments was held, and the 
parties are awaiting the issuance of the arbitration award. 
Telefónica's lawsuit against Millicom International Cellular for default in the sale of Telefónica Costa 
Rica 
Telefónica and Millicom International Cellular, S.A. ("Millicom") reached an agreement on 20 February 
2019 for the purchase and sale of the entire capital stock of Telefónica de Costa Rica TC, S.A. 
In March 2020, Telefónica informed Millicom that, once the pertinent regulatory authorisations had been 
obtained and all the other conditions established in the aforementioned agreement for the execution of the 
sale had been completed, the execution of the contract and the closing of the transaction should be in April 
2020. 
Millicom expressed its refusal to proceed with the closing, arguing that the competent Costa Rican 
administrative authorities had not issued the appropriate authorisation. 
On 25 May 2020, Telefónica filed a lawsuit against Millicom before the New York Supreme Court, 
considering that Millicom had breached the terms and conditions established in the sale contract, 
demanding compliance with the provisions of the aforementioned agreement, and compensation for all 
damages that this unjustified breach could cause to Telefónica.

--- Page 134 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 123 - 
70-41051415 
 
On 29 June 2020, Millicom filed a Motion to Dismiss, to which Telefónica replied on 8 July 2020. 
On 3 August 2020, Telefónica submitted an amendment to the lawsuit, removing the requirement to comply 
with the provisions of the sale and purchase contract and requesting only compensation for all damages that 
the unjustified breach of said agreement could cause Telefónica. 
On 5 January 2021, the Motion to Dismiss filed by Millicom in June 2020 was dismissed by the New York 
Supreme Court. 
ICSID Arbitration Telefónica, S.A. vs. Republic of Peru 
On 5 February 2021, Telefónica filed a request for arbitration against the Republic of Peru at the ICSID, 
which was formally registered on 12 March 2021. 
Telefónica bases its claims on the Agreement for the Promotion and Reciprocal Protection of Investments 
between the Kingdom of Spain and the Republic of Peru ("APRPI") signed on 17 November 1994. 
Telefónica argues that the Peruvian tax administration (called Superintendencia Nacional de Aduanas y de 
Administración Tributaria, known as "SUNAT") and other state bodies have failed to comply with the 
obligations established in the APRPI, including by adopting arbitrary and discriminatory actions. 
It is requested that the defendant be ordered to fully compensate Telefónica for all damages suffered. 
Once the Tribunal was constituted, on 9 February 2023, Telefónica filed a request for urgent injunctive 
relief together with a request for injunctive relief, requesting the suspension of the administrative litigation 
(acción contencioso-administrativa or ACA) related to the income tax for the years 1998, 2000 and 2001, 
as well as the extension of the deadline for submission by Telefónica of the memorial or claim. Following 
response of Peru, on 16 February 2023, the Tribunal ruled to dismiss Telefónica's request for urgent 
injunctive relief, to establish the procedural calendar to process the request for injunctive relief and to grant 
Telefonica two additional weeks to file the memorial or claim. 
Appeal against the ANATEL resolution on the calculation of amounts for the renewal of radio 
frequencies in Brazil associated with the provision of the personal mobile services  (filed in 2013) 
In 2013, Telefónica Brasil filed a lawsuit against the resolution of ANATEL which sets forth the calculation 
of the amount to be paid by Telefónica Brasil for the renewal of radio frequencies associated with the 
provision of personal mobile services, (which has been granted to Telefónica Brasil for a period of fifteen 
years). 
According to ANATEL the renewals, which must be carried out every two years, should be accompanied 
by a payment equivalent to 2 per cent. of all income derived from the provision of personal mobile services, 
while Telefónica Brasil believes that the calculation should be made with respect to the income derived 
from voice services only, which would exclude data services and interconnection revenues. 
In February 2020, Telefónica Brasil filed an appeal before the Regional Federal Court of Brasilia after 
obtaining an unfavourable ruling in the Court of First Instance, which considered that the criteria defended 
by ANATEL was the one to be followed. 
As of 31 December 2022, the amount under litigation was 774 million Brazilian reais (EUR 139 million 
based on the exchange rate of such date), resulting from the method of calculation of ANATEL that has 
been appealed. 
Appeal against the ANATEL resolution on the calculation of amounts for the renewal of radio 
frequencies in Brazil associated with the provision of the personal mobile services (filed in 2015) 
In 2015, Telefónica Brasil filed a lawsuit against the resolution of ANATEL which sets forth the calculation 
of the amount to be paid by Telefónica Brasil for the renewal of radio frequencies associated with the 
provision of personal mobile services (which has been granted to Telefónica Brasil for a period of fifteen 
years). 
According to ANATEL the renewals, which must be carried out every two years, should be accompanied 
by a payment equivalent to 2 per cent. of all income derived from the provision of personal mobile services,

--- Page 135 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 124 - 
70-41051415 
 
while Telefónica Brasil believes that the calculation must be made with respect to the income derived from 
voice services only, which would exclude data services and interconnection revenues. 
In August 2016, Telefónica Brasil filed an appeal before the Regional Federal Court of Brasilia after 
obtaining an unfavourable ruling in the Court of First Instance, which considered that the criteria defended 
by ANATEL was the one to be followed. Pending judgment on appeal. 
As of 31 December 2022, the amount under litigation was 400 million Brazilian reais (EUR 72 million 
based on the exchange rate of such date), resulting from the method of calculation of ANATEL that has 
been appealed. 
UK High Court claim by Phones 4 U Limited against various mobile network operators and other 
companies, among others, Telefónica, S.A., Telefonica O2 Holdings Limited and Telefonica UK 
Limited 
In late 2018, Phones 4U Limited (in administration) ("P4U") commenced a claim in the English High Court 
in London against various mobile network operators: Everything Everywhere, Deutsche Telekom, Orange, 
Vodafone, Telefónica, S.A., Telefonica O2 Holdings Limited and Telefonica UK Limited (together the 
"Defendants"). 
P4U carried on a business of selling mobile phones and connections to the public, such connections being 
supplied by mobile network operators including the Defendants. In 2013 and 2014, the Defendants declined 
to extend and / or terminated their contracts to supply connections to P4U. 
P4U went into administration in September 2014. 
P4U alleges that the Defendants ceased to supply connections because they had colluded between 
themselves in contravention of the United Kingdom and the European Union competition laws and asserts 
that it has a basis to claim damages for breach of competition law by all the Defendants. The Defendants 
deny all P4U's allegations. 
The claim commenced on 18 December 2018 by P4U. The Defendants filed their initial Defences in the 
course of April and May 2019, with P4U filing replies on 18 October 2019. The first case management 
conference took place on 2 March 2020. 
The trial was held between May and July 2022. The parties are awaiting the issuance of the sentence. 
Other Proceedings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group co-operates with governmental authorities (and, where 
appropriate, conducting the relevant internal investigations) regarding requests for information potentially 
related, directly or indirectly to possible violations of applicable anti-corruption laws. Telefónica believes 
that, considering the size of the Group, any potential penalty as a result of matters relating to those specific 
information requests would not materially affect the Group's financial condition. 
Tax Proceedings 
Inspections in the tax group in Spain 
In July 2019, new inspection proceedings were initiated for several of the companies belonging to Tax 
Group 24/90, of which Telefónica is the dominant company. The concepts and periods being audited are: 
Corporate Income Tax for the years 2014 to 2017 and Value Added Tax, Withholdings Income Tax for the 
second half of 2015 and from 2016 to 2018. 
A settlement agreement was signed in October 2021, in which Telefónica manifested its agreement with 
certain of the tax assessments resulting from the inspection (specifically, with respect to the tax treatment 
of the exchange differences generated by assets denominated in Venezuelan bolivars), and its disagreement 
with others (mainly the consideration of exempt income of the "Juros sobre capital propio" since 2015), 
producing an impact on results (tax expense) of EUR 387 million, with a deferred tax asset reduction as 
detailed in "Main changes registered in 2021" in Note 25 to the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
However, the tax assessments did not result in a significant cash outflow as the Telefónica Group had tax 
credits, which substantially offset their impact.

--- Page 136 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 125 - 
70-41051415 
 
The closing of the inspection proceedings took place in January 2022, with the settlement agreement being 
notified, and which the Company challenged in an economic-administrative procedure at the Central 
Economic-Administrative Court due to the adjustments with which it did not agree, mainly related to the 
"juros sobre el capital propio". On 9 December 2022, the Company received a rejection resolution from the 
Central Economic-Administrative Court, which will be challenged on the National High Court. 
In relation to the 2008-2011 inspection procedure, in July 2022 Telefónica was notified of the Supreme 
Court's decision rejecting the appeal for Cassation filed by the State Attorney's Office against the judgment 
of the Audiencia Nacional (National High Court) of 29 October 2021. This confirmed Telefónica, S.A. 
criteria for the using of tax losses carryforward and deductions in relation to the liquidation Agreements 
derived from the Corporation Income Tax inspection of those years. 
On 24 October 2022, an Agreement for the Execution of the Judgment of the Audiencia Nacional (National 
High Court)  was issued, which orders the refund to Telefónica of an amount of EUR 790 million for taxes 
paid in those years, as well as an amount of EUR 526 million as delayed interest. Said amounts have been 
collected on 28 October 2022. 
As a consequence of the final outcome of the litigation above mentioned, no additional liabilities were 
recorded as of 31 December 2022. 
Telefónica Brazil 
State taxes 
The Telefónica Group is involved in a range of tax litigation in Brazil over direct and indirect taxes 
(including those relating to GVT). This includes a number of appeals relating to ICMS tax (a tax similar to 
VAT, levied on telecommunications services). There is a dispute with the Brazilian tax authorities over 
which services should be subject to settlement of this tax. 
To date the most significant issues have focused on the requirement to collect ICMS on penalties charged 
to customers for non-compliance, Internet advertising services, and complementary or additional services 
to the basic telecommunications services such as value-added services, modem rental, and the application 
of this tax on the basic fee (assinatura básica). In the case of the latter (assinatura básica), the Supreme 
Court has established that the tax is only payable in respect of assessments for periods after October 2016. 
All related procedures are being contested in all instances (administrative and court proceedings). The 
aggregate amount of the relevant proceedings, updated to take into account interest, fines and other items, 
is approximately 21,712 million Brazilian reais (approximately EUR 3,898 million at the exchange rate of 
31 December 2022, see Note 24 to the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements), 19,164 million Brazilian 
reais as of 31 December 2021 (approximately EUR 3,032 million at the exchange rate on that date). 
Telefónica Brazil has obtained independent expert reports supporting its position, i.e. that the aforesaid 
services are not subject to ICMS. 
Federal taxes 
In addition, there are possible contingencies in relation to income tax federal taxex for the total amount of 
29,778 million Brazilian reais as of 31 December 2022 (approximately EUR 5,346 million at the exchange 
rate on that date), 18,078 million Brazilian reais as of 31 December 2021 (approximately EUR 2,860 million 
at the exchange rate on that date), mainly related to the tax amortisation in Brazil in the years 2011 to 2020 
of the goodwill originated in the acquisitions of Vivo and GVT and their subsequent merger with Telefónica 
Brasil. These proceedings are at the administrative and judicial stage and no provisions have been made 
since the potential risk associated with them has been classified as "not probable" and Telefónica Brazil 
has received independent expert reports that support this view. 
There are other probable contingencies in relation to income tax federal taxes for the total amount of 104 
million Brazilian reais as of 31 December 2022 (approximately EUR 19 million at the exchange rate on 
that date), 98 million Brazilian reais as of 31 December 2021 (approximately EUR 16 million at the 
exchange rate on that date). Telefónica Brazil has recognised a provision for this amount.

--- Page 137 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 126 - 
70-41051415 
 
Telefónica del Perú 
In relation to tax claims in Peru, it should be noted that Telefónica del Perú is party to numerous legal 
proceedings (contentious administrative proceedings (ACAs) and appeals (amparos)) for tax matters 
relating to corporate income tax and VAT, mainly for the years 1998 to 2005, the most relevant being those 
corresponding to the years 1998 to 2001 (relating to corporate income tax, payments in advance, credit 
balances, associated VAT, interest and applicable penalties). 
The evolution of the appeals of the different cases from the period 1998 to 2001 has been uneven and 
complex over the last few years, but it is worth highlighting the second instance judgement of 2015, which 
was partially upheld; the Supreme Court judgements of 2019; the January 2020 of the Supreme Court ruling, 
annulling the previous rulings of 2000 and 2001 in relation to the provision for doubtful debts; the 
Constitutional Court Rulings in 2021 in relation to the settlement of late payment interest, partially upheld; 
and the Supreme Court Rulings of 2021 and 2022 on the credit balance from 1999 used in 2000. 
On January 17 and 18, 2023, Telefónica del Perú received notifications of the judgments handed down by 
the Supreme Court that resolved, in the last instance and unfavorably to Telefónica del Perú, the contentious 
administrative proceedings relating to income tax for the years 1998, 2000 and 2001 
The rulings issued by the Fifth Chamber of Constitutional and Social Transitory of the Supreme Court do 
not contain any payment mandate to Telefónica del Perú, as the rulings issued in the administrative 
contentious proceedings were resolved on concepts derived from a pronouncement of the Tax Court. At the 
end of these proceedings - and any others that may be applicable - the Tax Administration, through an 
administrative act, will determine the amount of the corresponding payment obligations. 
Because there were certain adjustments on which the rulings had been definitive since 2015 (positively for 
Telefónica del Perú in relation to the deductibility of the rental of public spaces and negatively in the case 
of the deductibility of certain financial charges), Telefónica del Perú previously recorded a provision with 
an impact on income tax, the amount of which has been updated periodically and constantly depending on 
the evolution of the various proceedings and the applicable interest rates. 
In addition to the above, in June 2022 a new ruling was received from the Tax Court in relation to the 
corporate income tax of Telefónica Móviles del Perú for 2000. This ruling was favorable to Telefónica del 
Perú with respect to the recognition of the tax value of certain network assets and unfavorable with respect 
to the deductibility of the exchange rate tax. 
In relation to all these proceedings, Telefónica Group considers that the initial amount claimed by the 
Peruvian government has been exponentially increased by the accrual of interest generated by the delay, 
not attributable to Telefónica del Perú, of almost 20 years in processing the lawsuits, meaning that almost 
80% of the total amount claimed is due to interest and fines. And all this, despite the fact that in 2021 the 
Constitutional Court itself ruled in favor of Telefónica del Perú, recognizing that it had been charged interest 
for delays not attributable to the company. 
For this and other reasons, the Group has been in international arbitration before ICSID since March 2021 
for various conducts of the Peruvian State in violation of the Agreement for the Promotion and Reciprocal 
Protection of Investments between Spain and Peru (see Note 29.a to the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements). 
The Company has recorded the necessary provisions for the contingencies considered probable, leaving as 
possible contingencies an amount of 560 million peruvian soles at 31 December 2022 (approximately EUR 
138 million).  
As of 31 December 2022, the total amount of tax contingencies related to Telefónica del Perú that the Group 
has recognized in its consolidated financial statements, including as the most relevant amount that related 
to the aforementioned judgements and rulings received since 2015, plus accrued interest and other above-
mentioned impacts, amounts to 3,849 million peruvian soles which is equivalent to EUR 945 million at the 
exchange rate of 31 December 2022. 
Tax deductibility of financial goodwill in Spain 
The tax regulations added article 12.5 to the Spanish Corporate Income Tax Law (ley del impuesto sobre 
sociedades), which came into force on 1 January 2002. The article regulated the deductibility of tax

--- Page 138 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 127 - 
70-41051415 
 
amortisation of financial goodwill (fondo de comercio) arising from the acquisition of non-Spanish 
companies, which could be amortised over 20 years at 5 per cent. per annum. Following the entry into force 
of the Laws 9/2011 of 19 August 2011 and 16/2013 of 29 October 2013, the amount of goodwill 
amortisation deductible for tax purposes under article 12.5 for the years 2011 to 2015 was reduced from 5 
per cent. to 1 per cent. The effect is temporary because the 4 per cent. not amortised during five years (20 
per cent. in total) will be recovered extending the deduction period from the initial 20 years to 25 years. 
The Telefónica Group, under this regulation, has been amortising for tax purposes the financial goodwill 
from its investments, both direct and indirect, in O2, BellSouth and Coltel (prior to 21 December 2007) and 
Vivo (acquired in 2010). The positive accumulated effect in the corresponding settlements of corporate 
income tax from 2004 to the closing of 31 December 2022, was EUR 2,042 million. 
In relation to this tax incentive, the European Commission in recent years commenced three proceedings 
against the Spanish State as it deemed that this tax benefit could constitute an example of state aid. Although 
the European Commission itself acknowledged the validity of its first two decisions for those investors that 
invested in European Union companies for operations carried out before 21 December 2007 in the first 
decision, and before 21 May 2011 for investments in other countries in the second decision, in its third 
decision from 15 October 2014 it calls into question the applicability of the principle of legitimate 
expectations in the application of the incentive for indirect acquisitions, whatever the date of acquisition 
may have been. 
There are also doubts in the Spanish Courts about the classification of the incentive as a deduction and its 
maintenance in the case of subsequent transmission. 
On 6 October 2021, the Court of Justice of the European Union concluded that the European Commission 
correctly classified the Spanish tax depreciation scheme of the "fondo de comercio" as State aid 
incompatible with the internal market for the first and second decisions. 
With regard to the recognition of legitimate expectations for the first and second decisions, the Court of 
Justice of the European Union confirms its applicability. 
The proceedings initiated on the third decision, suspended until the resolution of the first and second 
decisions, have been reactivated in October 2021, and are still pending first instance judgment. 
Notwithstanding the above, the "Tax and Customs Control Unit of the Spanish Tax Authority" 
(Dependencia de Control Tributario y Aduanero de la Agencia Tributaria), in compliance with the 
obligation set out in the EC Decision (EU) 2015/314, recovered in March 2019 and February 2021 the 
amounts that had been deducted in connection with the amortisation of goodwill for the indirect acquisition 
of non-resident companies from 2005 to 2015 and 2016 to 2018 respectively and has notified in December 
2022 the recovery of the relevant amounts for the years 2019 to 2020. The recovery of such amounts is 
provisional, pending the final rulings on the appeals brought against the three decisions. The amount paid 
by Telefónica after offsetting outstanding tax credits (tax losses carryforward and deductions) amounted to 
EUR 11 million. Notwithstanding the fact that Telefónica understands that the principle of legitimate 
expectations in relation to this tax incentive applies, in relation to tax-amortised goodwill through the 
purchase of some companies for which the applicability of the legitimate expectations principle is 
questioned, mainly VIVO, the Group has released the provision for the recovered part, EUR 143 million, 
and has decided to continue provisioning the amount of the goodwill amortised for tax purposes, and not 
recovered by the public administration which amounted to EUR 406 million as of 31 December 2022 (EUR 
343 million as of 31 December 2021). 
Years open for inspection 
Years open for inspection in the Group companies 
The years open for review by the tax inspection authorities for the main applicable taxes vary from one 
consolidated company to another, based on each country's tax legislation, taking into account their 
respective statute-of-limitations periods. In Spain the taxes from 2018 onwards are open to inspection. 
In the other countries in which the Telefónica Group has a significant presence, the years open for 
inspection by the relevant authorities are generally as follows: 
• 
The last eleven years in Germany.

--- Page 139 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 128 - 
70-41051415 
 
• 
The last eight years in United Kingdom. 
• 
The last seven years in Argentina. 
• 
The last six years in Venezuela. 
• 
The last five years in Brazil, Mexico, Uruguay, Colombia and the Netherlands. 
• 
The last four years in Peru. 
• 
The last three years in Chile, Ecuador and the United States. 
The tax inspection of the open years is not expected to give rise to additional material liabilities for the 
Group. 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Telefónica had 5,750,458,145 shares outstanding, each having a 
nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share. All outstanding shares have the same rights. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, according to information provided to Telefónica or to the Spanish 
National Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional de Mercado de Valores or the "CNMV"), beneficial 
owners of 3 per cent. or more of the Group's voting stock were as follows: 
Name of Beneficial Owner 
Percentage of shares 
carrying voting rights 
Percentage of voting rights 
through financial 
instruments 
Percentage 
of total 
voting rights 
 
Direct 
Indirect 
Direct 
Indirect 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.(1) ................  
4.85 
0.02 
0.00 
0.00 
4.87 
CaixaBank, S.A.(2) ...................................................  
3.50 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
3.50 
BlackRock, Inc.(3) ....................................................  
0.00 
4.32 
0.00 
0.16 
4.48 
 _______________  
(1) Based on the information provided by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. ("BBVA") for the 2022 Annual Report on 
Corporate Governance. According to the aforementioned information provided by BBVA, the percentage of economic rights 
attributed to Telefónica, S.A. shares owned by BBVA amounts to 4.97 per cent. of Telefónica's share capital. 
 
(2) Based on the information provided by CaixaBank, S.A. for the 2022 Annual Report on Corporate Governance. 
 
(3) Based on the information notified by Blackrock, Inc to the CNMV on 31 March 2020, as updated per the share capital of 
Telefónica, S.A. as of 31 December 2022. Based on the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on 7 October 2022, BlackRock, Inc. 
beneficially owned 4.96 per cent. of Telefónica, S.A. shares (4.49 per cent. of voting rights). 
 
To the extent that Telefónica shares are represented by account in the book-entry form, it does not keep a 
shareholder registry and its ownership structure cannot be known precisely. Based on the information 
available to Telefónica there is no individual or corporation that directly or indirectly through one or more 
intermediaries may exercise any type of control over Telefónica. Nevertheless, Telefónica has certain 
shareholders whose holdings are considered material. 
Directors and Senior Management of Telefónica 
During 2022, the Group's Board of Directors met 14 times. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Group's Board of Directors has met 5 times during 2023. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Telefónica's 
directors, their respective positions on its Board and the year they were first appointed were as follows: 
Name 
Age 
First Appointed 
Current Term 
Ends 
Chairman 
 
 
 
Mr. José María Álvarez-Pallete López(1) ................................................ 
59
2006 
2025 
Vice-Chairmen 
 
 
 
Mr. Isidro Fainé Casas(1)(2) ..................................................................... 
80
1994 
2024 
Mr. José María Abril Pérez(1)(3)(6) ........................................................... 
71
2007 
2026 
Mr. José Javier Echenique Landiríbar(1)(4)(7) ........................................... 
71
2016 
2024 
Members 
Mr. Ángel Vilá Boix(1) ........................................................................... 
58 
2017 
2026 
Mr. Juan Ignacio Cirac Sasturain(5)(6)(8) .................................................. 
57 
2016 
2024 
Mr. Peter Erskine(1)(6)(7) .......................................................................... 
71 
2006 
2024

--- Page 140 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 129 - 
70-41051415 
 
Name 
Age 
First Appointed 
Current Term 
Ends 
Ms. Carmen García de Andrés(4)(5)(8) ...................................................... 
60 
2017 
2025 
Ms. María Luisa García Blanco(5)(7)(8) .................................................... 
57 
2018 
2026 
Mr. Peter Löscher(1)(4)(7).......................................................................... 
65 
2016 
2024 
Ms. Verónica Pascual Boé(6) .................................................................. 
44 
2019 
2024 
Mr. Francisco Javier de Paz Mancho(1)(5)(7)(8) .......................................... 
64 
2007 
2026 
Mr. Francisco José Riberas Mera ........................................................... 
58 
2017 
2025 
Ms. María Rotondo Urcola(4)(8) .............................................................. 
58 
2021 
2026 
Ms. Claudia Sender Ramírez (6)(8)........................................................... 
48 
2019 
2024 
 _______________  
(1) Member of the Executive Commission of the Board of Directors. 
(2) Name or company name of the shareholder represented or that has proposed their appointment: CaixaBank, S.A. 
(3) Name or company name of the shareholder represented or that has proposed their appointment: Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A. 
(4) Member of the Audit and Control Committee. 
(5) Member of the Regulation and Institutional Affairs Committee. 
(6) Member of the Strategy and Innovation Committee. 
(7) Member of the Nominating, Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee. 
(8) Member of the Sustainability and Quality Committee. 
The principal activities inside and outside the Group of each of the directors of Telefónica are as follows: 
Name 
Principal activities inside the Group 
Principal Activities outside the Group 
José María Álvarez-Pallete López ....... 
Executive Chairman of Telefónica, S.A. 
Chairman of Fundación Telefónica 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of the GSMA 
 
 
Member of the Advisory Council of 
SEAT, S.A 
 
 
Director of VMED O2 UK Ltd. 
 
 
Trustee of Fundación Profuturo 
 
 
Member of Board of Trustees of "la 
Caixa" Banking Foundation 
Isidro Fainé Casas ................................ 
Vice Chairman of Telefónica, S.A. 
Chairman and Member of the Executive 
Commission of Fundación Bancaria 
Caixa d' Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona 
(la "Caixa")  
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
of the Executive Commission of Criteria 
Caixa, S.A.U. 
 
 
Chairman of Inmo Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. 
 
 
Chairman of Caixa Capital Risc SGEIC, 
S.A. 
 
 
Honorary Chairman of Naturgy Energy 
Group, S.A. 
 
 
Chairman of the Spanish Confederation 
of 
Savings 
Banks 
(Confederación 
Española de Cajas de Ahorros, CECA) 
 
 
Chairman of the World Savings Banks 
Institute (WSBI) 
 
 
 Vice Chairman of European Savings 
Bank Group (ESGB) 
 
 
Special Advisor of the Bank of East Asia 
Limited

--- Page 141 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 130 - 
70-41051415 
 
Name 
Principal activities inside the Group 
Principal Activities outside the Group 
 
 
Chairman of the Spanish Confederation 
of 
Directors 
and 
Executives 
(Confederación Española de Directivos y 
Ejecutivos, CEDE) 
 
 
Chairman of the Spanish Chapter of the 
Club of Rome 
 
 
Deputy-Chairman of the Royal Academy 
of Economic and Financial Sciences 
 
 
Founder of the Círculo Financiero 
 
 
Member of the Trust of Museo Nacional 
del Prado 
 
 
Member of the Carlos Slim Foundation 
José María Abril Pérez ......................... 
Vice Chairman of Telefónica, S.A. 
Director of Arteche Lantegi Elekartea, 
S.A.  
José Javier Echenique Landiríbar....... 
Vice Chairman of Telefónica, S.A. 
Director 
of 
ACS 
Actividades 
de 
Construcción y Servicios, S.A 
 
Director of Telefónica Audiovisual 
Digital, S.L.U. 
Director of Dragados, S.L. 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Telefónica España 
Director of Calcinor, S.L.  
 
 
Trustee of Novia Salcedo Foundation 
 
 
Advisory Counselor of the Deusto 
Business School Board of Trustees 
 
 
Member of the McKinsey Advisory 
Council 
Ángel Vilá Boix ..................................... 
Chief Operating Officer and Executive 
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Director of VMED O2 UK Ltd. 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Telefónica España 
Trustee of Fundación Telefónica 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Telefónica Tech 
 
 
Juan Ignacio Cirac Sasturain .............. 
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Co-Director of Center of Quantum 
Science and Technologies Munich 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Telefónica Tech 
Director of International of Max-Planck 
School 
Quantum 
Science 
and 
Technology 
 
Member of the Security Advisory 
Council of Telefónica Ingeniería de 
Seguridad 
"Honorarprofessor", 
Technical 
University of Munich 
 
 
Director of the Theory Division, Max 
Planck 
Institut 
für 
Quantenoptik; 
member of the Max Planck Society 
 
 
Founding 
and 
managing 
Editor, 
Quantum Information and Computation

--- Page 142 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 131 - 
70-41051415 
 
Name 
Principal activities inside the Group 
Principal Activities outside the Group 
 
 
Member of the Scientific Advisory 
Board of the La Caixa Foundation 
Peter Erskine......................................... 
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Chairman of the BRAINSTORM charity 
organisation 
 
Director of VMED O2 UK Ltd. 
Carmen García de Andrés ................... 
Director of Telefónica, S.A 
Chairwoman of Fundación Tomillo  
 
 
Treasurer and Member of the Board of 
Directors and the Executive Committee 
of 
the 
Asociación 
Española 
de 
Fundaciones (AEF) 
 
 
Trustee of Fundación Secretariado 
Gitano 
 
 
Trustee of Fundación Xavier de Salas 
 
 
Trustee of the Fundación Somos F5 
 
 
Co-Founder and Trustee of Fundación 
Aprendiendo a ser 
María Luisa García Blanco .................. 
Director of Telefónica, S.A 
Partner at the law firm Salama García 
Blanco 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Telefónica España 
Member of the Royal Academy of 
Jurisprudence and Legislation 
 
 
Director of Ibercaja Banco, S.A. and 
Member of the Strategy, Compensation 
and Appointments Committees. 
 
 
President of the Committee of Experts of 
65YMAS.COM 
 
 
Member of the CIMA Governance and 
Control Committee 
Peter Löscher ........................................ 
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Royal Philips 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Telefónica Deutschland Holding AG 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Thyssen-Bosnemisza 
Group 
AG 
(Switzerland)  
 
 
Member, non-executive, of the Board of 
Directors of Doha Venture Capital LLC, 
Qatar 
 
 
Honorary Professor at Tongji University 
Shanghai 
 
 
Member Emeritus of the Advisory Board 
of the Economic Development Board of 
Singapore 
 
 
Member of the International Advisory 
Council of Bocconi University 
Verónica Pascual Boé ........................... 
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Chairwoman of the ASTI Talent and 
Technology Foundation

--- Page 143 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 132 - 
70-41051415 
 
Name 
Principal activities inside the Group 
Principal Activities outside the Group 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Telefónica Tech 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
General Alquiler de Maquinaria, S.A. 
(GAM) 
 
 
 
Francisco Javier de Paz Mancho ......... 
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
 
 
Director of Telefônica Brasil, S.A. 
 
 
Director of Telefónica Audiovisual 
Digital, S.L.U. 
 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Telefónica España 
 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Telefónica Hispanoamérica 
 
Francisco José Riberas Mera ............... 
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Chairman 
and 
CEO 
of 
Gestamp 
Automoción, S.A. 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of CIE 
Automotive 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Wallbox, N.V. 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
companies of the Gestamp Group 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
companies of the Gonvarri Group 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
companies 
of 
the 
Acek 
Energías 
Renovables Group 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
companies of the Inmobiliaria Acek 
Group 
 
 
Chairman of SERNAUTO (Asociación 
Española 
de 
Proveedores 
de 
Automoción) 
 
 
Chairman of the Consejo España-China 
Foundation 
María Rotondo Urcola ……………………... 
Director of Telefónica, S.A.  
Member of the Board of Directors of 
CACEIS Bank Spain  
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Santander CACEIS Latam Holdco 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Libertas 7 
 
 
Co-Director 
and 
professor 
in 
the 
Sustainability Programme at the Instituto 
de Empresa (IE) SYCA 
Claudia Sender Ramírez ...................... 
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Holcim Ltd 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Telefónica Tech 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Gerdau, S.A.

--- Page 144 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 133 - 
70-41051415 
 
Name 
Principal activities inside the Group 
Principal Activities outside the Group 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Telefónica Hispanoamérica 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Amigos do Bem 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Embraer, la Empresa Brasileira de 
Aeronáutica, S.A. 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Metalúrgica Gerdau, S.A. 
 
The business address of each of the directors of the Guarantor is Distrito Telefónica Ed. Central, Ronda de 
la Comunicación s/n, 28050 Madrid, España. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no current or potential conflicts of interest in relation to 
members of the Board of Directors between any duties owed to Telefónica and their private interests and 
other duties.

--- Page 145 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 134 - 
70-41051415 
 
Organisational Structure 
The following chart shows the organisational structure of the principal subsidiaries of the Telefónica Group at 31 December 2022, including their jurisdictions of incorporation 
and Telefónica's ownership interest.

--- Page 146 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 135 - 
70-41051415 
 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS 
The tax laws of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's and Guarantor's Member State of 
incorporation might have an impact on the income received from any Instruments. Prospective 
purchasers of Instruments should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could 
be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Instruments and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Instruments and the consequences of such actions under 
the tax laws of those countries. 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice 
applicable in the Kingdom of Spain as at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in 
law and the administrative interpretation and application thereof, which could be made with retroactive 
effect. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Instruments, and does 
not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of whom (such 
as dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective investors should consult with their 
own professional advisers. 
Also prospective investors should note that the appointment by an investor in Instruments, or any person 
through which an investor holds Instruments, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation 
to such Instruments in any jurisdiction may have tax implications. Prospective investors should consult 
their own tax advisors in relation to the tax consequences for them of any such appointment. 
Taxation in the Kingdom of Spain 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the regulation, 
supervision and solvency of credit entities ("Law 10/2014") and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 
July as amended, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management 
procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes ("Royal Decree 
1065/2007"); 
(b) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income Tax") 
tax payers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial amendment 
of the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law (the 
"Personal Income Tax Law") as amended and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March promulgating 
the Personal Income Tax Regulations as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth 
Tax as amended, Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax as amended and Law 
38/2022, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions 
and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax ("Corporate 
Income Tax") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 
promulgating the corporate income tax regulations (the "Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); 
and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-resident 
income tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 
March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, as amended and 
Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations, 
along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax as amended, Law 29/1987, of 18 December on 
Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of temporary levies 
on energy and on financial credit institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large 
fortunes. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Instruments (a "Holder"), the 
acquisition and transfer of the Instruments will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example it will 
be exempt from transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax

--- Page 147 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 136 - 
70-41051415 
 
promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt from value added tax, in 
accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December regulating such tax. 
1. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Payments of both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption, 
repayment or exchange of the Instruments constitute a return on investment obtained from the 
transfer of own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the 
Personal Income Tax Law, and must be included in each Holder's Personal Income Tax savings 
taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the aforementioned law, and taxed according to the then-
applicable rate. The savings taxable base is currently subject to the rate of 19 per cent. up to EUR 
6,000.00 21 per cent. for taxable income between EUR 6,000.01 and EUR 50,000.00 23 per cent. 
for taxable income between EUR 50,000.01 and EUR 200,000.00, 27 per cent. for taxable income 
between EUR 200,000.01 and EUR 300,000.00 and 28 per cent. for taxable income in excess of 
EUR 300,000.00. 
No withholding on account of Personal Income Tax will be imposed on interest as well as on 
income derived from the redemption or repayment of the Instruments by individual Holders subject 
to Personal Income Tax, provided that certain requirements are met (including that the 
Instruments are listed in a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or other organized market 
and the Issue and Paying Agent provides the Issuer and the Guarantor, in a timely manner, with a 
duly executed and completed Payment Statement). See "— Information about the Instruments in 
Connection with Payments". 
If the Issue and Paying Agent fails or for any reason is unable to deliver the required information 
in the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold the relevant percentage (19 per cent. as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus) and will not pay additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
In any event, the individual Holder may credit the withholding against his or her Personal Income 
Tax liability for the relevant year. 
1.2 
Reporting Obligations 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax 
laws with respect to Holders who are individual residents in Spain for tax purposes. 
1.3 
Wealth Tax and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio e Impuesto Temporal de 
Solidaridad de las Grandes Fortunas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain that hold Instruments at 31 December of any year are 
subject to Spanish Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds a certain limit. This limit 
has been set at EUR 700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the average market value 
of the Instruments during the last quarter of the year and the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 
per cent. and 3.5 per cent. The autonomous communities may have different provisions and 
additional relief in this respect. 
In addition, the solidarity provisional wealth tax for high-net-worth individuals (the so-called 
"Solidarity Tax") was approved in December 2022 by Law 38/2022, of 27 December, for the 
establishment of temporary taxes on energy and on credit institutions and financial credit 
establishments (the "Solidarity Tax Law"). The Solidarity Tax is a direct and personal tax that 
complements the Wealth Tax in which the taxable event is a natural person's ownership of at least 
EUR3 million in net assets on 31 December of each year. 
The taxpayers of the Solidarity Tax and the Wealth Tax are individuals. In practice, as the 
Solidarity Tax Law allows the Wealth Tax amount payable to be deducted, the Solidarity Tax will 
have a greater impact on taxpayers residing in autonomous regions in which the Wealth Tax is not 
paid (in essence, the Autonomous Region of Madrid and Andalusia). The rates of the Solidarity 
Tax are (i) 1.7 per cent. on a net worth between EUR 3 million and EUR 5 million, (ii) 2.1 per 
cent. on a net worth between EUR 5 million and EUR 10 million and (iii) 3.5 per cent. on a net 
worth of more than EUR10 million.

--- Page 148 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 137 - 
70-41051415 
 
The Solidarity Tax is designed to be temporary and will remain in force for two fiscal years, 
although the Solidarity Tax Law includes a review clause allowing the legislator to assess whether 
to extend it at the end of the initial period. Prospective investors are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in this regard. 
Notwithstanding the above, the so-called "solidarity tax" was approved in December 2022, which 
is a two-year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applies, under certain conditions, to those 
residents in an autonomous region where the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt. 
The rates of the "solidarity tax" are (i) 1.7 per cent. on a net worth between EUR 3 million and 
EUR 5 million, (ii) 2.1 per cent. on a net worth between EUR 5 million and EUR 10 million and 
(iii) 3.5 per cent. on a net worth of more than EUR 10 million. Note that the regulation lays down 
a minimum exempt amount of EUR 700,000.00 which means that its effective impact, in general, 
will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, is greater than EUR 3.7 million. 
1.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Instruments 
by inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional or state rules. The applicable tax rates as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus range between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent. Relevant factors applied (such as previous 
net wealth or family relationship among transferor and transferee) do determine the final effective 
tax rate that range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Payments of both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption 
or repayment of the Instruments must be included in the profit and taxable income of legal entities 
with tax residency in Spain for Corporate Income Tax purposes in accordance with the rules for 
Corporate Income Tax. The current general tax rate is 25 per cent. 
No withholding on account of Corporate Income Tax will be imposed on interest as well as on 
income derived from the redemption or repayment of the Instruments paid to Spanish CIT holder 
of Instruments, provided that certain requirements are met (including that the Instruments are 
listed in a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or other organized market and the Issue 
and Paying Agent provides the Issuer and the Guarantor, in a timely manner, with a duly executed 
and completed Payment Statement). See "— Information about the Instruments in Connection with 
Payments". 
If the Issue and Paying Agent fails or for any reason is unable to deliver the required information 
in the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold the relevant percentage (19 per cent. as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus) and will not pay additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
In any event, legal entities with tax residency in Spain Holders may credit the withholding against 
their Corporate Income Tax liability for the relevant year. 
2.2 
Reporting Obligations 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax 
laws with respect to Holders who are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
2.3 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
2.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Instruments by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax and must

--- Page 149 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 138 - 
70-41051415 
 
include the market value of the Instruments in their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income 
Tax purposes. 
3. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no tax residency in Spain 
3.1 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish tax resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Instruments by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain 
will not in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Instruments form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person 
or legal entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, such permanent establishment 
will be subject to Non-Resident Income Tax on similar terms as those previously set out 
for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish tax resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments periodically received and payments of income deriving from the 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Instruments, obtained by individuals or legal 
entities without tax residency in Spain who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and 
do not act, with respect to the Instruments, through a permanent establishment in Spain 
are exempt from Non-Resident Income Tax and therefore no withholding on account of 
Non-Resident Income Tax shall be levied on such income provided certain requirements 
are met. 
In order to be eligible for the exemption from Non-Resident Income Tax, certain 
requirements must be met, including the Instruments are listed in a regulated market, 
multilateral trading facility or other organized market and the provision by the Issue and 
Paying Agent of certain information relating to the Instruments, in a timely manner as 
detailed under "Information about the Instruments in Connection with Payments" as laid 
down in section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended. If the Issue and Paying Agent 
fails or for any reason is unable to deliver the required information in the manner indicated, 
the Issuer will withhold the relevant percentage (19 per cent. as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus) and will not pay additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
Holders of Instruments not resident in Spain for tax purposes and entitled to exemption 
from Non-Resident Income Tax but, in respect of whose Instruments, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor do not receive information from the Issue and Paying Agent in a timely manner 
as detailed under "Information about the Instruments in Connection with Payments", 
would have to apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they 
may be entitled, according to the procedures set forth in the Spanish Non-Resident Income 
Tax law. 
3.2 
Wealth Tax and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio e Impuesto Temporal de 
Solidaridad de las Grandes Fortunas) 
Spanish non-resident tax individuals will be subject to Spanish Wealth Tax, which imposes a tax 
on property and rights in excess of EUR 700,000 that are located in Spain, or can be exercised 
within the Spanish territory, on the last day of any year. 
However, to the extent that income derived from the Instruments is exempt from Non-Resident 
Income tax, individual Holders not resident in Spain for tax purposes who hold Instruments on the 
last day of any year will be exempt from Spanish Wealth Tax. Furthermore, Holders who benefit 
from a convention for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to wealth tax that provides for 
taxation only in the Holder's country of residence will not be subject to Spanish Wealth Tax. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident individuals 
whose net worth related to property located, or rights that can be exercised, in Spain is above EUR 
700,000 and who hold Instruments on the last day of any year, would therefore be subject to 
Spanish Wealth Tax for such year at marginal rates varying between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent.

--- Page 150 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 139 - 
70-41051415 
 
of the average market value of the Instruments during the last quarter of such year. Non-Spanish 
tax resident individuals may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the assets 
and rights with more value are situated. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisers. 
In addition, the solidarity provisional wealth tax for high-net-worth individuals (the Solidarity Tax) 
was approved in December 2022 by the Law for the establishment of temporary taxes on energy 
and on credit institutions and financial credit establishments (the Solidarity Tax Law). The 
Solidarity Tax is a direct and personal tax, that applies, in general terms and under certain 
conditions, to those Non-Spanish tax resident individuals whose properties and rights are located 
in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory on 31 December of each year. 
The taxpayers of the Solidarity Tax and the Wealth Tax are individuals. In practice, as the 
Solidarity Tax Law allows the Wealth Tax amount payable to be deducted, the Solidarity Tax will 
have a greater impact on taxpayers who have the highest value of their assets and rights located or 
exercisable in autonomous regions in which the Wealth Tax is not paid (in essence, the 
Autonomous Region of Madrid and Andalusia). The rates of the Solidarity Tax are (i) 1.7 per cent. 
on a net worth between EUR 3 million and EUR 5 million, (ii) 2.1 per cent. on a net worth between 
EUR 5 million and EUR 10 million and (iii) 3.5 per cent. on a net worth of more than EUR 10 
million. Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in this regard. 
Non Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax nor to the Solidarity Tax. 
Notwithstanding the above, the so-called "solidarity tax" was approved in December 2022, which 
is a two-year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applies, under certain conditions, to those 
residents in an autonomous region where the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt. 
The rates of the "solidarity tax" are (i) 1.7 per cent. on a net worth between EUR 3 million and 
EUR 5 million, (ii) 2.1 per cent. on a net worth between EUR 5 million and EUR 10 million and 
(iii) 3.5 per cent. on a net worth of more than EUR 10 million. Note that the regulation lays down 
a minimum exempt amount of EUR 700,000.00 which means that its effective impact, in general, 
will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, is greater than EUR 3.7 million. 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Instruments by inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered 
into a convention for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax will 
be subject to the relevant convention for the avoidance of double taxation. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to 
Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable Spanish regional and state legislation, 
to the extent that rights deriving from the Instruments can be exercised within the Spanish territory. 
As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Instruments 
by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to 
Non-Resident Income Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered 
into a double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties 
provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
4. 
Tax Rules for payments made by the Guarantor 
Payments made by the Guarantor to Holders will be subject to the same tax rules previously set 
out for payments made by the Issuer. 
5. 
Information about the Instruments in Connection with Payments 
As described above, interest and other income paid with respect to the Instruments will not be 
subject to Spanish withholding tax unless the Issue and Paying Agent fails or for any reason is 
unable to provide the Issuer and the Guarantor, in a timely manner, with the information described 
in Exhibit I of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 151 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 140 - 
70-41051415 
 
The information obligations to be complied with in order to apply the exemption are those laid 
down in Section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended. 
In accordance with Section 44.5, before the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments) immediately preceding the date on which any 
payment of interest, principal or of any amounts in respect of the early redemption of the 
Instruments (each, a "Payment Date") is due, the Issuer and the Guarantor must receive from the 
Issue and Paying Agent the following information about the Instruments: 
(a) 
the identification of the Instruments with respect to which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
the date on which the relevant payment is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment paid to each entity that manages a clearing and 
settlement system for securities situated outside of Spain (such as Euroclear and 
Clearstream). 
In particular, the Issue and Paying Agent must certify the information above about the Instruments 
by means of a certificate, the form of which is attached as Exhibit I of this Base Prospectus. 
In light of the above, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Issue and Paying Agent have arranged 
certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Instruments by the 
close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding each relevant Payment Date. If, 
despite these procedures, the relevant information is not received by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
on each Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Instruments. Neither 
the Issuer nor the Guarantor will pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
Notwithstanding the above, if, before the tenth calendar day of the month following the month in 
which the relevant income is paid, the Issue and Paying Agent provides the required information, 
the Issuer will reimburse the amounts withheld. In addition, Holders may apply directly to the 
Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled. 
Prospective Holders should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers accepts any 
responsibility relating to the procedures established for the collection of information concerning 
the Instruments. Accordingly, none the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers will be liable for any 
damage or loss suffered by any Holder who would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from 
Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are nonetheless paid net of Spanish 
withholding tax because these procedures prove ineffective. Moreover, neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor will pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. See "Risk Factors 
- Risks relating to Withholding". 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law.

--- Page 152 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 141 - 
70-41051415 
 
EXHIBIT 1 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección 
tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, 
aprobado por Real Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General 
de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las 
normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (…)(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (….)(1) y domicilio en (…) en calidad de (marcar la 
letra que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (…)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax 
identification number (….)(1) and address in (…) as (function - mark as applicable): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el 
extranjero. 
(b) 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación 
y liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory. 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Issue and Paying Agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores .....................................................................................................  
1.1 
Identification of the securities .....................................................................................................  
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)

--- Page 153 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 142 - 
70-41051415 
 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores 
emitidos al descuento o segregados) ........................................................................................  
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at 
discount or are segregated) 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta 
de las Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo 
reembolso intervenga una Entidad Gestora ...........................................................................  
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons 
and segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved ............  
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por 
su importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados). 
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total 
amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores .....................................................................................................  
2.1 
Identification of the securities .....................................................................................................  
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) ................................................................................................................................  
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) .......  
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados) ............................................................................................................  
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated) 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en ……………………a …. de ……………de …. 
I declare the above in …………… … on the…. of…………… … of…. 
(1) 
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar 
el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia

--- Page 154 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 143 - 
70-41051415 
 
(1) 
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be 
included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Instruments should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Instruments 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the Commission's Proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Instruments are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Spanish Tax on Financial Transactions (the "Spanish FTT") 
Spain approved the Spanish law which implements its own Spanish FTT on 7 October 2020. 
The Spanish FTT came into force on 16 January 2021 and charges a 0.2 per cent. rate on specific 
acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies whose market capitalization exceeds EUR 1 
billion (EUR 1,000,000,000), regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties involved in the 
transaction. Therefore, the Spanish FTT will not affect the Instruments. 
Prospective holders of Instruments are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
Spanish FTT. 
US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
Under certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder (commonly referred to as "FATCA"), a 30 per cent. withholding tax 
may apply to certain "foreign passthru payments" made by a foreign financial institution (an "FFI"), 
including an FFI in the chain of ownership between an ultimate beneficial owner and the issuer of an 
obligation that has entered into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") pursuant 
to which it agrees to certain due diligence, reporting and withholding functions (such an FFI referred to as 
a "PFFI"). FATCA withholding may apply to payments made by a PFFI to (a) an FFI that is not a PFFI 
and is not otherwise exempt from FATCA and to (b) certain other payees who fail to provide sufficient 
identifying information (including, in certain cases, regarding their U.S. owners). Certain aspects of the 
application of these rules are modified by intergovernmental agreements between the United States and 
certain other countries ("Intergovernmental Agreements"), including Spain. The term "foreign passthru 
payment" is not defined currently and withholding on foreign passthru payments will not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment". It 
is uncertain how foreign passthru payment withholding will apply under Intergovernmental Agreements, if 
at all. Given the uncertainty of the FATCA provisions, although the Issuer does not expect FATCA 
withholding to apply to payments it makes on the Instruments, FATCA may impact payments by custodians 
or intermediaries in the payment chain between the Issuer and the ultimate beneficial owner of the 
Instruments. The Issuer and the Guarantor have no responsibility for any FATCA withholding applied by 
any such custodians or intermediaries in the ownership chain and would not be required to pay any 
additional amounts were any amount deducted or withheld from any payment pursuant to FATCA.

--- Page 155 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 144 - 
70-41051415 
 
Investors should consult their own tax advisors with respect to FATCA and its application to the 
Instruments and should consider carefully the FATCA compliance status of any financial intermediaries in 
the chain of ownership through which they hold Instruments.

--- Page 156 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 145 - 
70-41051415 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Instruments may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Credit Suisse Bank 
(Europe), S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental 
Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, NatWest Markets 
N.V., Société Générale, UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). Instruments may also be 
sold by the Issuer direct to institutions who are not Dealers. The arrangements under which Instruments 
may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a 
dealership agreement dated 6 April 2022 (as amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to 
time, the "Dealership Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers. Any such 
agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Instruments, 
the price at which such Instruments will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealership 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Instruments. 
United States of America: Regulation S; Category 2; TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms 
Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, US persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Instruments in bearer form are subject to US tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to US persons, except in certain transactions permitted by US 
tax regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Instruments, (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Instruments comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to or for the account or 
benefit of US persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Instruments during 
the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Instruments within the United States or to or for the account or benefit 
of US persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Instruments comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Instruments within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area . For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one or more of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; and

--- Page 157 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 146 - 
70-41051415 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
In relation to each Tranche of Instruments, each Dealer subscribing for or purchasing such Instruments has 
represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent to and agree with, the Issuer, the Guarantor and each other such Dealer (if any) that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Instruments having a maturity of less than one year from 
the date of their issue: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Instruments other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Instruments would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Instruments in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom.

--- Page 158 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 147 - 
70-41051415 
 
The Kingdom of Spain 
Neither the Instruments nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Markets 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that the Instruments may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Instruments 
be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in 
Spain or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. 
The Instruments may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the Spanish Law 
6/2023, of 17 March on the Securities Markets and the Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, 
de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión) (the "Spanish Securities Markets and 
Investment Services Law"), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the legal regime applicable to 
investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de las 
empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión), as 
amended or replaced from time to time, and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and 
in accordance with the provisions of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law and 
further developing legislation. 
Belgium 
With regard to Instruments having a maturity of less than 12 months (and which therefore fall outside the 
scope of the Prospectus Regulation), the Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, 
submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it shall refrain from taking any action that would be characterised as or result in a 
public offering of these Instruments in Belgium in accordance with the Belgian Law on public offerings of 
investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated markets, as 
amended or replaced from time to time. The Instruments are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers, 
and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not advertise, 
offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Instruments to any Belgian Consumers, and has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, 
the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to such Instruments, directly or indirectly, 
to any Belgian Consumer. 
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 
février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for 
purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Japan 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any Instruments in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
"Corporations Act")) in relation to the Programme or any of the Instruments has been, or will be, lodged 
with, or registered by, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") or any other 
regulatory authority in Australia. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it:

--- Page 159 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 148 - 
70-41051415 
 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite 
applications, for the issue, sale or purchase of the Instruments in, to or from Australia (including 
an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information memorandum, 
prospectus or any other offering material or advertisement relating to the Programme or any 
Instruments in Australia, 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent 
in an alternative currency and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or 
its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors 
in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
such action complies with applicable laws, regulations and directives; 
(iii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act; and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia. 
By applying for Instruments under this Base Prospectus, each person to whom Instruments are issued (an 
"Investor"): 
(a) 
will be deemed by the Issuer, the Guarantor and each of the Dealers to have acknowledged that if 
any Investor on-sells Instruments within 12 months from their issue, the Investor will be required 
to lodge a prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) with ASIC 
unless either: 
(i) 
that sale is to an investor within one of the categories set out in sections 708(8) or 708(11) 
of the Corporations Act to whom it is lawful to offer Instruments in Australia without a 
prospectus or other disclosure document lodged with ASIC; or 
(ii) 
the sale offer is received outside Australia; and 
(b) 
will be deemed by the Issuer, the Guarantor and each of the Dealers to have undertaken not to sell 
those Instruments in any circumstances other than those described in paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2) 
above for 12 months after the date of issue of such Instruments. 
This Base Prospectus is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, an advertisement or public 
offering of the Instruments in Australia. 
This Base Prospectus may only be distributed to investors in Australia and any offer of Instruments may 
only be made to investors in Australia, in each case subject to the conditions set out above, on behalf of a 
Dealer by its affiliate holding an Australian Financial Services Licence permitting such licence holder to 
distribute this Base Prospectus and to offer the Instruments to investors in Australia. 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Instruments, other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "Prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and

--- Page 160 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 149 - 
70-41051415 
 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Instruments, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Instruments which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Instruments will not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within 
the People's Republic of China (which, for such purposes, not including Hong Kong and Macau Special 
Administrative Regions or Taiwan (the "PRC")). This Base Prospectus, the Instruments and any material 
or information contained or incorporated by reference herein in relation to the Instruments have not been, 
and will not be, submitted to or approved/verified by or registered with the China Securities Regulatory 
Commission ("CSRC") or other relevant governmental and regulatory authorities in the PRC pursuant to 
relevant laws and regulations and thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection 
with any offer for the subscription or sale of the Instruments in the PRC. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any material or information contained or incorporated by reference herein constitutes an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. 
The Instruments may only be invested by PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in 
the Instruments of the type being offered or sold. PRC investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant 
government regulatory approvals/licences, verification and/or registrations themselves, including, but not 
limited to, any which may be required from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, CSRC, the 
China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying 
with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations 
and/or overseas investment regulations. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Instruments or caused the Instruments to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Instruments or cause the Instruments to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Instruments, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Instruments are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be

--- Page 161 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 150 - 
70-41051415 
 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Instruments pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
No Instruments may be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit any Instruments 
to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any Instruments constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating 
to any Instruments may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken to the Issuer and the Guarantor, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that, to the best 
of its knowledge and belief, it has complied and will comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Instruments 
or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Instruments or possess, distribute or 
publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer 
be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer and the Guarantor.

--- Page 162 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 151 - 
70-41051415 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Any Tranche of Instruments intended to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be so admitted upon submission to the Euronext Dublin 
of the relevant Final Terms and any other information required by the Euronext Dublin, subject to 
the issue of the relevant Instruments. 
However, Instruments may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be listed with such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the sole shareholder of the 
Issuer passed on 30 December 2004 and the giving of the Guarantee by the Guarantor in relation 
to the update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Executive Commission of 
the Board of Directors of the Guarantor passed on 29 March 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will 
obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Instruments, if any. 
3. 
The Instruments have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification 
Number in relation to the Instruments of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating 
thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted 
the relevant Instruments for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
4. 
Bearer Instruments (other than Temporary Global Instruments (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments - Form and Denomination")) and any Coupon appertaining thereto 
will bear a legend substantially to the following effect: "Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." The sections 
referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Bearer Instrument or 
Coupon generally will not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or 
redemption of such Bearer Instrument or Coupon and any gain (which might otherwise be 
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as 
ordinary income. 
5. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Issue and 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar in relation to each Tranche of Instruments. 
6. 
The admission of Instruments issued under the Programme to listing on the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin is expected to take effect on or about 11 April 
2023. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
7. 
Save as described in "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor – Telefónica 
and Telefónica Group companies are party to lawsuits, antitrust, tax claims and other legal 
proceedings" on pages 15 to 16 of this Base Prospectus, under "Telefónica S.A. – Legal 
Proceedings" on pages 119 through 124 of this Base Prospectus and under "Telefónica S.A. – Tax 
Proceedings" on pages 125 through 128 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of 
which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
8. 
Since 31 December 2022 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
Since 31 December 2022 there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer, save as described in "Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. – Recent 
Developments" on page 105 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 163 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 152 - 
70-41051415 
 
9. 
Since 31 December 2022 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Guarantor and the Group. Since 31 December 2022 there has been no significant change in the 
financial position or financial performance of the Guarantor and the Group, save as described in 
"Telefónica S.A. – Recent Developments" on pages 106 to 107 of this Base Prospectus. 
10. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L., with its 
registered address at Torres PwC, Paseo de la Castellana, 259B, 28046 Madrid, Spain, registered 
in the ROAC under number S0242 and unqualified opinions were reported thereon. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores S.L. audited the annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 and unqualified opinions were reported 
thereon. 
11. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Instruments shall be outstanding, copies of 
the following documents (and, where applicable, direct and accurate translation into English) may 
be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent 
and Principal Registrar (or other, the specified office(s) of the Paying Agent(s) in the United 
Kingdom) and at the registered/head office of the Issuer and the Guarantor or at 
www.telefonica.com, namely: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer and the by-laws of the Guarantor together with 
translations into English (in each case as the same may be updated from time to time); 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto; 
(c) 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(f) 
English language translations of the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Guarantor, and the reports referred to therein for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021; 
(g) 
English language translations of the annual accounts of the Issuer, and the reports referred 
to therein, for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021; and 
(h) 
any Final Terms relating to Instruments which are listed on any stock exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
12. 
The Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier is 549300Y5MFC45W5Z3K71. The Guarantor's Legal Entity 
Identifier is 549300EEJH4FEPDBBR25. 
13. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing 
agent for the Issuer (and not on its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission of 
the Instruments to the Official List and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
14. 
Credit Ratings 
Telefónica has been assigned long term credit ratings of BBB- (stable outlook), Baa3 (stable 
outlook), BBB (stable outlook), respectively, by S&P, Moody's and Fitch. Telefónica has been 
assigned short term credit ratings of A3, P3 and F2, respectively, by S&P, Moody's and Fitch. Each 
of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.  The ratings S&P, Moody's and Fitch have given Telefónica have been endorsed 
by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Moody's Investors Service Ltd and Fitch Ratings Ltd.,

--- Page 164 ---
10254442822-v14 
- 153 - 
70-41051415 
 
respectively, which are established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_EU/delegate/getPDF?articleId=2017758&type=COMME
NTS&subType=REGULATORY, (i) a long term credit rating of "BBB" exhibits adequate 
protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more 
likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligations and 
(ii) a short-term credit rating of "A3" exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken an obligor's capacity to 
meet its financial commitments on the obligation. In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
on 
https://www.moodys.com/sites/products/AboutMoodysRatingsAttachments/MoodysRatingSymb
olsandDefinitions.pdf, (i) a long term credit rating of "Baa3" indicates obligations which are judged 
to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative 
characteristics and (ii) a short-term credit rating of "P3" indicates an acceptable ability to repay 
short-term obligations. In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus on https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions (i) a long term credit 
rating of "BBB" indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this capacity and (ii) a short term credit rating of "F2" indicates 
a good capacity for timely payment of financial commitments relative to other issuers or 
obligations in the same country or monetary union. However, the margin of safety is not as great 
as in the case of the higher ratings.

--- Page 165 ---
10254442822-v14 
 
70-41051415 
 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. 
Gran Vía, 28 
28013 Madrid 
Spain 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
Telefónica, S.A. 
Gran Vía, 28 
28013 Madrid 
Spain 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda 28, Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander – Avda. de Cantabria 
Ed. Encinar, First Floor 
28660 Boadilla del Monte Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse, 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 166 ---
10254442822-v14 
 
70-41051415 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores S.L. 
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259B 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT AND PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
ALTERNATIVE REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor as to Spanish tax law 
Uría Menéndez Abogados, S.L.P. 
Príncipe de Vergara, 187 
28002 Madrid 
Spain 
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law 
Clifford Chance S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom