--- Page 1 ---
10154072406-v49 
 
70-41013597 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
TELEFÓNICA EMISIONES, S.A.U. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
€40,000,000,000 
PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF DEBT INSTRUMENTS 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
TELEFÓNICA, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
 
This document comprises a base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central 
Bank") as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(each as defined herein) nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Instruments (as defined below) that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Instruments. Such approval relates 
only to the securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State (as defined 
below) of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Instruments issued 
under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. References in this Base Prospectus to Instruments being "listed" (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Instruments have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus after 
the end of the 12 month validity period which will expire on 16 April 2022. 
This Base Prospectus gives information with regard to Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U., Telefónica, S.A. and the issue of debt 
instruments (the "Instruments") under the programme described above (the "Programme") during the period of twelve months after 
the date hereof. 
The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
See "Risk Factors" for a discussion of certain factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Instruments. 
Potential investors should note the statements on pages 120 to 127 regarding the tax treatment in Spain of income obtained in respect 
of the Instruments. In particular, payments on the Instruments will be exempt from Spanish withholding tax if the Issue and Paying 
Agent provides the Issuer and the Guarantor with certain documentation in a timely manner. 
Tranches of Instruments issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. If a Tranche of Instruments is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche 
of Instruments will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"), or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA nor registered under the EU CRA Regulation, 
or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (4) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established 
in the EEA but which is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Instruments will be 
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation") or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the UK nor 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the UK but will be 
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (4) issued by a 
credit rating agency which is not established in the UK but which is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which 
is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited ("Fitch") has rated the Guarantor, see page 88. Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established in the EEA, registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Market Authority (ESMA) on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The rating which each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch has given to the

--- Page 2 ---
10154072406-v49 
 
70-41013597 
 
Guarantor is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and Fitch Ratings Ltd., respectively, each 
of which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA SECURITIES 
CITIGROUP 
COMMERZBANK 
CREDIT SUISSE 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
MIZUHO SECURITIES 
MORGAN STANLEY 
NATWEST MARKETS 
SANTANDER 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
UNICREDIT 
 
15 April 2021

--- Page 3 ---
10154072406-v49 
- i - 
70-41013597 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. (the "Issuer") and Telefónica, S.A. ("Telefónica", the 
"Company" or the "Guarantor") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Instruments issued under the Programme. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
References herein to the "Programme Date" are to the date specified on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
CERTAIN TERMS AND CONVENTIONS 
As used herein, "Telefónica," the "Telefónica Group," the "Group", the "Company" and terms such as 
"we," "us" and "our" mean Telefónica, S.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
"p.p." means percentage points. 
"YoY" or "y-o-y" means year-on-year. 
Below are definitions of certain technical terms used in this Base Prospectus: 
"5G", is a technology succeeding the mobile technology called 4G. The aim is to make the navigation 
experience and Internet downloads more agile. 
"Access" refers to a connection to any of the telecommunications services offered by Telefónica. A single 
fixed customer may contract for multiple services, and Telefónica believes that it is more useful to count 
the number of accesses a customer has contracted for, rather than to merely count the number of its 
customers. For example, a customer that has fixed line telephony service and broadband service is counted 
as two accesses rather than as one customer. 
"ARPU" is total mobile service revenues during the relevant period divided by the average number of retail 
accesses (based on the beginning and the month-end number of retail accesses during such period), divided 
by the number of months in such period. 
"Artificial Intelligence" is intelligent tasks carried out by machines. 
"AWS" or Amazon Web Services refers to Amazon's service platform offering database storage, content 
delivery and other functionalities that can help a business to grow. It is also more secure than a physical 
server. 
"B2B" or business to business is the business segment. 
"B2C" or business to customer is the residential segment. 
"Bundle" refers to a combination of products that combine fixed services (wirelines, broadband and 
television) and mobile services. 
"CATV" or community antenna television is a system of delivering television programming to consumers 
via radio frequency (RF) signals transmitted through coaxial cables, or in more recent systems, via light 
pulses through fiber-optic cables. 
"Churn" is the percentage of disconnections over the average customer base in a given period. 
"Cloud computing" is a service, whereby shared resources, software and information are provided to 
computers and other devices as a utility over a network (typically, the Internet). 
"Cloud Phone" is an application that allows the transfer of files between two smartphones in a simple way. 
"Commercial activity" includes the addition of new lines, replacement of handsets, migrations and 
disconnections.

--- Page 4 ---
10154072406-v49 
- ii - 
70-41013597 
 
"Connected car" is a vehicle equipped with Internet access and generally through a local wireless network 
or satellite. 
"Convergent" refers to the offer of a fixed service together with a mobile service. 
"Data ARPU" is data revenues during the relevant period divided by the average number of retail accesses 
(based on the beginning and the month-end number of retail accesses during such period), divided by the 
number of months in such period. 
"Data revenues" include revenues from mobile data services such as mobile connectivity and mobile 
Internet, premium messaging, downloading ringtones and logos, mobile mail and SMS/MMS. 
"Data traffic" includes all traffic from Internet access, messaging (SMS, MMS) and connectivity services 
over Telefónica's network. 
"DTH (Direct-To-Home)" is a technology used for the provision of TV services. 
"Fixed telephony accesses" includes public switched telephone network (PSTN) lines (including public 
use telephony), integrated services digital network (ISDN) lines and circuits, "fixed wireless" and Voice 
over IP accesses. 
"FTRs" or fixed termination rates is an established fixed network tariff that applies when a customer makes 
a call to someone in a network operated by another operator. 
"FTTH" or Fiber to Home is the installation and use of optical fiber from a central point directly to 
individual buildings such as apartment buildings and businesses to provide high-speed Internet access. 
"FTTx" is a generic term for any broadband network architecture that uses optical fiber to replace all or 
part of the metal local loop. 
"GHz" means gigahertz. 
"ICT" or information communication technology is the acquisition, processing, storage and dissemination 
of vocal, pictorial, textual and numerical information by a microelectronics-based combination of 
computing and telecommunications. 
"Interconnection revenues" means revenues received from other operators which use Telefónica's 
networks to connect to or finish their calls and SMS or to connect to their customers. 
"Internet and data accesses", "Fixed broadband accesses" or "FBB accesses" include broadband accesses 
(including retail asymmetrical digital subscriber line (ADSL), very high bit-rate digital subscriber line 
(VDSL), satellite, fiber optic and circuits over 2 Mbps), narrowband accesses (Internet service through the 
PSTN lines) and the remaining non-broadband final customer circuits. Internet and data accesses also 
include "Naked ADSL", which allows customers to subscribe for a broadband connection without a 
monthly fixed line fee. 
"IoT" or Internet of Things refers to technologies that allow both mobile and wired systems to communicate 
with other devices with the same capability. 
"IPTV" or Internet Protocol Television refers to distribution systems for television subscription signals or 
video using broadband connections over the IP protocol. 
"ISDN" or Integrated Services Digital Network is a format commonly used for transmitting information 
through a digital high speed connection. 
"Local loop" means the physical circuit connecting the network termination point at the subscriber's 
premises to the main distribution frame or equivalent facility in the fixed public telephone network. 
"LTE" or Long-Term Evolution is a 4G mobile access technology. 
"Market share" is the percentage ratio of the number of final accesses over the existing total market in an 
operating area.

--- Page 5 ---
10154072406-v49 
- iii - 
70-41013597 
 
"Mb" means Megabytes. 
"MHz" means megahertz. 
"MMS" or Multimedia Messaging Service is a standard messaging system allowing mobile phones to send 
and receive multimedia content, including sound, video and photos. 
"Mobile accesses" include accesses to the mobile network for voice and/or data services (including 
connectivity). Mobile accesses are categorized into contract, prepay and IoT accesses. 
"Mobile broadband" includes Mobile Internet (Internet access from devices also used to make voice calls 
such as smartphones), and Mobile Connectivity (Internet access from devices that complement fixed 
broadband, such as PC Cards/dongles, which enable large amounts of data to be downloaded on the move). 
"MTR" or mobile termination rate is an established mobile network tariff that applies when a customer 
makes a call to someone in a network operated by another operator. 
"MVNO" or mobile virtual network operator is a mobile operator that provides mobile services through 
another mobile operator. An MVNO pays a determined tariff to such mobile network operator for using the 
infrastructure to facilitate coverage to its customers. 
"Net adds/Net loss" is the difference between the customer base in a certain period compared to a different 
period. 
"OTT services" or over the top services means services provided through the Internet (such as television 
and video streaming). 
"Pay TV" includes cable TV, direct to home satellite TV (DTH) and IPTV. 
"PSTN" is Public Switched Telephone Network. 
"Revenues" means net sales and revenues from rendering of services. 
"Service revenues" are total revenues minus mobile handset sales. Service revenues are mainly related to 
telecommunication services, especially voice- and data revenues (SMS and data traffic download and 
upload revenues) consumed by Telefónica's customers. 
"SIM" means subscriber identity module, a removable intelligent card used in mobile handsets, USB 
modems, etc. to identify the user in the network. 
"Smart Wi-Fi" is an application in which users can control their Wi-Fi network and the devices connected 
to it from their mobile. 
"SMS" means short messaging service. 
"STB (Set-top box)" is a device that converts a digital television signal to analogue for viewing on a 
conventional set, or that enables cable or satellite television to be viewed. 
"Tbps" means terabytes per second. 
"Tracker" is a special server which contains the information needed for users to connect with other users. 
"UBB" or Ultra Broadband is the fiber-to-the-premise broadband which is capable of giving a minimum 
download speed of 100 Mbps and a minimum upload speed of 50 Mbps. 
"Voice traffic" means voice minutes used by Telefónica's customers over a given period, both outbound 
and inbound. 
"VoIP" means voice over Internet protocol. 
"VPN" or Virtual Private Network extends a private network across a public network and enables users to 
send and receive data across shared or public network.

--- Page 6 ---
10154072406-v49 
- iv - 
70-41013597 
 
"Wholesale accesses" means accesses Telefónica provides to other companies, who then sell services over 
such accesses to their residential and corporate clients. 
In this Base Prospectus certain comparisons are made in local currency or on a "constant Euro basis" or 
"excluding foreign exchange rate effects" in order to present an analysis of the development of the Group's 
results of operations from year-to-year without the effects of currency fluctuations. To make comparisons 
on a local currency basis, financial items in the relevant local currency are compared for the periods 
indicated as recorded in the relevant local currency for such periods. To make comparisons on a "constant 
Euro basis" or "excluding foreign exchange rate effects," the relevant financial item is converted into Euro 
using the prior year's average Euro to relevant local currency exchange rate. In addition, certain financial 
information is presented excluding the effects of Venezuela or Argentina as these are considered 
hyperinflationary economies. 
Changes in exchange rates 
The change in the exchange rates against the euro of the main currencies of the countries in which the 
Group operates are shown below: 
 
Variation of  
closing exchange rate 
(12/31/2020 vs 12/31/2019) 
Variation of  
average exchange rate 
(2020 vs 2019) 
Brazilian real 
(29.0%) 
(24.1%) 
Pound sterling 
(5.2%) 
(1.3%) 
New Peruvian sol 
(16.2%) 
(6.1%) 
Argentine peso 
(34.8%) 
(34.8%) 
Chilean peso 
(3.6%) 
(12.9%) 
Colombian peso 
(12.6%) 
(12.6%) 
Mexican peso 
(13.3%) 
(11.5%) 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment or supplement thereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") 
and, in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Instruments, should be read and construed 
together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined herein). 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates, and neither the Arranger, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has 
authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation 
or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Instrument shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date thereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group since 
the date thereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or the statement of financial position date of the most recent 
financial statements and annual accounts which are deemed to be incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus by reference or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of 
the Instruments in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers

--- Page 7 ---
10154072406-v49 
- v - 
70-41013597 
 
to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Instruments and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Instruments, see 
"Subscription and Sale". In particular, Instruments have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and may include 
Instruments in bearer form which are subject to US tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Instruments may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to US 
persons. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer 
or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to 
any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Instruments and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Instruments. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Group. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Instruments outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €40,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Instruments denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Instruments 
calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealership Agreement as defined under 
"Subscription and Sale"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Instruments which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealership Agreement. 
This Base Prospectus describes in summary form certain Spanish tax implications and procedures in 
connection with an investment in the Instruments (see "Risk Factors — Risks in relation to Spanish 
Taxation" and "Taxation and Disclosure of Information in Connection with Payments — Taxation in 
the Kingdom of Spain"). Holders of Instruments must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply 
with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Instruments. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "$", "dollar", "USD" and "US Dollar" are to United States 
dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America, all references to "sterling", "pound 
sterling", "GBP" or "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; all references to "A$" 
are to Australian dollars, the lawful currency of Australia; all references to "Renminbi" and "CNY" 
are Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of The People's Republic of China; references to 
"Venezuelan bolivar" are to Venezuelan bolívares fuertes, the lawful currency of Venezuela; 
references to "Argentinian peso" are to the Argentinian peso, the lawful currency of Argentina; 
references to the "Colombian peso" are to the Colombian peso, the lawful currency of Colombia; 
references to "Peruvian soles" are to the Peruvian nuevo sol, the lawful currency of Peru; references 
to "Hong Kong dollar" are to the Hong Kong dollar, the lawful currency of Hong Kong; references 
to the "Japanese Yen" are to the Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan; references to 
"Brazilian real" or "reais" are to the Brazilian real, the lawful currency of Brazil; references to "S$" 
are to the Singaporean dollar, the lawful currency of Singapore; and all references to "Euro", 
"EUR" and "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the Euro, as amended. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Instruments, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Instruments or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Instruments at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Instruments is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Instruments and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Instruments. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
10154072406-v49 
- vi - 
70-41013597 
 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition 
of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA . For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended 
or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act, as amended ("FSMA") 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the 
Instruments pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the 
"SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the 
Instruments being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant 
Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend titled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but otherwise 
none of the Arranger, the Dealers and any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 9 ---
10154072406-v49 
- vii - 
70-41013597 
 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MiFIR 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any 
of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules.  
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 10 ---
10154072406-v49 
- viii - 
70-41013597 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................. 22 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS ........................................................................ 30 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ......................................................................................................................... 68 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 73 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 84 
TELEFÓNICA EMISIONES, S.A.U. ........................................................................................................ 86 
TELEFÓNICA, S.A. .................................................................................................................................. 88 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS ...... 120 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 128 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 134

--- Page 11 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 1 - 
70-41013597 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Instruments is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Instruments, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the 
Instruments, the business of the Group and the industry(ies) in which the Group operates, together with all 
other information contained in this Base Prospectus including, in particular, the risk factors described 
below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Instruments but are the material risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe to be the 
most relevant to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the 
Instruments. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Group that are not known to the Group as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, or that the Group deems immaterial as at such date, may individually 
or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on Telefónica's business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Instruments may 
decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether 
an investment in the Instruments is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and 
their personal circumstances. 
The risk factors set out below are applicable to the Issuer, as a member of the Telefónica Group, and to the 
Guarantor. 
The Telefónica Group is affected by a series of risk factors that affect exclusively the Group, as well as a 
series of external factors that are common to businesses of the same sector. The main risks and uncertainties 
faced by Telefónica, which could affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash 
flows are set out below and must be considered jointly with the information set out in the Group's financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the "Consolidated Financial Statements"). 
These risks are currently considered by the Telefónica Group to be material, specific and relevant in making 
an informed investment decision in respect of the Company. However, the Telefónica Group is subject to 
other risks that have not been included in this section based on the Telefónica Group's assessment of their 
specificity and materiality depending on the Group’s assessment of their probability of occurrence and the 
potential magnitude of their impact. 
Risks are presented in this section grouped into four categories: 
- Business 
- Operational 
- Financial 
- Legal and compliance. 
These categories are not presented in order of importance. However, within each category, the risk factors 
are presented in descending order of importance, as determined by Telefónica at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Telefónica may change its vision about their relative importance at any time, especially if new 
internal or external events arise. 
Business Risks. 
Risks related to the business activities. 
Telefónica's competitive position in some markets could be affected by the evolution of competition and 
market consolidation. 
The Telefónica Group operates in highly competitive markets and it is possible that the Group may not be 
able to market its products and services effectively or respond successfully to the different commercial 
actions carried out by its competitors, causing it to not meet its growth and customer retention plans, thereby 
jeopardizing its future revenues and profitability.

--- Page 12 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 2 - 
70-41013597 
 
In addition, market concentration, including as a result of mergers, acquisitions, alliances and collaboration 
agreements with third parties (e.g., the possible integration of companies in the content/entertainment 
sector, such as the mergers of FOX and Disney, and AT&T and Time Warner), could affect the competitive 
position of Telefónica, as well as the efficiency of its operations. 
The reinforcement of competitors, the entry of new competitors, or the merger of operators in certain 
markets, may affect Telefónica's competitive position, negatively affecting the evolution of its revenues 
and market share. In addition, changes in competitive dynamics in the different markets in which the Group 
operates, such as in Chile and Peru, where there are aggressive customer acquisition offers, including 
unlimited data and discounts on certain services, among others, can affect the competitive position and the 
efficiency of Telefónica's operations. 
If Telefónica is not able to successfully face the challenges posed by its competitors, the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be adversely affected. 
The Telefónica Group's strategy, which is focused on driving new digital businesses and providing data-
based services, increases its exposure to risks and uncertainties arising from data privacy regulation. 
The Telefónica Group's commercial portfolio includes products and/or services which are based on the use, 
standardization and analysis of data, as well as the deployment of advanced networks and the promotion of 
new technologies related to Big Data, Cloud Computing, Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence and the IoT. 
The large amount of information and data that is processed throughout the Group (approximately 345.4 
million accesses associated with telecommunications services, digital products and services and Pay TV 
and 112,797 employees as of 31 December 2020), increases the challenges of complying with privacy 
regulations. Moreover, there is a risk that measures adopted in response to these regulations may stifle 
innovation. Conversely, the Group's efforts to promote innovation may result in increased compliance risks 
and costs. 
One of the most important pieces of regulation for the Telefónica Group's operations in the European Union 
is Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016, on the protection 
of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data 
("GDPR"), which content has become a benchmark for all countries where the Telefónica Group operates. 
In addition, progress continues to be made on the proposal for a future European regulation concerning the 
respect for privacy and protection of personal data in electronic communications ("e-Privacy Regulation"), 
which would repeal Directive 2002/58/EC. If approved, this proposal could establish additional and more 
restrictive rules than those established in the GDPR, which may increase compliance risks and costs. 
Moreover, on 16 July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union issued a judgment which annulled, 
without granting a grace or transition period, the European Commission's Decision (EU) 2016/1250 of 12 
July 2016 on the adequacy of the protection provided by the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield. Accordingly, such 
framework is not a valid mechanism to comply with EU data protection requirements when transferring 
personal data from the European Union to the United States. As a result of that decision, the Telefónica 
Group has been, among other measures, reviewing and where applicable revising, in a short period of time, 
international data transfers being made by the Telefónica Group companies from the EEA to suppliers 
located in the United States with a view to minimize the risk of breach of the GDPR. However, due to the 
complexity and uncertainties coming from the aforementioned judgement, there can be no assurance that 
any such measures have been or will be fully effective in preventing a breach of the GDPR. In addition, 
there can be no assurance that the transfers which began under the framework of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield 
did not result in a breach of the GDPR. 
In addition, the following recent and prospective regulatory developments may be material to the Telefónica 
Group's operations: (i) in the United Kingdom, its exit from the European Union means that the Group must 
monitor how its operations and business in the United Kingdom are affected in terms of applicable privacy 
regulations and, specifically, the flow of data to and from the United Kingdom. The Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement between the United Kingdom and the European Union reached on 24 December 2020, which 
has been applied provisionally pending ratification by the authorities of the European Union, contains a 
Final Provision according to which, from 1 January 2021 and for a period of four months, extendable by 
two more months, the transmission of personal data from the EEA to the United Kingdom will not be 
considered a transfer to a third country in accordance with the GDPR. The Final Provision will cease to be 
in effect if, during this period, the European Commission adopts an adequacy decision in relation to the

--- Page 13 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 3 - 
70-41013597 
 
United Kingdom. If the European Commission fails to adopt such a decision during this period, or if such 
adequacy decision contains terms which are more onerous than those currently in place, the Telefónica 
Group may face similar challenges as it is currently facing with respect to data transfers to the United States 
and may have to review and, where appropriate, revise the transfers of personal data to the United Kingdom; 
and (ii) in Latin America, Law No. 13,709 (LGPD) in Brazil imposes standards and obligations similar to 
those required by the GDPR, including a sanctioning regime which will be in force from August 2021, with 
fines for non-compliance of up to 2% of the Group's income in Brazil in the last financial year subject to a 
limit of 50 million Brazilian reals (approximately 8 million euros based on the exchange rate as of 31 
December 2020) per infraction. In other countries of Latin America where the Group operates, such as 
Ecuador, Argentina and Chile, there are regulatory proposals to bring regulation more in line with the 
provisions set forth in the GDPR, which may increase compliance risks and costs. 
Data privacy protection requires careful design of products and services, as well as robust internal 
procedures and rules that can be adapted to regulatory changes where necessary, all of which entails 
compliance risk. Failure to maintain adequate data security and to comply with any relevant legal 
requirements could result in the imposition of significant penalties, damage to the Group's reputation and 
the loss of trust of customers and users. 
Telefónica's reputation depends to a large extent on the digital trust it is able to generate among its 
customers and other stakeholders. In this regard, in addition to any reputational consequences, it is 
important to note that, in the European Union, very serious breaches of the GDPR may entail the imposition 
of administrative fines of up to the larger of 20 million euros and 4% of the infringing company's overall 
total annual revenue for the previous financial year. Furthermore, once it is approved, the e-Privacy 
Regulation may set forth sanctions for breaches of it similar to those provided for in the GDPR. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or cash flows of the Group. 
The Group requires government concessions and licenses for the provision of a large part of its services 
and the use of spectrum, which is a scarce and costly resource. 
The telecommunications sector is subject to laws and sector-specific regulations. The fact that the Group's 
business is highly regulated affects its revenues, operating income before depreciation and amortization 
("OIBDA") and investments. 
Many of the Group's activities (such as the provision of telephone services, Pay TV, the installation and 
operation of telecommunications networks, etc.) require licenses, concessions or authorizations from 
governmental authorities, which typically require that the Group satisfies certain obligations, including 
minimum specified quality levels, and service and coverage conditions. If the Telefónica Group breaches 
any of such obligations it may suffer consequences such as economic fines or, in a worst-case scenario, 
other measures that would affect the continuity of its business. Exceptionally, in certain jurisdictions, the 
terms of granted licenses may be modified before the expiration date of such licenses or, at the time of the 
renewal of a license, new enforceable obligations could be imposed or the renewal of a license could be 
refused. 
Additionally, the Telefónica Group could be affected by the regulatory actions of antitrust authorities. These 
authorities could prohibit certain actions, such as new acquisitions or specific practices, create obligations 
or impose heavy fines. Any such measures implemented by the antitrust authorities could result in economic 
and/or reputational loss for the Group, in addition to a loss of market share and/or harm to the future growth 
of certain of its businesses.  
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or cash flows of the Group. 
Access to new concessions/ licenses of spectrum. 
The Group requires sufficient spectrum to offer its services. The Group's failure to obtain sufficient or 
appropriate spectrum capacity in the jurisdictions in which it operates, or its inability to assume the related 
costs, could have an adverse impact on its ability to maintain the quality of existing services and on its 
ability to launch and provide new services, which may materially adversely affect Telefónica's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

--- Page 14 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 4 - 
70-41013597 
 
The intention of the Group is to maintain current spectrum capacity and, if possible, to expand it, 
specifically through the participation of the Group in spectrum auctions which are expected to take place 
in the next few years, which will likely require cash outflows to obtain additional spectrum or to comply 
with the coverage requirements associated with some of the related licenses. 
In Europe, two auction processes are expected in the near term: (i) in Spain, a spectrum auction of 75 MHz, 
in the band 700 MHz, is expected to launch in the second quarter of 2021; and (ii) in the United Kingdom, 
an auction for the 700 MHz and the 3.6-3.8 GHz bands started in March 2021. The Principal Stage has 
ended, and Telefonica UK won 2x10 MHz in the 700 MHz spectrum band and 40 MHz in the 3.6-3.8 GHz 
band, at a cost of 448 million pounds sterling. The Assignment Stage is currently taking place.   
In Latin America, several auction processes are expected in the near term: (i) in Brazil, on 5 February 2020, 
ANATEL published the proposal for the 5G public auction. It is expected that the auction of 20 MHz of 
the 700 MHz band, 90 MHz of the 2.3 GHz band, 400 MHz of the 3.5 GHz band and 3,200 MHz of the 26 
GHz band will take place in 2021; (ii) in Colombia, the "5G Plan" as well as the 2020-2024 Spectrum 
Public Policy and the 2020-2024 Spectrum Allocation Framework Plan were published. These policy 
documents announced actions to auction the remaining spectrum in the 700 MHz, 1,900 MHz and 2,500 
MHz bands, without indicating a concrete time frame. Additionally, spectrum in the 3.5 GHz band is 
planned to be assigned in the second quarter of 2021; however, this auction could be postponed until 2022. 
Telefónica has requested the Ministerio de las Tecnologías de la Información y las Comunicaciones 
("MinTic") to delay the spectrum auction in the 3.5 GHz band, considering that the market is not yet 
sufficiently prepared. It has also proposed the revision of the spectrum valuation methodology downwards, 
in order to align costs with the spectrum value generation capacity. Finally, although it is in favor of 
increasing the spectrum caps, Telefónica has requested additional measures to avoid resource 
monopolization by the dominant operator; and (iii) in Peru, auctions were announced for the bands 1,750 - 
1,780 MHz, 2,150 - 2,180 MHz and 2,300 - 2,330 MHz, which may take place during 2021. In addition, 
the Ministry of Transportation and Communications has started a public consultation regarding 5G and an 
auction model for the 3.5 GHz and 26 GHz bands. 
Existing licenses: renewal processes and modification of conditions for operating services. 
The revocation or failure to renew the Group's existing licenses, authorizations or concessions, or any 
challenges or amendments to their terms, could materially adversely affect Telefónica's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
In Germany, Telefónica's and other parties' legal actions against Decisions III and IV adopted by the 
German regulator on the conditions of use of frequencies and the rules of the spectrum of the 2 GHz and 
3.4-3.7 GHz bands auction, that ended on 12 June 2019, are pending. With its appeals, Telefónica is 
challenging, in particular, the imposed coverage obligations and the requirement to negotiate on network 
access. Other parties inter alia claim that the obligation to negotiate with other operators is not strict enough. 
It is yet unclear to what extent these different actions will affect the regulator's Decisions III and IV. 
With respect to Latin America: 
In Brazil, ANATEL has approved on 8 February 2021 the Regulation for the Adaptation of Fixed Switched 
Telephone Service Concessions - STFC for Authorizations for the same service (Resolution n° 741/2021), 
regarding the migration from the concession regime to the authorization regime. ANATEL is still working 
on the methodology for calculating the migration balance, and there is a risk that consensus will not be 
reached between the parties regarding the migration calculation. If a decision is made not to migrate, the 
STFC concession will remain in force until 2025. In addition, Telefónica could lose its right to operate 
spectrum in the 450 MHz band, granted in certain cities, if Telefónica's appeal against a decision adopted 
by the regulator in June 2019 is not successful. Furthermore, regarding the extension of the 850 MHz band 
authorizations, ANATEL agreed to extend the current authorizations for the use of radio frequencies in 
Bands A and B, proposing their approval, on a primary basis, until 29 November 2028, if the legal and 
regulatory requirements are met. However, Telefónica has appealed the regulator's decision related to the 
amount due for the extension, arguing that it should be calculated based on net present value parameters to 
reflect the real economic value (market value) of the bands but instead based on the Regulation on the 
Public Price collection for the right to use Radio Frequencies (PPDUR). 
In Peru, an arbitration process was started by the Group, to challenge the decision adopted by the Ministry 
of Transportation and Communications ("MTC"), denying the renewal of concessions for the provision of

--- Page 15 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 5 - 
70-41013597 
 
fixed-line services, valid until 2027. Nevertheless, Telefónica del Perú S.A.A. holds other concessions for 
the provision of fixed-line services that allow it to provide these services beyond 2027. The renewal of the 
1,900 MHz band in all of Peru (except for Lima and Callao), which expired in 2018, and of other 
telecommunications services were requested by the Group and a decision by the MTC is still pending. 
Nevertheless, these concessions are valid while the procedures are in progress. 
In Colombia, the period to request the renewal of the license to use 15 MHz in the 1,900 MHz band will 
expire in April 2021. Unless it is renewed, the license will expire on 18 October 2021. MinTic must 
establish the renewal conditions in accordance with law 1978/19, which implies market prices conditions, 
extends the license periods to a maximum of 20 years and allows paying up to 60% of the price of the 
spectrum through obligations to do or take action. 
In Chile, as a result of the Supreme Court ruling on the 700 MHz tender, Telefónica Móviles Chile returned 
50 MHz in the 3.5 GHz band to the state in two regions in the south of the country and auctioned 10 MHz 
of the 1,900 MHz band, the result of which was announced on 21 December 2020. 
In Argentina, in connection with Decree of Necessity and Urgency 690/2020 ("DNU 690/2020"), 
Telefónica de Argentina, S.A. and Telefónica Móviles Argentina, S.A. (collectively, "Telefónica 
Argentina") has filed a lawsuit against the Argentine State, in connection with a series of contracts for 
licenses to provide services and spectrum use authorizations entered into between Telefónica Argentina 
and the Argentine State, including the licenses resulting from the 2014 spectrum auction. Such contracts 
and their regulatory framework stated that the services provided by Telefónica Argentina were private and 
prices would be freely set by Telefónica Argentina. However, DNU 690/2020, by providing that the 
services will be "public services" and that prices will be regulated by the Argentine State, substantially 
modifies the legal status of those contracts, affecting the performance of their obligations and substantially 
depriving Telefónica Argentina of essential rights derived from those contracts. 
During 2020, the Group's consolidated investment in spectrum acquisitions and renewals amounted to 126 
million euros (1,501 million euros in 2019, 1,425 million euros of which corresponded to spectrum 
acquisition in Germany), representing 0.3% of the Group's consolidated revenues for 2020 (3.1% in 2019). 
In the event that the licenses mentioned above are renewed or new spectrum is acquired, it would involve 
additional investments by Telefónica. 
Further information on certain key regulatory matters affecting the Telefónica Group and the concessions 
and licenses of the Telefónica Group can be found in the Appendix VI of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements: "Key regulatory issues and concessions and licenses held by the Telefónica Group". 
Telefónica depends on its suppliers. 
The existence of critical suppliers in the supply chain, especially in areas such as network infrastructure, 
information systems or handsets with a high concentration in a small number of suppliers, poses risks that 
may affect Telefónica's operations. This may cause legal contingencies or damages to its image in the event 
that a participant in the supply chain engages in practices that do not meet acceptable standards or that 
otherwise fail to meet Telefónica's performance expectations. This may include delays in the completion 
of projects or deliveries, poor-quality execution, cost deviations and inappropriate practices. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group depended on three handset suppliers (one of them located in China) 
and eight network infrastructure suppliers (two of them located in China), which, together, accounted for 
87% and 80%, respectively, of the aggregate value of contracts awarded in 2020 to handset suppliers and 
network infrastructure suppliers. One of the handset suppliers represented 54% of the aggregate value of 
contracts awarded in 2020 to handset suppliers. 
These suppliers may, among other things, extend delivery times, raise prices and limit supply due to their 
own stock shortfalls and business requirements or for other reasons. 
If suppliers cannot supply their products to the Telefónica Group within the agreed deadlines or such 
products and services do not meet the Group's requirements, this could hinder the deployment and 
expansion plans of the network. This could in certain cases affect Telefónica's compliance with the terms 
and conditions of the licenses under which it operates, or otherwise adversely affect the business and 
operating results of the Telefónica Group. In addition, the possible adoption of new protectionist measures 
in certain parts of the world, including as a result of trade tensions between the United States and China,

--- Page 16 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 6 - 
70-41013597 
 
and/or the adoption of lockdown or other restrictive measures as a result of COVID-19 or any other crisis 
or pandemic, may have an adverse impact on certain of Telefónica's suppliers and other players in the 
industry. The imposition of trade restrictions and any disruptions in the supply chain could result in higher 
costs and lower margins or affect the ability of the Telefónica Group to offer its products and services and 
could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
During 2020, specific monitoring has been carried out and action plans have been developed by the Group 
with respect to the supply chain challenges resulting from the pandemic, as well as the potential 
discontinuation of use of some suppliers as a result of the U.S.-China conflict. These developments may 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Telefónica operates in a sector characterized by rapid technological changes and it may not be able to 
anticipate or adapt to such changes or select the right investments to make. 
The pace of innovation and Telefónica's ability to keep up with its competitors is a critical issue in a sector 
so affected by technology such as telecommunications. In this sense, significant additional investments will 
be needed in new high-capacity network infrastructures to enable Telefónica to offer the features that new 
services will demand, through the development of technologies such as 5G or fiber optic. 
New products and technologies are constantly emerging that can render products and services offered by 
the Telefónica Group, as well as its technology, obsolete. In addition, the explosion of the digital market 
and the entrance of new players in the communications market, such as mobile network virtual operators 
("MNVOs"), internet companies, technology companies or device manufacturers, could result in a loss of 
value for certain of the Group's assets, affect the generation of revenues, or otherwise cause Telefónica to 
have to update its business model. In this respect, revenues from traditional voice business are shrinking, 
while new sources of revenues are increasingly derived from connectivity and digital services. Examples 
of these services include video, IoT, security, Big Data and cloud services. 
One of the technologies currently being developed by telecommunications operators, including Telefónica 
(in Spain and Latin America), is the new FTTx type networks which allow the offering of broadband 
accesses over fiber optics with high performance. However, the deployment of such networks, in which the 
copper of the access loop is totally or partially replaced by optical fiber, necessitates high levels of 
investment. As of 31 December 2020, in Spain, fiber coverage reached 25.2 million premises. There is a 
growing demand for the services that these new networks can offer to the end customer. However, the high 
levels of investment required by these networks result in the need to continuously consider the expected 
return on investment, and no assurance can be given that these investments will be profitable. 
In addition, the ability of the Telefónica Group's IT systems (operational and backup) to adequately support 
and evolve to respond to Telefónica's operating requirements is a key factor to consider in the commercial 
development, customer satisfaction and business efficiency of the Telefónica Group. While automation and 
other digital processes may lead to significant cost savings and efficiency gains, there are also significant 
risks associated with such transformation processes. Any failure by the Telefónica Group to develop or 
implement IT systems that adequately support and respond to the Group's evolving operating requirements 
could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash 
flows. 
All of this forces Telefónica to continuously invest in the development of new products, technology and 
services to continue to compete effectively with current or future competitors, and, for this reason, the 
Group's profit and margins could be reduced or such investment could not lead to the development or 
commercialization of successful new products or services. To contextualize the size of the Group's 
investments, total research and development expenditure in 2020 was 959 million euros (866 million euros 
in 2019). These expenditures represented 2.2% and 1.8% of the Group's consolidated revenues in 2020 and 
2019, respectively. These figures have been calculated using the guidelines established in the Organization 
for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") manual. 
If Telefónica is not able to anticipate and adapt to the technological changes and trends in the sector, or to 
properly select the investments to be made, this could negatively affect the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

--- Page 17 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 7 - 
70-41013597 
 
Telefónica may not anticipate or adapt in a timely manner to changing customer demands and/or new 
ethical or social standards, which could adversely affect Telefónica's business and reputation. 
To maintain and improve its position in the market vis-à-vis its competitors, it is vital that Telefónica: (i) 
anticipates and adapts to the evolving needs and demands of its customers, and (ii) avoids commercial or 
other actions or policies that may generate a negative perception of the Group or the products and services 
it offers, or that may have or be perceived to have a negative social impact. In addition to harming 
Telefónica's reputation, such actions could also result in fines and sanctions. 
In order to respond to changing customer demands, Telefónica needs to adapt both (i) its communication 
networks and (ii) its offer of digital services. 
The networks, which had historically focused on voice transmission, are evolving into increasingly flexible, 
dynamic and secure data networks, replacing, for example, old copper telecommunications networks with 
new technologies such as fiber optics, which facilitate the absorption of the exponential growth in the 
volume of data demanded by the Group's customers. 
In relation to digital services, customers require an increasingly digital and personalized experience, as well 
as a continuous evolution of the Group's product and service offering. In this sense, new services such as 
"Smart Wi-Fi" or "Connected Car", which facilitate certain aspects of the Group's customers' digital lives, 
are being developed. Furthermore, new solutions for greater automation in commercial services and in the 
provision of the Group's services are being developed, through new apps and online platforms that facilitate 
access to services and content, such as new video platforms that offer both traditional Pay TV, video on 
demand or multi-device access. However, there can be no assurance that these and other efforts will be 
successful. For example, if streaming television services, such as Netflix or others, become the principal 
way television is consumed to the detriment of the Group's Pay TV service, the Group's revenues and 
margins could be affected. 
In the development of all these initiatives it is also necessary to take into account several factors: on one 
hand, there is a growing social and regulatory demand for companies to behave in a socially responsible 
manner, and, on the other hand, the Group's customers are increasingly interacting through online 
communication channels, such as social networks, in which they express this demand. The Company's 
ability to attract and retain clients depends on their perceptions regarding the Group's reputation and 
behavior. The risks associated with potential damage to a brand's reputation have become more relevant, 
especially due to the impact that the publication of news through social networks can have. 
If Telefónica is not able to anticipate or adapt to the evolving needs and demands of its customers or avoid 
inappropriate actions, its reputation could be adversely affected, or it could otherwise have an adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Group. 
Operational Risks. 
Information technology is key to the Group's business and is subject to cybersecurity risks. 
The risks derived from cybersecurity are among the Group's most relevant risks due to the importance of 
information technology to its ability to successfully conduct operations. Despite advances in the 
modernization of the network and the replacement of legacy systems in need of technological renewal, the 
Group operates in an environment increasingly prone to cyber-threats and all of its products and services, 
such as mobile Internet or Pay TV services, are intrinsically dependent on information technology systems 
and platforms that are susceptible to cyberattacks. Successful cyberattacks that disrupt the Group's 
operations could prevent the effective provision of products and services to customers. Therefore, it is 
necessary to continue to identify and remedy any technical vulnerabilities and weaknesses in the Group's 
operating processes, as well as to strengthen its capabilities to detect and react to incidents. This includes 
the need to strengthen security controls in the supply chain (for example, by focusing on the security 
measures adopted by the Group's partners and other third parties), as well as to ensure the security of the 
services in the cloud. Throughout 2020, as a result of the circumstances brought by the COVID-19 
pandemic, security measures related to remote access and teleworking of employees and collaborators have 
been reviewed and strengthened, but no assurance can be provided that such security measures will be 
effective.

--- Page 18 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 8 - 
70-41013597 
 
Telecommunications companies worldwide face continuously increasing cybersecurity threats as 
businesses become increasingly digital and dependent on telecommunications, computer networks and 
cloud computing technologies. Cybersecurity threats may include gaining unauthorized access to the 
Group's systems or propagating computer viruses or malicious software to misappropriate sensitive 
information like customer data or disrupt the Group's operations. In addition, traditional security threats, 
such as theft of laptop computers, data devices and mobile phones may also affect the Group along with 
the possibility that the Group's employees or other persons may have unauthorized or authorized access to 
the Group's systems and leak data and/or take actions that affect the Group's networks or otherwise 
adversely affect the Group or its ability to adequately process internal information or even result in 
regulatory penalties. 
In particular, in the past three years, the Group has suffered several cybersecurity incidents. Attacks during 
this period include (i) intrusion attempts (direct or phishing), exploitation of vulnerabilities and corporate 
credentials being compromised for ransomware deployment (through malicious software that encrypts 
business data); (ii) Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack, using massive volumes of Internet traffic 
that saturate the service; and (iii) exploitation of vulnerabilities to carry out fraud through online channels, 
usually through the subscription of services without paying for them. 
Some of the main measures adopted by the Telefónica Group to mitigate these risks are vulnerabilities 
checks, access control measures, log review of critical systems, network segregation in zones and the 
deployment of protective systems such as firewalls, intrusion prevention systems and virus scanners among 
other physical and logical security measures. In the event that preventive and control measures do not 
prevent damage to systems or data, backup systems are designed to provide for the full or partial retrieval 
of information. 
Although Telefónica seeks to manage these risks by adopting technical and organizational measures, such 
as those referred to above, as defined in its digital security strategy, it cannot guarantee that such measures 
are sufficient to avoid or fully mitigate such incidents. Therefore, the Telefónica Group has insurance 
policies in place, which could cover, subject to the policies terms, conditions, exclusions, limits and 
sublimits of indemnity, and applicable deductibles, certain losses arising out of these types of incidents. To 
date, the insurance policies in place have covered some incidents of this nature, however due to the potential 
severity and uncertainty about the evolution of the aforementioned events, these policies may not be 
sufficient to cover all possible losses arising out of an individual event. 
Unanticipated network interruptions can lead to quality loss or the interruption of the service. 
Unforeseen service interruptions can be due to system failures, natural disasters caused by natural or 
meteorological events or phenomena, lack of electric supply, network failures, hardware or software 
failures, theft of network elements or cyber-attacks. Any of the foregoing can affect the quality of, or cause 
interruption to, the provision of the services of the Telefónica Group. 
Such events, like the one that affected the mobile data services provided by O2 UK at the end of 2018 
resulting from a software failure, could cause customer dissatisfaction, a reduction in revenues and traffic, 
the realization of expensive repairs, the imposition of sanctions or other measures by regulatory bodies, and 
damage to the image and reputation of the Telefónica Group, or could otherwise have an adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Group. 
Financial Risks. 
Worsening of the economic and political environment could negatively affect Telefónica's business. 
Telefónica's international presence enables the diversification of its activities across countries and regions, 
but it exposes Telefónica to diverse legislation, as well as to the political and economic environments of 
the countries in which it operates. Any adverse developments in this regard, including exchange rate or 
sovereign-risk fluctuations, may adversely affect Telefónica's business, financial position, cash flows and 
results of operations and/or the performance of some or all of the Group's financial indicators. 
During 2020, Telefónica Spain accounted for 28.8% (26.5% in 2019) of the Telefónica Group's revenues 
(sales and services), Telefónica UK accounted for 15.6% of the Telefónica Group's revenues (14.7% in 
2019), Telefónica Brazil represented 17.2% of the Telefónica Group's revenues (20.7% in 2019) and 
Telefónica Hispam accounted for 18.4% of the Telefónica Group's revenues (19.9% in 2019). During 2020,

--- Page 19 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 9 - 
70-41013597 
 
4.0% of the Telefónica Group's revenues came from Argentina, 3.8% from Peru and 3.7% from Chile 
(4.5%, 4.3% and 4.0%, respectively, in 2019). Approximately 23.2% of the Group's revenues in 2020 came 
from countries that do not have investment grade credit rating (in order of importance, Brazil, Argentina, 
Ecuador, Costa Rica, El Salvador and Venezuela), and other countries are just one grade away from losing 
this status. Likewise, Venezuela and Argentina are considered to be countries with hyperinflationary 
economies in 2020 and 2019. 
The main risks are detailed below, by geography: 
In Europe, there is the risk of both a faster spread of the COVID-19 pandemic if the vaccination schedule 
does not improve significantly and a tightening of financing conditions for both the private and public 
sectors that could adversely impact disposable income. Both global factors (including any global economic 
deterioration) and domestic issues (such as the worsening of the fiscal sustainability in some European 
countries (e.g. Spain or Italy)) may affect economic conditions in the countries where the Group operates. 
• 
Spain: there are three other main sources of uncertainty. One of them stems from the economic 
policies to be implemented from 2021 onwards, given the high level of parliamentary 
fragmentation and the lack of agreement on key issues. This applies especially to the European 
Recovery Fund management. Secondly, there is a risk of wider negative economic impact from the 
pandemic, resulting in a larger proportion of corporate foreclosures and/or higher unemployment 
levels. Finally, as one of the most open countries in the world, from a commercial point of view, 
being among the top ten countries in respect of capital outflows and inflows globally, any situation 
of protectionist backlash could have significant implications. 
• 
The United Kingdom: the formal exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union on 31 
December 2020 ("Brexit") will entail an economic adjustment regardless of the agreement reached 
on the new economic and commercial relationship between the two regions. The trade and 
bureaucracy costs of leaving the single market and the customs union (especially those related to 
non-tariff barriers) could weigh on the country's net trade. In addition, there are still many gaps to 
be closed in the area of services (particularly, financial and professional services), so variables 
such as investment, economic activity and employment could be among the most affected, as well 
as volatility in financial markets, which could limit or condition access to capital markets. These 
changes can be costly and disruptive to business relationships in the affected markets, including 
those of Telefónica with its suppliers and customers. The Group would also be adversely affected 
if the pound sterling were to depreciate. 
• 
Latin America: exchange risk is particularly important. This risk is due to both external factors 
(global trade tensions, abrupt movements in commodity prices and concerns about growth and 
financial imbalances in China) and internal factors (challenges relating to controlling the COVID-
19 pandemic and managing the underlying fiscal deterioration, see "Unexpected and uncertain 
events such as the emergence of the COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic significantly affect the 
Group's operations"): 
• 
Brazil: fiscal sustainability remains the main risk, which the government is currently tackling 
through its commitment to structural reforms including administration and tax system reforms, 
which not only seek to guarantee sustainability but also raise Brazil's potential growth. The fact 
that the country's rating is below investment grade and that its internal financing needs are high, 
could create a greater financial risk in the event of global financial stress and increasing external 
and internal financial needs, and could also negatively affect the exchange rate performance. 
• 
Argentina: macroeconomic and exchange rate risks remain high. The challenges the economy is 
facing, both internally (ongoing process of public deficit reduction in a context of economic 
recession and high inflation) and externally (with significant refinancing needs in the medium 
term), make the economy vulnerable to bouts of volatility in the financial markets especially in a 
context of narrower room for manoeuvre. Further, the worsening inflation outlook as a result of 
the exchange rate split and the unsustainable price containment measures that have been adopted, 
threaten Telefónica's profitability. In particular, the Decree of Need and Urgency ("DNU") 
launched by the government in the third quarter of 2020, declared the Information and 
Communications Technology sector services as essential public services and, among other 
measures, suspended any price increase from 31 July 2020 to 31 December 2020. As a consequence, 
any potential increase in the sector's tariff prices must have the prior approval of the Secretary of

--- Page 20 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 10 - 
70-41013597 
 
Commerce (Ministry of Finance), increasing the number of administrative and political obstacles 
that must be overcome to successfully operate the Group's business and which could have an 
adverse impact on revenue growth and margin evolution of Telefónica's businesses in such country. 
• 
Chile, Colombia and Peru: are exposed not only to changes in the global economy, given their 
vulnerability and exposure to unexpected changes in commodity prices, but also to an abrupt 
hardening of global financial conditions. On the domestic side, both the existing political instability 
and the possibility of new episodes of social unrest could have a negative impact in the short and 
medium term. 
Unexpected and uncertain events, such as the emergence of the COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic, 
significantly affect Telefonica's operations. 
The COVID-19 pandemic and future similar events may significantly affect Telefonica's operations. Such 
events may cause delays in the supply chain, due to problems in factories or logistics services, affect 
employees or third parties with whom the Group works during contagion or quarantine periods, and affect 
global and regional economic growth. During the COVID-19 pandemic, economic growth has been 
adversely affected by various negative impacts on supply (global value chains disruptions, lockdowns and 
immobilization of productive resources) and demand (deterioration of confidence and expectations, 
negative income and wealth effects) derived from a substantial deterioration in the financial markets, 
unprecedented drops in commodity prices, sudden slowdown in commercial activity and strong restrictions 
on transportation. The final impact of COVID-19 on the Group's business is difficult to predict due to the 
uncertainty surrounding the duration of the pandemic and the ability of the economy of the countries where 
the Group operates, to recover. 
In 2020, global GDP contracted around 3.5% due to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, despite this 
decrease being one of the deepest recessions in history, expectations for 2020 have markedly improved 
since October 2020 (+0.9 p.p.) thanks to a stronger recovery than previously anticipated during the second 
half of 2020 due to the high volume of fiscal and monetary support programs. 
In Spain, the decrease in GDP reached 22.2% (in cumulative terms) during the first half of the year 2020 
(second quarter -17.8%), which led to 1,359,700 people losing their jobs between March and May. 
However, the gradual lifting of restrictions on mobility and limitations on non-essential activities, has 
allowed the Spanish economy to restart its activity and GDP grew 16.4% in the third quarter of 2020, the 
greatest variation in real terms of its historical series. However, the new measures adopted in the last quarter 
of 2020 to contain the advance of the pandemic have slowed GDP growth to +0.4%, which resulted in an 
annual contraction of 11% in 2020. This contraction has occurred despite the magnitude of the fiscal 
packages announced by the national government of Spain, composed of both direct spending (3.5% of 
GDP) and liquidity guarantees (14.2% of GDP), whose aim is to maintain the productive structure and 
which, given the volume, raises concerns about debt sustainability in the medium and long term. 
With regards to the risks arising from the impact of the pandemic on Latin American countries (mainly 
Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Peru), the main concern is the possibility of another lost decade due 
to the deterioration of the region's per capita GDP and the consequent setbacks in terms of poverty and 
social progress. A second focus of uncertainty is related to fiscal sustainability. The significant deterioration 
experienced by sovereign metrics during the pandemic introduces a non-negligible probability of a credit 
quality cutback, with the consequent increase in the cost of external financing which may negatively affect 
foreign exchange performance. 
Group management estimates that the negative impact of the pandemic on Group's revenues in 2020 was 
approximately 1,905 million euros, while the impact on OIBDA (excluding goodwill impairment) was 
approximately 977 million euros. 
Additionally, the COVID-19 crisis has contributed to the depreciation of the main Latin American 
currencies against the euro (see "Important Notices – Changes in exchange rates").  
The exchange rate figures evolution has led to goodwill impairment losses. The results of the impairment 
tests are included in the risk "The Group has and in the future could experience impairment of goodwill, 
deferred tax assets or other assets".

--- Page 21 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 11 - 
70-41013597 
 
The Group has and in the future could experience impairment of goodwill, deferred tax assets or other 
assets. 
In accordance with current accounting standards, the Telefónica Group reviews on an annual basis, or more 
frequently when the circumstances require it, the need to introduce changes to the book value of its goodwill 
(which represented 16.2% of the Group's total assets as of 31 December 2020), deferred tax assets (which 
represented 6.1% of the Group's total assets as of 31 December 2020) or other assets, such as intangible 
assets (which represented 10.9% of the Group's total assets as of 31 December 2020), and property, plant 
and equipment (which represented 22.6% of the Group's total assets as of 31 December 2020). In the case 
of goodwill, the potential loss of value is determined by the analysis of the recoverable value of the cash-
generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which the goodwill is allocated to at the time it is 
originated. By way of example, in 2020 impairment losses in the goodwill and other assets of Telefónica 
Argentina were recognized for a total of 894 million euros. In 2019, impairment losses in the goodwill 
allocated to Telefónica Argentina were recognized for a total of 206 million euros. 
In addition, Telefónica may not be able to realize deferred tax assets on its statement of financial position 
to offset future taxable income. The recoverability of deferred tax assets depends on the Group's ability to 
generate taxable income over the period for which the deferred tax assets remain deductible. If Telefónica 
believes it is unable to utilize its deferred tax assets during the applicable period, it may be required to 
record an impairment against them resulting in a non-cash charge on the income statement. By way of 
example, in 2019, Telefónica Móviles México derecognized deferred tax assets amounting to 454 million 
euros. In 2020, deferred tax assets corresponding to the tax Group in Spain amounting to 101 million euros 
were derecognized. 
Further impairments of goodwill, deferred tax or other assets may occur in the future which may materially 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
The Group faces risks relating to its levels of financial indebtedness, the Group's ability to finance itself, 
and its ability to carry out its business plan. 
The operation, expansion and improvement of the Telefónica Group's networks, the development and 
distribution of the Telefónica Group's services and products, the implementation of Telefónica's strategic 
plan and the development of new technologies, the renewal of licenses and the expansion of the Telefónica 
Group's business in countries where it operates, may require a substantial amount of financing. 
The Telefónica Group is a relevant and frequent issuer of debt in the capital markets. As of 31 December 
2020, the Group's gross financial debt amounted to 50,420 million euros (52,364 million euros as of 31 
December 2019), and the Group's net financial debt amounted to 35,228 million euros (37,744 million euros 
as of 31 December 2019). As of 31 December 2020, the average maturity of the debt was 10.79 years (10.50 
years as of 31 December 2019), including undrawn committed credit facilities. 
A decrease in the liquidity of Telefónica, or a difficulty in refinancing maturing debt or raising new funds 
as debt or equity could force Telefónica to use resources allocated to investments or other commitments to 
pay its financial debt, which could have a negative effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Funding could be more difficult and costly in the event of a deterioration of conditions in the international 
or local financial markets due, for example, to monetary policies set by central banks, including increases 
in interest rates and/or decreases in the supply of credit, increasing global political and commercial 
uncertainty and oil price instability, or if there is an eventual deterioration in the solvency or operating 
performance of Telefónica. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group's gross financial debt scheduled to mature in 2021 amounted to 8,123 
million euros, and gross financial debt scheduled to mature in 2022 amounted to 4,243 million euros. 
In accordance with its liquidity policy, Telefónica has covered its gross debt maturities for the next 12 
months with cash and credit lines available as of 31 December 2020. As of 31 December 2020, the 
Telefónica Group had undrawn committed credit facilities arranged with banks for an amount of 13,354 
million euros (12,466 million euros of which were due to expire in more than 12 months). As of 31 
December 2020, 6.6% of the aggregate undrawn amount under credit lines was scheduled to expire prior to 
31 December 2021.

--- Page 22 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 12 - 
70-41013597 
 
In addition, given the interrelation between economic growth and financial stability, the materialization of 
any of the economic, political and exchange rate risks referred to above could adversely impact the 
availability and cost of Telefónica's financing and its liquidity strategy. This in turn could have a negative 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Finally, any downgrade in the Group's credit ratings may lead to an increase in the Group's borrowing costs 
and could also limit its ability to access credit markets. 
The Group's financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if it does not 
effectively manage its exposure to foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates. 
Interest rate risk arises primarily in connection with changes in interest rates affecting: (i) financial expenses 
on floating-rate debt (or short-term debt likely to be renewed); and (ii) the value of long-term liabilities at 
fixed interest rates. 
In nominal terms, as of 31 December 2020, 75.2% of the Group's net financial debt plus commitments had 
its interest rate set at fixed interest rates for periods of more than one year. To illustrate the sensitivity of 
financial expenses to variations in short-term interest rates as of 31 December 2020: (i) a 100 basis points 
increase in interest rates in all currencies in which Telefónica had a financial position at that date would 
have led to an increase in financial expenses of 100 million euros, whereas (ii) a 100 basis points decrease 
in interest rates in all currencies (even if negative rates are reached), would have led to a reduction in 
financial expenses of 97 million euros. For the preparation of these calculations, a constant position 
equivalent to the position at that date is assumed, which takes into account the financial derivatives 
contracted by the Group. 
Exchange rate risk arises primarily from: (i) Telefónica's international presence, through its investments 
and businesses in countries that use currencies other than the euro (primarily in Latin America and the 
United Kingdom); (ii) debt denominated in currencies other than that of the country where the business is 
conducted or the home country of the company incurring such debt; and (iii) trade receivables or payables 
in a foreign currency to the currency of the company with which the transaction was registered. According 
to the Group's calculations, the impact on results, and specifically on net exchange differences, due to a 
10% depreciation of Latin American currencies against the U.S. dollar and a 10% depreciation of the rest 
of the currencies to which the Group is most exposed (mainly the pound sterling) against the euro would 
result in exchange gains of 55 million euros for the year ended 31 December 2020. These calculations have 
been made assuming a constant currency position with an impact on profit or loss for the year ended 31 
December 2020, taking into account derivative instruments in place. 
During 2020, Telefónica Brazil represented 23.6% (28.2% in 2019), Telefónica United Kingdom 
represented 15.3% (14.0% in 2019), Telefónica Hispam represented 7.3% (13.4% in 2019) of the OIBDA 
of the Telefónica Group. 
In 2020, the evolution of exchange rates negatively impacted the Group's results, decreasing the year-on-
year growth of the Group's consolidated revenues and OIBDA by an estimated 6.5 percentage points and 
8.0 percentage points, respectively, mainly due to the depreciation of the Brazilian real (3.1 percentage 
points and 2.2 percentage points, respectively, in 2019). Furthermore, translation differences in 2020 had a 
negative impact on the Group's equity of 5,801 million euros (negative impact of 95 million euros in 2019). 
The Telefónica Group uses a variety of strategies to manage this risk including, among others, the use of 
financial derivatives, which are also exposed to risk, including counterparty risk. The Group's risk 
management strategies may be ineffective, which could adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. If the Group does not effectively manage its exposure to 
foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates, it may adversely affect its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Legal and Compliance Risks. 
Telefónica and Telefónica Group companies are party to lawsuits, antitrust, tax claims and other legal 
proceedings. 
Telefónica and Telefónica Group companies operate in highly regulated sectors and are and may in the 
future be party to lawsuits, tax claims, antitrust and other legal proceedings in the ordinary course of their 
businesses, the outcome of which is unpredictable.

--- Page 23 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 13 - 
70-41013597 
 
The Telefónica Group is subject to regular reviews, tests and audits by tax authorities regarding taxes in 
the jurisdictions in which it operates and is a party and may be a party to certain judicial tax proceedings. 
In particular, the Telefónica Group is currently party to certain litigation in Peru concerning certain previous 
years' income taxes, in respect of which a contentious-administrative appeal is currently pending, and to 
certain tax and regulatory proceedings in Brazil, primarily relating to the ICMS (a Brazilian tax on 
telecommunication services) and the corporate tax. 
With respect to the latter, as of 31 December 2020, Telefónica Brazil maintained provisions for tax 
contingencies amounting to 282 million euros and provisions for regulatory contingencies amounting to 
189 million euros. Although the Group considers its tax estimates to be reasonable, if a tax authority 
disagrees, the Group could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. There can be no 
guarantee that the payment of such additional amounts will not have a significant adverse effect on the 
Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
An adverse outcome or settlement in these or other proceedings, present or future, could result in significant 
costs and may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and/or cash flows. 
The Telefónica Group is exposed to risks in relation to compliance with anti-corruption laws and 
regulations and economic sanctions programs. 
The Telefónica Group is required to comply with the anti-corruption laws and regulations of the 
jurisdictions where it conducts operations around the world, including in certain circumstances with laws 
and regulations having extraterritorial effect such as the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the 
United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010. The anti-corruption laws generally prohibit, among other conduct, 
providing anything of value to government officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business or 
securing any improper business advantage or failing to keep accurate books and records and properly 
account for transactions. 
In this sense, due to the nature of its activities, the Telefónica Group is increasingly exposed to this risk, 
which increases the likelihood of occurrence. In particular, it is worth noting the continuous interaction 
with officials and public administrations in several areas, including the institutional and regulatory fronts 
(as the Telefónica Group carries out a regulated activity in different jurisdictions), the operational front (in 
the deployment of its network, the Telefónica Group is subject to obtaining multiple activity permits) and 
the commercial front (the Telefónica Group provides services directly and indirectly to public 
administrations). Moreover, Telefónica is a multinational group subject to the authority of different 
regulators and compliance with various regulations, which may be domestic or extraterritorial in scope, 
civil or criminal, and which may lead to overlapping authority in certain cases. Therefore, it is very difficult 
to quantify the possible impact of any breach, bearing in mind that such quantification must consider not 
only the economic amount of sanctions, but also the potential negative impact on the business, reputation 
and/or brand, or the ability to contract with public administrations. 
Additionally, the Telefónica Group's operations may be subject to, or otherwise affected by, economic 
sanctions programs and other forms of trade restrictions ("sanctions") including those administered by the 
United Nations, the European Union and the United States, including the US Treasury Department's Office 
of Foreign Assets Control. The sanctions regulations restrict the Group's business dealings with certain 
sanctioned countries, individuals and entities. In this context, the provision of services by a multinational 
telecommunications group, such as the Telefónica Group, directly and indirectly, and in multiple countries, 
requires the application of a high degree of diligence to prevent the contravention of sanctions (which take 
various forms, including economic sanctions programs applicable to countries, lists of entities and persons 
sanctioned or export sanctions). Given the nature of its activity, the Telefónica Group's exposure to these 
sanctions is particularly noteworthy. 
Although the Group has internal policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the above-
mentioned applicable anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations, there can be no assurance that such 
policies and procedures will be sufficient or that the Group's employees, directors, officers, partners, agents 
and service providers will not take actions in violation of the Group's policies and procedures (or, otherwise 
in violation of the relevant anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations) for which the Group, its 
subsidiaries or they may be ultimately held responsible. In this regard, the Group is currently cooperating 
with governmental authorities (and, where appropriate, conducting the relevant internal investigations) 
regarding requests for information potentially related, directly or indirectly to possible violations of

--- Page 24 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 14 - 
70-41013597 
 
applicable anti-corruption laws. Telefónica believes that, considering the size of the Group, any potential 
penalty as a result of matters relating to those specific information requests would not materially affect the 
Group's financial condition. 
Notwithstanding the above, violations of anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations could lead not only 
to financial penalties, but also to exclusion from government contracts, licenses and authorizations 
revocation, and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, or otherwise adversely affect 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Risks Relating to Withholding 
Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are required to receive certain information relating to the Instruments. If such 
information is not received by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in a timely manner, the Issuer 
will be required to apply Spanish withholding tax to any payment of income in respect of the relevant 
Instruments. 
Provided that the special tax regime contained under the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014 applies 
to the Instruments, in accordance with article 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, payments of income in 
respect of the Instruments will be made without withholding tax in Spain provided that the Instruments are 
originally registered in a non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity recognised by Spanish legislation or 
by the legislation of another OECD country and that the Issue and Paying Agent provides the Issuer and 
the Guarantor in a timely manner with a certificate containing certain information relating to the Instruments 
in the Spanish language substantially in the form set out in Exhibit I, attached hereto. 
This information must be provided by the Issue and Paying Agent to the Issuer and the Guarantor, before 
the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments) 
immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or of any amounts in respect 
of the early redemption of the Instruments (each a "Payment Date") is due. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Issue and Paying Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the 
collection of information concerning the Instruments. If, despite these procedures, the relevant information 
is not received by the Issuer and the Guarantor on each Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold tax at the 
then-applicable rate (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the 
relevant Instruments. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will pay any additional amounts with respect to 
any such withholding. 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement provides that the Issue and Paying Agent will, to the extent 
applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to deliver the required information concerning the 
Instruments to the Issuer and the Guarantor in a timely manner. See "Taxation and Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with Payments — Taxation in the Kingdom of Spain — Information about the 
Instruments in Connection with Payments". 
These procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented, among other reasons, to reflect a change in 
applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or an administrative interpretation thereof. None of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers assumes any responsibility therefor. 
Risks Relating to Subordinated Instruments 
The Issuer's obligations under any Subordinated Instruments will be subordinated 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Instruments specified in the Final Terms as being subordinated will 
be unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and, in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer, will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present and future 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer, except for subordinated obligations pursuant to 
Articles 281.3 to 281.7 of the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Decree 
1/2020, of 5 May (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") and subordinated obligations prescribed by law to, and 
subordinated obligations which are expressed to, rank junior to the Subordinated Instruments. By virtue of 
such subordination, payments to a Holder of Subordinated Instruments will, in the event of the insolvency 
(concurso) of the Issuer only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from higher ranking claims 
have been satisfied. A Holder of Subordinated Instruments may therefore recover less than the holders of

--- Page 25 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 15 - 
70-41013597 
 
unsubordinated or other subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. Although subordinated debt securities may 
pay a higher rate of interest than comparable debt securities which are not subordinated, there is a real risk 
that an investor in subordinated securities such as any Subordinated Instruments will lose all or some of his 
investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Subordinated Instruments will be guaranteed on a subordinated basis 
The Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee in relation to Subordinated Instruments will be unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Guarantor. In the event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor 
under Spanish Insolvency Law, the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee in respect of Subordinated 
Instruments will rank pari passu with all other present and future contractually subordinated obligations of 
the Guarantor, except for subordinated obligations pursuant to Articles 281.3 to 281.7 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law, subordinated obligations prescribed by law to, and subordinated obligations which are 
expressed to rank junior to, the Guarantee. 
Holders of any Subordinated Instruments are advised that if (and until) the claim of the Holders against the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee is payable and enforceable and Holders serve a demand of payment or 
enforce the guarantee claim, such claim may be classified as a contingent claim (crédito contingente) and 
the related rights of the Holders shall be suspended until the claim ceases to be a contingent claim and 
unsubordinated liabilities of the Guarantor may also arise out of events that are not reflected on the balance 
sheet of the Guarantor including, without limitation, the issuance of guarantees on an unsubordinated basis. 
Claims made under such guarantees will become unsubordinated liabilities of the Guarantor that in the 
insolvency of the Guarantor will need to be paid in full before the obligations under the Guarantee may be 
satisfied. 
Risks arising in connection with the Spanish insolvency law 
The Spanish Insolvency Law regulates pre-insolvency and court insolvency proceedings, as opposed to out-
of-court liquidation, which is only available when the debtor has sufficient assets to meet its liabilities. 
A debtor (and in the case of a company, its directors) is required to apply for insolvency proceedings when 
it is not able to meet its current obligations (insolvencia actual) within the term of two months as from the 
moment that it knows that it is insolvent or as from the moment it should have known it is insolvent. Due 
to COVID-19, by means of Royal Decree-Law 5/2021, of 12 March, on extraordinary measures to support 
business solvency in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, this duty to file for insolvency has been postponed 
until 31 December 2021 (i.e. the two-month term to file for insolvency of any debtor who is currently 
insolvent will not start until 1 January 2022).The debtor is also entitled to apply for such insolvency 
proceedings when it expects that it will shortly be unable to do so (insolvencia inminente). Insolvency 
proceedings are available as a type of legal protection that the debtor may request in order to avoid the 
attachment of its assets by its creditors. 
The court resolution declaring the insolvency proceedings (auto de declaración de concurso) contains an 
express request for the creditors to declare debts owed to them, within a one-month period as from the day 
after the publication of the insolvency proceeding in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del 
Estado), providing documentation to justify such credits. Based on the documentation provided by the 
creditors and that is held by the debtor, the court receivers draw up an inventory and a list of acknowledged 
creditors and classify them according to the categories established under law: (i) debts against the 
insolvency estate; (ii) debt benefiting from special privileges; (iii) debt benefiting from general privileges; 
(iv) ordinary debt; and (v) subordinated debt. 
As a general rule, insolvency proceedings are not compatible with other enforcement proceedings. When 
compatible, in order to protect the interests of the debtor and creditors, the law extends the jurisdiction of 
the court dealing with insolvency proceedings, which is, then, legally authorised to handle any enforcement 
proceedings or interim measures affecting the debtor's necessary assets essential for the business to operate. 
Holders of Subordinated Instruments should be aware (i) of the effects of a declaration of insolvency 
(declaración de concurso) of the Guarantor set out above; (ii) that their claims against the Guarantor would 
therefore be subordinated behind other classes of creditor set out above; and (iii) subordinated creditors 
may not vote on an arrangement and have very limited chances of collection, according to the ranking 
established by the Spanish Insolvency Law.

--- Page 26 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 16 - 
70-41013597 
 
Risk Relating to the Instruments 
There is no active trading market for the Instruments. 
Instruments issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and 
for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Instruments which is already 
issued). If the Instruments are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor. Although applications have been 
made for the Instruments issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such applications will be 
accepted, that any particular Tranche of Instruments will be so admitted or that an active trading market 
will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market 
for any particular Tranche of Instruments which may result in Instrumentholders being unable to sell 
Instruments on a timely basis, or without incurring a loss on their investment.  
Floating Rate Instruments. 
Investments in Instruments that bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin 
to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Instruments but there could be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g. every three months or six months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Instruments may 
be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of such Instruments upon the next periodic adjustment 
of the relevant reference rate. 
The Instruments may be redeemed prior to maturity. 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Instruments the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Instruments 
are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the 
Instruments at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as 
high as that of the relevant Instruments. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Instruments linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the 
future - including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021. 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be 
benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds became 
applicable from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The Benchmark 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Instruments linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for 
reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or

--- Page 27 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 17 - 
70-41013597 
 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks." 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the FCA announced that it will no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and on 5 
March 2021 confirmed that most LIBOR tenors would cease to be representative benchmarks from the end 
of 2021 (in the case of GBP LIBOR) or June 2023 (in the case of USD LIBOR). Such announcements 
indicate that LIBOR will not continue in its current form. In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of 
England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates has 
been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary 
sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021.  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement)) or result in adverse consequences to 
holders of any Instruments linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Instruments whose interest 
rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, 
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Instruments, the return on the relevant Instruments and the trading market for securities (including 
the Instruments) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
a published benchmark, such as LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published 
(or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the 
Instruments may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Instruments performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued 
to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Instruments based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Instruments. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Instruments linked to or referencing a 
benchmark.

--- Page 28 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 18 - 
70-41013597 
 
In respect of any Instruments issued as SDG Instruments, there can be no assurance that such use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Instruments may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of such Instruments specifically for 
projects and activities that promote climate-friendly, other environmental, sustainable and social purposes 
("Eligible Projects"). It should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "environmental" or 
"sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as "green", "environmental" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can 
any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of 
proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Instruments together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds 
for any Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
the relevant Eligible Projects). 
In the event that any such Instruments are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Eligible Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Instruments or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Instruments. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Instruments. 
Because Instruments in global form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor. 
Instruments issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Instruments. Such 
global Instruments will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Instrument, 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Instruments. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the global Instruments. While the Instruments are 
represented by one or more global Instruments, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Instruments are represented by one or more global Instruments the Issuer and the Guarantor will 
discharge their payment obligations under the Instruments by making payments to the common depositary 
or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a global Instrument must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Instruments. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the global Instruments. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the global Instruments will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Instruments. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled

--- Page 29 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 19 - 
70-41013597 
 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the global Instruments will not have a direct right under the global Instruments to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer or the Guarantor in the event of a default under the relevant 
Instruments but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions for each Tranche of Instruments contain provisions for calling meetings of 
holders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all holders including holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The Terms and Conditions for each Tranche of Instruments also 
provide that the parties to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement may, without the consent of holders, 
agree to (i) any modification of the Instruments, the Terms and Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the 
Deed of Covenant that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which is made to correct a manifest error; 
or (ii) any other modification which, in the opinion of such parties, is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Holders. 
Provided the Instruments remain subject to Law 10/2014 at all times, the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) (each a "Substitute Debtor") may also, without the consent of the Holders, 
assume the obligations of the Issuer (or any previous Substitute Debtor) under and in respect of any 
Instruments. Any such substitution will be subject to the conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions 
which include, among other things that no Event of Default, would be triggered by such substitution and 
that if the Substitute Debtor is not the Guarantor, a covenant is provided by the Guarantor in favour of the 
Holders of the relevant Instruments guaranteeing the obligations of the Substitute Debtor. 
Risks relating to Instruments denominated in Renminbi 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Instruments denominated in Renminbi 
("Renminbi Instruments") are set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Instruments. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China (the "PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Despite Renminbi internationalisation pilot programmes and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Instruments 
denominated in Renminbi.

--- Page 30 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 20 - 
70-41013597 
 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Instruments and the Issuer's or Guarantor's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to 
service Renminbi Instruments. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and 
is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business-participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC, 
although the PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market 
for the purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore 
liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for 
limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions 
resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating 
banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi 
from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Instruments. To the extent the Issuer or the Guarantor is required to source Renminbi in the 
offshore market to service its Renminbi Instruments, there is no assurance that the Issuer or the Guarantor 
will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Instruments is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. 
Recently, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against 
the US dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This 
change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. The Issuer and the Guarantor will make all payments of interest and principal 
with respect to the Renminbi Instruments in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of 
these Renminbi payments in US dollar terms may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates 
in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the US dollar or other foreign currencies, 
the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Instruments in US dollars or other applicable 
foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in the Renminbi Instruments is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the Renminbi Instruments as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined 
in the Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days' 
irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in US 
Dollars on the due date at the US Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or 
principal, as the case may be. Investors may therefore not receive payments in Renminbi in certain 
circumstances, and may incur costs or delays in exchanging any US Dollar for Renminbi.   
Investment in the Renminbi Instruments is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets

--- Page 31 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 21 - 
70-41013597 
 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As Renminbi Instruments may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Instruments will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi 
Instruments propose to sell their Renminbi Instruments before their maturity, they may receive an offer 
lower than the amount they have invested. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Instruments may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Instruments 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Instruments will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Instruments are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any alternative clearing 
system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi 
Instruments are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in 
accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor can be required to 
make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or 
by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Instruments may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax 
laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi 
Instruments by non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income 
tax ("EIT") or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources 
within the PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-
sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments but 
its implementation rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law 
levies IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual 
holder from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within 
the PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual 
holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Instruments. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay PRC 
income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments, unless there is an applicable tax 
treaty between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual holders of 
Renminbi Instruments reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment 
in Renminbi Instruments may be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 32 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 22 - 
70-41013597 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a brief summary only and should be read in conjunction with the rest of this document 
and, in relation to any Instruments, in conjunction with the relevant Final Terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out herein. 
Issuer 
Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
549300Y5MFC4SW5Z3K71 
Guarantor 
Telefónica, S.A. 
Guarantee 
The Guarantor has, in a Deed of Guarantee dated 15 April 2021 (the 
"Guarantee"), unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due and 
punctual payment of all amounts under the Instruments. 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas. 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup 
Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Credit 
Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A., Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental 
Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan 
Stanley Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V., Société Générale, UBS 
Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG, and any other dealer appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer and the Guarantor either generally in respect of 
the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche (as defined below) 
of Instruments. 
Issue and Paying Agent 
and Principal Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Listing Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch. 
Programme Amount 
€40,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Instruments 
outstanding at any one time (and, for this purpose, any Instruments 
denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date 
of the agreement to issue such Instruments using the spot rate of exchange 
for the purchase of such currency against payment of Euro being quoted 
by the Issue and Paying Agent at the time agreed between the Issuer and 
the Relevant Dealer in respect of the relevant Tranche was made or such 
other rate as the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer may agree). The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of Instruments which may be 
outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealership 
Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale".  
Issuance in Series 
Instruments will be issued in series (each, a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") 
issued on different issue dates. The Instruments of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that (i) the issue date and the amount of 
the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches and (ii) a Series may comprise Instruments in bearer form and 
Instruments in registered form and Instruments in more than one 
denomination. The Instruments of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Instruments in bearer form and Instruments in registered form and may 
comprise Instruments of different denominations.

--- Page 33 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 23 - 
70-41013597 
 
Form of Instruments 
Instruments may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. In respect 
of each Tranche of Instruments issued in bearer form, the Issuer will 
deliver a temporary global Instrument or (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of Instruments to which US Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") applies (as so specified in 
such Final Terms)) a permanent global Instrument. Each such global 
Instrument which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
"Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each such 
global Instrument which is intended to be issued in new global note form 
(a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each temporary global Instrument will be exchangeable for a permanent 
global Instrument or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Instruments in definitive bearer form and/or (in the case of a Series 
comprising both bearer and registered Instruments and if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) in registered form in accordance with its terms. 
Each permanent global Instrument will be exchangeable for Instruments 
in definitive bearer form and/or (in the case of a Series comprising both 
bearer and registered Instruments and if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) in registered form in accordance with its terms. Instruments in 
definitive bearer form will, if interest-bearing, have interest coupons 
("Coupons") attached and, if appropriate, a talon ("Talon") for further 
Coupons attached and will, if the principal thereof is repayable by 
instalments, have a grid for recording the payment of principal endorsed 
thereon or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have payment 
receipts ("Receipts") attached. Instruments in registered form may not be 
exchanged for Instruments in bearer form unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
If the Global Instruments are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be 
issued in NGN form, on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche, 
the Global Instruments will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper and 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be informed whether or not the Instruments are intended to 
be held in a manner to enable them to be considered as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem ("Eurosystem eligible collateral"). 
 
Depositing the Global Instruments intended to be held as Eurosystem 
eligible collateral with a Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean 
that the Instruments will be recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral 
either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. In the case of Instruments 
issued in NGN form which are not intended to be held as Eurosystem 
eligible collateral as of their issue date, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future so that such Instruments are capable of 
meeting the eligibility criteria, such Instruments may then be deposited 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other relevant 
clearing system, as Common Safekeeper. 
Currencies 
Instruments may be denominated in any currency or currencies subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements.

--- Page 34 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 24 - 
70-41013597 
 
Status of Instruments 
Instruments may be issued on a subordinated or unsubordinated basis, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Status of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, unsubordinated. 
Issue Price 
Instruments may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The issue price and the principal amount of the relevant Tranche 
of Instruments will be determined before filing of the relevant Final 
Terms of each Tranche on the basis of the then prevailing market 
conditions. 
Maturities 
Instruments may have any maturity of not less than one month, subject, 
in relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/ or central bank requirements. 
 
Where Instruments have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Instruments is carried out from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Instruments must: 
(i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued 
in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of FSMA by the Issuer. 
Redemption 
Instruments will be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption 
Early redemption will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, be permitted for 
taxation reasons as mentioned in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments — Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons", but will 
otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest 
Instruments may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing, as specified 
in the Final Terms. Interest may accrue at a fixed or floating rate and may 
vary during the lifetime of the relevant Series. 
Denominations 
Instruments will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or, if the Instruments are denominated in a currency other than 
Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the date of issue) in the 
case of Instruments to be admitted to trading on a regulated market as 
defined in Article 4, paragraph 1, point 14 of MiFID II, and in compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. In the event that Condition 1.05(c) is stated in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Clearing Systems will not permit 
trades other than in the denominations specified in the Final Terms or in 
integral multiples thereof. 
Taxation 
Payments in respect of Instruments will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties,

--- Page 35 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 25 - 
70-41013597 
 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will (subject to certain 
exceptions described below) pay such additional amounts as will result in 
the holders of Instruments (the "Holders") or Coupons receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Instruments or 
Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required. In addition 
to certain customary exceptions, no such additional amounts shall be 
payable to: (a) Holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain; and 
(b) on any payment of income under the Instruments if the Issuer or the 
Guarantor does not receive such information from the Issue and Paying 
Agent in a timely manner as may be required in order to comply with the 
applicable Spanish tax reporting obligations (see "Terms and Conditions 
of the Instruments — Taxation" and "Taxation and Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with Payments"). 
Negative Pledge 
The Instruments will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default 
The Instruments will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 7 (Events of Default). 
Information requirements 
under Spanish Tax Law 
Provided that the special tax regime contained under the First Additional 
Provision of 10/2014 applies to the Instruments in accordance with article 
44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, income obtained in respect of the 
Instruments will not be subject to withholding tax in Spain, provided that 
the Instruments are originally registered in a non-Spanish clearing and 
settlement entity recognised by Spanish legislation or by the legislation 
of another OECD country and that the Issue and Paying Agent provides 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, in a timely manner, with certain information 
relating to the Instruments. See "Taxation and Disclosure of Information 
in Connection with Payments".  
 
If the Issue and Paying Agent fails to provide the Issuer and the Guarantor 
with the required information described under " Taxation and Disclosure 
of Information in Connection with Payments — Taxation in the Kingdom 
of Spain — Information about the Instruments in Connection with 
Payments" in a timely manner, the Issuer will be required to withhold tax 
and pay income in respect of the relevant Instruments net of the Spanish 
withholding tax applicable to such payments (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, at the rate of 19 per cent.). 
 
If this were to occur, affected Holders will receive a refund of the amount 
withheld, with no need for action on their part, if the Issue and Paying 
Agent submits the required information to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
no later than the 10th calendar day of the month immediately following 
the relevant payment date. In addition, Holders may apply directly to the 
Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will pay additional amounts in 
respect of any such withholding tax. 
 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers, the 
Registrars or any clearing system (including Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) assume any responsibility therefor. 
Governing Law 
The terms and conditions of the Instruments, all related contractual 
documentation and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the terms and conditions of the Instruments and all 
related contractual documentation will be governed by English law. The 
status of the Instruments and of the Guarantee are governed by Spanish

--- Page 36 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 26 - 
70-41013597 
 
law. See "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments — Law and 
Jurisdiction". 
Listing and Trading 
Applications have been made for Instruments issued using this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted during a period of twelve months after the date 
hereof to listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin.  
Terms and Conditions 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" set out herein will be 
applicable to each Series of Instruments issued subject to Law 10/2014. 
Final terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Instruments 
(the "Final Terms"). The terms and conditions applicable to each 
Tranche will be those set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments" as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Enforcement of 
Instruments Global Form 
In the case of Instruments in global form, Holders' rights will be supported 
by a Deed of Covenant dated 15 April 2021, a copy of which will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Issue and Paying 
Agent. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Instruments, any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Instruments and on the distribution of offering material under the laws of 
the United States of America, the United Kingdom, Japan, the EEA 
(including the Kingdom of Spain and Belgium), Australia, Hong Kong, 
the People's Republic of China and Singapore, see "Subscription and 
Sale". Additional restrictions may apply to each Series, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Instruments may be rated or unrated and, if rated, such ratings 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Instruments and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Redenomination and 
Exchangeability 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may elect that, 
with effect from the Redenomination Date, the Instruments of that 
Tranche (if the currency of such Tranche is not the Euro) shall be 
redenominated in Euro (if Redenomination is specified) or become

--- Page 37 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 27 - 
70-41013597 
 
exchangeable for Instruments denominated in Euro (if Exchangeability is 
specified). 
Issuer Substitution 
The Conditions include provisions for the substitution of the Issuer, as 
described under Condition 18 (Substitution; Merger, Consolidation, etc. 
Only on Certain Terms).  
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Instruments will either 
be applied by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group to meet part of 
their general financing requirements or to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Projects, in which case the relevant Instruments 
will be identified as "SDG Instruments" in the title of the Instruments in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 38 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 28 - 
70-41013597 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1)  
English language translations of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 including the notes thereto, as set out on pages 3 to 140 of the 
document entitled "Telefónica, S.A. and its subsidiaries – Auditor's Report, Consolidated Annual 
Accounts, and Consolidated Management Report at 31 December 2020", and the auditor’s report 
attached 
thereto, 
which 
are 
available 
on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/141705152/Consolidated-Annual-Accounts-
2020.pdf/fc0a1436-9d93-5268-8dda-096dc663611e; 
 
(2) 
English language translations of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 including the notes thereto, as set out on pages 3 to 132 of the 
document entitled "Telefónica, S.A. and its subsidiaries – Auditor's Report, Consolidated Annual 
Accounts, and Consolidated Management Report at December 31, 2019", and the auditor's report 
attached 
thereto, 
which 
are 
available 
on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/141705152/Consolidated-Annual-Accounts-
2019.pdf/2532d380-3cfd-5d90-d0d8-a475f7a4251f; 
(3)  
English language translations of the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2020 including the notes thereto, as set out on pages 1 to 25 of the document entitled 
"Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. Independent auditor's report, Annual Accounts and Management 
Report for the year ended 31 December 2020", and the auditor's report attached thereto, which are 
available 
on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/145831833/20210329-Annual-
Accounts-Telefonica-Emisiones-2020.pdf/fd6b97af-216a-a358-02d9-f294bb2ba1fc;  
(4) 
English language translations of the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2019 including the notes thereto, as set out on pages 1 to 25 of the document entitled 
"Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. Independent auditor's report, Annual Accounts and Management 
Report for the year ended 31 December 2019", and the auditor's report attached thereto, which are 
available 
on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/144985159/annual-accounts-
telefonica-emisiones-sau-2019.pdf/880e7e4c-de0d-4982-24f7-a34559c18994; 
(5) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments on pages 17 to 46 of the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 
2005 relating to the Programme (the "2005 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/246889/2005_emtn-program.pdf; 
(6) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 19 to 47 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 5 July 2006 relating to the Programme (the "2006 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/246894/11jul06-emtn-program.pdf; 
(7) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 20 to 48 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 3 July 2009 relating to the Programme (the "2009 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/247367/090707_EMTN_July_2009_Base_Prosp
ectus.pdf; 
(8) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 22 to 50 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 23 June 2010 relating to the Programme (the "2010 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/247516/100630_EMTN_June_2010_Base_Prosp
ectus.pdf; 
(9) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 23 to 52 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 20 June 2011 relating to the Programme (the "2011 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/247801/201106020_EMTN_June_2011_Base_Pr
ospectus.pdf; 
(10) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 20 to 49 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 12 June 2012 relating to the Programme (the "2012 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/248092/20120612_Base_Prospectus_EMTN.pdf;

--- Page 39 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 29 - 
70-41013597 
 
(11) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 23 to 54 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 12 June 2013 relating to the Programme (the "2013 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/248266/20130612_Base_prospectus_EMTN_jun
io_2013.pdf; 
(12) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 24 to 57 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 10 June 2014 relating to the Programme (the "2014 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/248458/20140610_Prospectus_June_2014.pdf; 
(13) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 27 to 60 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 5 June 2015 relating to the Programme (the "2015 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/248647/20150612_EMTN_june_2015_Base_Pro
spectus.pdf; 
(14) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 25 to 58 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 13 September 2016 relating to the Programme (the "2016 Conditions"), which are available 
on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/114871467/20160913_Programa_EMTN_2016.p
df/6b36c29d-8e5f-4b4c-9cd9-3cec2e1719b7; 
(15) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 25 to 60 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 29 June 2017 relating to the Programme (the "2017 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/6307J_-2017-6-
29.pdf?_ga=2.64858348.2144833970.1552419309-265962326.1552419309; 
(16) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 27 to 64 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 19 June 2018 relating to the Programme (the "2018 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/9044R_1-2018-6-
19.pdf?_ga=2.57075177.2144833970.1552419309-265962326.1552419309; 
(17) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as set out on pages 32 to 70 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 12 April 2019 relating to the Programme (the "2019 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/144985159/20190412-Prospectus-EMTN-
2019.pdf/784d6be5-2fca-f712-7917-f43f3de52c77; and 
(18) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments on pages 36 to 74 of the Base Prospectus dated 14 
April 2020 relating to the Programme (the "2020 Conditions"), which are available on 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/145831833/20200414-Prospectus-EMTN-
2020.pdf/a45243b5-e4c1-c411-23f9-12b1e625e27d. 
Translations in English have been translated from the original Spanish, and such translations constitute 
direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any discrepancy, the Spanish 
language version of the relevant document prevails. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Instruments shall be outstanding, copies of the 
documents above may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered/head office of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, and in addition, such documents may be viewed on the following website: 
www.telefonica.com. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on such website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any information contained in the documents listed at (1) to (17) (inclusive) above which is not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any documents which are themselves incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus will not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
All documents incorporated by reference have been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 40 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 30 - 
70-41013597 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments which, as completed in relation to any 
Instruments by Part A of the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to each Series of Instruments, provided 
that the text contained herein in italics is included for information and shall not form part of the Terms and 
Conditions: 
The Instruments of each Tranche are constituted by a public deed of issuance (the "Public Deed of 
Issuance") to be executed before a Spanish notary public on or prior to the issue date, and which shall 
contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Instruments. The Instruments are issued 
pursuant to and in accordance with an amended and restated issue and paying agency agreement (as 
amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time, the "Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement") dated 15 April 2021 and made between Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. (the "Issuer"), 
Telefónica, S.A. (the "Guarantor"), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacities as 
Issue and Paying Agent (the "Issue and Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor to 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity as such) and as principal registrar (the 
"Principal Registrar", which expression shall include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch in its capacity as such), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in its 
capacity as alternative registrar (the "Alternative registrar", which expression shall include any successor 
to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in its capacity as such) and the paying 
agents named therein (the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include the Issue and Paying Agent 
and any substitute or additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement). The Instruments have the benefit of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 15 
April 2021 and executed by the Issuer in relation to the Instruments and a deed of guarantee (the 
"Guarantee") dated 15 April 2021, executed by the Guarantor in favour of the Holders (as defined below). 
Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, 
the Principal Registrar and the Alternative registrar. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of 
obligations under any Instruments shall be deemed to have notice of, and shall be bound by, all of the 
provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant insofar as they relate to 
the relevant Instruments. 
The Instruments are issued in series (each, a "Series"), and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") of Instruments. Each Tranche will be the subject of final terms (each, 
"Final Terms"), a copy of which will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent and/or, as the case may be, the Registrar (as defined in 
Condition 2.02). References in these Terms and Conditions to Instruments are to Instruments of the relevant 
Series and any references to Coupons (as defined in Condition 1.06) and Receipts (as defined in Condition 
1.07) are to Coupons and Receipts relating to Instruments of the relevant Series. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to the Final Terms are to the Final Terms prepared in relation to 
the Instruments of the relevant Tranche or Series. 
For so long as any of the Instruments is represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or Temporary Global 
Instrument (as defined below) held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) (the "Clearing Systems") each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the Holder of a particular nominal amount of such Instruments (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount 
of such Instruments standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Paying Agents as 
the Holder of such nominal amount of such Instruments for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Instruments, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Bearer Instrument in global form or the registered Holder of the relevant Registered 
Instrument in global form shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the Holder 
of such nominal amount of such Instruments in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent Global Instrument and the expression Holder and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In respect of any Instruments, references herein to these Terms and Conditions are to these terms and 
conditions as completed by the Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 31 - 
70-41013597 
 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
1.01 
Instruments are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Instruments") or in registered form ("Registered 
Instruments"), as specified in the Final Terms, and are serially numbered. Registered Instruments 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Instruments unless the Final Terms specify otherwise. 
Bearer Instruments 
1.02 
The Final Terms shall specify whether US Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the 
"TEFRA D Rules") or US Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") 
shall apply. Each Tranche of Bearer Instruments is represented upon issue by a temporary global 
Instrument (a "Temporary Global Instrument"), unless the Final Terms specifies otherwise or 
the TEFRA C Rules apply. 
Where the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Bearer Instruments specifies that the TEFRA C 
Rules apply, such Tranche is (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) represented upon issue 
by a permanent global Instrument (a "Permanent Global Instrument"). 
Interests in the Temporary Global Instrument may be exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a Permanent Global Instrument; or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, definitive instruments in bearer form ("Definitive 
Instruments") and/or (in the case of a Series comprising both Bearer Instruments and 
Registered Instruments and if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered Instruments. 
Exchanges of interests in a Temporary Global Instrument for Definitive Instruments or, as the case 
may be, a Permanent Global Instrument, will be made only on or after the Exchange Date (as 
specified in the Final Terms) and (unless the Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are 
applicable to the Instruments) provided certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as 
required by US Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global 
Instrument or in such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the relevant 
Clearing System for whose account the Temporary Global Instrument is held) has been received. 
An exchange for Registered Instruments will be made at any time or from such date as may be 
specified in the Final Terms, in each case, without any requirement for certification. 
1.03 
The bearer of any Temporary Global Instrument shall not (unless, upon due presentation of such 
Temporary Global Instrument for exchange (in whole but not in part only) for a Permanent Global 
Instrument or for delivery of Definitive Instruments and/or Registered Instruments, such exchange 
or delivery is improperly withheld or refused and such withholding or refusal is continuing at the 
relevant payment date) be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Instruments represented 
by such Temporary Global Instrument which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled 
to exercise any option on a date after the Exchange Date. 
1.04 
Unless the Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Instruments and are 
subject to Condition 1.03, if any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Instruments of 
a Tranche occurs whilst any of the Instruments of that Tranche are represented by a Temporary 
Global Instrument, the related interest payment will be made on the Temporary Global Instrument 
only to the extent that certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by US 
Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global Instrument or in 
such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the relevant Clearing System for 
whose account the Temporary Global Instrument is held) has been received by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such other relevant Clearing System. Payments of amounts due 
in respect of a Permanent Global Instrument or (subject to Condition 1.03) a Temporary Global 
Instrument (if the Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Instruments) 
will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant Clearing System 
without any requirement for certification. 
1.05 
Interests in a Permanent Global Instrument will be exchanged by the Issuer in whole but not in part 
only for Definitive Instruments and/or (in the case of a Series comprising both Bearer and 
Registered Instruments and if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered Instruments, (a) if an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 7.01) occurs in respect of any Instrument of the relevant

--- Page 42 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 32 - 
70-41013597 
 
Series; or (b) if any of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant Clearing 
System is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public 
holidays), announces an intention to cease business permanently or in fact does so or announces 
its intention to withdraw its acceptance of the Instruments for clearance and settlement through its 
system or in fact does so; or (c) if so specified in the Final Terms, at the option of the Holder of 
such Permanent Global Instrument upon such Holder's request, in all cases at the cost and expense 
of the Issuer1. In order to exercise the option contained in (c) of the preceding sentence, the Holder 
must, not less than 45 days before the date upon which the delivery of such Definitive Instruments 
and/or Registered Instruments is required, deposit the relevant Permanent Global Instrument with 
the Issue and Paying Agent at its specified office with the form of exchange notice endorsed 
thereon duly completed. If the Issuer does not make the required delivery of Definitive Instruments 
and/or Registered Instruments by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the day on which the relevant notice 
period expires or, as the case may be, the thirtieth day after the day on which such Permanent 
Global Instrument becomes due to be exchanged and, in the case of (a) above, such Instrument is 
not duly redeemed (or the funds required for such redemption are not available to the Issue and 
Paying Agent for the purposes of effecting such redemption and remain available for such purpose) 
by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the day at which such Instrument became 
immediately redeemable such Permanent Global Instrument will become void in accordance with 
its terms but without prejudice to the rights conferred by the Deed of Covenant. 
1.06 
Interest-bearing Definitive Instruments have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery 
coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest save 
in certain circumstances specified herein. Interest-bearing Definitive Instruments, if so specified 
in the Final Terms, have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery a talon ("Talon") for 
further coupons and the expression "Coupons" shall, where the context so requires, include Talons. 
1.07 
Instruments, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments ("Instalment 
Instruments") which are Definitive Instruments, have endorsed thereon a grid for recording the 
repayment of principal or, if so specified in the Final Terms, have attached thereto at the time of 
their initial delivery, payment receipts ("Receipts") in respect of the instalments of principal. 
Denomination 
Denomination of Bearer Instruments 
1.08 
Bearer Instruments are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is 
integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms (subject to a 
minimum denomination of €100,000 in the case of Instruments to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market as defined in Article 4, paragraph 1, point 21 of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended, (or, if the Instruments are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the date of issue)). Bearer Instruments of one denomination may not 
be exchanged for Bearer Instruments of any other denomination. 
In the event that Condition 1.05(c) is stated in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Clearing Systems will not permit trades other than in the denominations specified in the Final 
Terms or in integral multiples thereof. 
Denomination of Registered Instruments 
1.09 
Registered Instruments are in the minimum denomination specified in the Final Terms (subject to 
a minimum denomination of €100,000 in the case of Instruments to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market as defined in Article 4, paragraph 1, point 21 of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended, (or, if the Instruments are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the date of issue)) or integral multiples thereof. 
 
1 
The exchange upon notice option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Instruments 
includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including €199,000". Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of 
Instruments which is to be represented on issue by a Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for Definitive Instruments 
and/or Registered Instruments.

--- Page 43 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 33 - 
70-41013597 
 
Currency of Instruments 
1.10 
The Instruments are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the Final Terms. Any 
currency may be so specified, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
2. 
Title and Transfer 
2.01 
Title to Bearer Instruments, Receipts and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to the 
"Holders" of Bearer Instruments or of Receipts or Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer 
Instruments or such Receipts or Coupons and shall, in relation to Instruments represented by a 
Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent Global Instrument, be construed as provided above. 
2.02 
Title to Registered Instruments passes by registration in the register which shall be kept by the 
Registrar pursuant to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. For the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions, "Registrar" means, in relation to any Series comprising Registered Instruments, 
the Principal Registrar or, as the case may be, the Alternative Registrar, as specified in the Final 
Terms, provided always that where such Series is listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, "Registrar" shall mean the Registrar with 
its specified office in Luxembourg. References herein to the "Holders" of Registered Instruments 
are to the persons in whose names such Registered Instruments are so registered in the relevant 
register. 
2.03 
The Holder of any Bearer Instrument, Coupon or Registered Instrument will (except as otherwise 
required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be 
liable for so treating such Holder. 
Transfer of Registered Instruments and exchange of Bearer Instruments for Registered Instruments 
2.04 
A Registered Instrument may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part 
is, or is an integral multiple of, the minimum denomination specified in the Final Terms) upon the 
surrender of the Registered Instrument to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar. A new Registered 
Instrument will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered 
Instrument, a new Registered Instrument in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to 
the transferor. 
2.05 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Holder of Bearer Instruments may exchange the same for 
the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Instruments upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. In order to exchange a Bearer 
Instrument for a Registered Instrument, the Holder thereof shall surrender such Bearer Instrument 
at the specified office outside the United States of the Issue and Paying Agent or of the Registrar 
together with a written request for the exchange. Each Bearer Instrument so surrendered must be 
accompanied by all unmatured Receipts and Coupons appertaining thereto other than the Coupon 
in respect of the next payment of interest falling due after the exchange date (as defined in 
Condition 2.06) where the exchange date would, but for the provisions of Condition 2.06, occur 
between the Record Date (as defined in Condition 9B.03) for such payment of interest and the date 
on which such payment of interest falls due. 
2.06 
Each new Registered Instrument to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered Instrument or the 
exchange of a Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument will, within three Relevant Banking 
Days of the transfer date or, as the case may be, the exchange date, be available for collection by 
each relevant Holder at the specified office of the Registrar or, at the option of the Holder 
requesting such exchange or transfer be mailed (by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder(s) 
entitled thereto) to such address(es) as may be specified by such Holder. For these purposes, a form 
of transfer or request for exchange received by the Registrar or the Issue and Paying Agent after 
the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect of Registered Instruments shall be

--- Page 44 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 34 - 
70-41013597 
 
deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar or the Issue and Paying Agent until the day 
following the due date for such payment. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
(i) 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a 
Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument where such request for exchange is made 
to the Issue and Paying Agent, in the place where the specified office of the Issue and 
Paying Agent is located; 
(ii) 
the "exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Bearer Instrument shall have been surrendered for exchange in accordance with 
Condition 2.05; and 
(iii) 
the "transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Registered Instrument shall have been surrendered for transfer in accordance with 
Condition 2.04. 
2.07 
The issue of new Registered Instruments on transfer or on the exchange of Bearer Instruments for 
Registered Instruments will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Issue and 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant 
of such indemnity as the Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent or the Registrar may require in respect 
of) any tax, duty or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
2.08 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Registered Instrument to be registered or a Temporary 
Global Instrument or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Instrument to be exchanged for a 
Registered Instrument (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of 
that Instrument; (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Instruments may be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6.03 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) 
or (iii) after any such Instrument has been drawn for redemption in whole or in part. 
3. 
Status of the Instruments and the Guarantee 
3A 
Status — Unsubordinated Instruments 
This Condition 3A (Status — Unsubordinated Instruments) is applicable in relation to Instruments specified 
in the Final Terms as being unsubordinated or not specified as being subordinated ("Unsubordinated 
Instruments"). 
The Instruments constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (unless they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 
281 of the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (the 
"Spanish Insolvency Law")) in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer will at all times rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, except for such payment obligations that are 
preferred by law under Articles 242, 270 and 280 of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
Interest on the Instruments accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding 
(concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish law, accrual of 
interest on the Instruments shall be suspended from the date of any declaration of insolvency. 
3B 
Status — Subordinated Instruments 
Instruments may be issued on a subordinated basis ("Subordinated Instruments"), as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
The Subordinated Instruments constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present and future contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer, except for

--- Page 45 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 35 - 
70-41013597 
 
subordinated obligations pursuant to Articles 281.3 to 281.7 of the Spanish Insolvency Law and 
subordinated obligations prescribed by law to, and subordinated obligations which are expressed to, rank 
junior to the Subordinated Instruments. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims relating to 
the Subordinated Instruments will fall within the category of "subordinated debts" (créditos subordinados, 
as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law). The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Instruments, whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise, are subordinated to all other 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. After payment in full of unsubordinated debts, under article 281 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the Issuer will meet such subordinated debts in the following order and on 
a pro rata basis within each class: (i) claims lodged belatedly or inaccurately in the context of insolvency 
proceedings (concurso); (ii) contractually subordinated debt (such as the Subordinated Instruments); (iii) 
certain interest (such as interest due on the Instruments accrued and unpaid until the commencement of the 
insolvency proceedings (concurso)); (iv) fines; (v) claims of creditors which are specially related to the 
Issuer; (vi) debt arising from transactions set aside by Spanish courts in the context of insolvency 
proceedings (rescisión concursal) and in respect of which the court has determined that the relevant 
creditor has acted in bad faith and (vii) credits arising from agreements with reciprocal obligations, as 
referred to in articles 158, 163, 166 and 167 of the the Spanish Insolvency Law, whenever the court rules, 
prior to the court receiver´s (administrador concursal) report of insolvency, that the creditor has, on a 
repetitive basis, impeded the performance of the agreement to the detriment of the insolvency proceedings. 
3C 
Status — Unsubordinated Guarantee 
This Condition 3C (Status — Unsubordinated Guarantee) is applicable to all Instruments other than those 
which are specified in the Final Terms as being guaranteed on a subordinated basis. 
3C.01 Pursuant to the Guarantee, the Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due 
payment of all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Instruments. The obligations 
of the Guarantor under the Guarantee (which expression includes any covenant which may be 
given pursuant to Condition 18.01(a)(iii)) constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (subject 
as aforesaid) (unless they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 281 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law) in the event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor will at all times rank 
pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, 
present and future, except for such payment obligations that are preferred by law under Articles 
242, 270 and 280 of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
3C.02 The Guarantor undertakes not to evidence by means of a Spanish Public Document (as defined 
below) any Relevant Indebtedness of the Guarantor or any guarantee or surety given by the 
Guarantor in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness of any other Person unless, not later than one 
day prior thereto, the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are also notarised or 
intervened as aforesaid at the expense of the Guarantor except that the provisions of this Condition 
3C.02 shall not apply to such Relevant Indebtedness which is, pursuant to mandatory provisions 
of the laws of the Kingdom of Spain, required to be notarised or intervened as aforesaid. 
"Spanish Public Document" means a public deed granted before, or a document or instrument witnessed 
by, a Notary (escritura pública otorgada ante, o póliza o efecto intervenido por, Notario). 
From the entry into force of the Law 22/2003 on 1 September 2004, and in accordance with the Spanish 
insolvency procedures (concurso), creditors whose rights arise from a Spanish Public Document, including 
Holders, do not have a preference to enforce their rights and do not rank ahead of other creditors whose 
rights may be recognised by virtue of a document which is not a Spanish Public Document. 
3D 
Status — Subordinated Guarantee 
Subordinated Instruments will be guaranteed on a subordinated basis. 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee in relation to Subordinated Instruments 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Guarantor and in the event of insolvency 
(concurso) of the Guarantor will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other present and future contractually subordinated obligations of the Guarantor, except for subordinated

--- Page 46 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 36 - 
70-41013597 
 
obligations pursuant to Articles 281.3 to 281.7 of the Spanish Insolvency Law and subordinated obligations 
prescribed by law to, and subordinated obligations which are expressed to, rank junior to the Guarantee. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims relating 
to the Subordinated Guarantee will fall within the category of "subordinated debts" (créditos subordinados, 
as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law). After payment in full of unsubordinated debts, under article 281 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the Guarantor will meet such subordinated debts in the following order and 
pro rata within each class: (i) claims lodged belatedly or inaccurately in the context of insolvency 
proceedings; (ii) contractually subordinated debt (such as the claims under the Subordinated Guarantee); 
(iii) certain interest; (iv) fines; (v) claims of creditors which are specially related to the Guarantor; (vi) 
debt arising from transactions set aside by Spanish courts in the context of insolvency proceedings 
(rescisión concursal) and in respect of which the court has determined that the relevant creditor has acted 
in bad faith; and (vii) credits arising from agreements with reciprocal obligations, as referred to in articles 
158, 163, 166 and 167 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, whenever the court rules, prior to the court receiver´s 
(administrador concursal) report of insolvency, that the creditor has, on a repetitive basis, impeded the 
performance of the agreement to the detriment of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) applies to Unsubordinated Instruments only. 
So long as any of the Instruments of a Series remains outstanding (as defined in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement) each of the Issuer and the Guarantor undertakes that it will not create or have 
outstanding any Encumbrance (as defined below) upon the whole or any part of its assets, present or future, 
in order to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or by any other Person (as defined below) unless (a) such Instruments are equally and rateably 
secured therewith, or (b) such other security is provided as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) of Holders of Instruments of the relevant Series, in 
each case for as long as such Relevant Indebtedness shall be so secured; provided, however, that the 
foregoing restriction shall not apply to any Encumbrance securing Relevant Indebtedness issued or 
guaranteed by the Guarantor, the Issuer or any other Person if the Relevant Indebtedness so secured (i) was 
originally offered, distributed or sold primarily to residents of the Kingdom of Spain, (ii) by its terms 
matures within one year of its date of issue, or (iii) the Encumbrance affects the assets of an entity which, 
when the Encumbrance was created, was unrelated to the Issuer or the Guarantor, and which was 
subsequently acquired by the Issuer or the Guarantor; and provided, further, that nothing in this Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge) shall limit the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to grant or 
permit to subsist Encumbrances over any or all of their respective present or future assets to secure Relevant 
Indebtedness issued or guaranteed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Person, to the extent that the 
aggregate principal amounts so secured do not exceed 5 per cent. of the consolidated net tangible assets (as 
defined below) of the Guarantor, as reflected in the most recent statement of financial position (prepared in 
accordance with IFRS adopted by the European Union at the date of such computation and as applied by 
the Guarantor) prior to the time such Relevant Indebtedness was issued or guaranteed. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, trust, unincorporated organisation or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, pledge, lien or other charge, and "Relevant Indebtedness" means 
any obligation for the payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
a certificate of indebtedness or in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other 
securities which, in any of the above cases, is or are, or is or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or 
traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market. For the purposes of avoiding any doubt 
in respect of asset-backed financings originated by the Issuer or the Guarantor, the expression "obligation 
for the payment of borrowed money" as used in the definition of Relevant Indebtedness does not include 
obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor which, pursuant to the requirements of law and accounting 
principles generally accepted in the Kingdom of Spain need not, and are not, reflected in the balance sheet 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be. 
As used in this Condition 4 (Negative Pledge), "consolidated net tangible assets of the Guarantor" means 
the total amount of assets of the Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries (as defined below), including 
investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, (as defined below) after deduction of (i) goodwill in 
consolidation and (ii) intangible assets; and "Subsidiary" means any company in respect of which the 
Guarantor owns, directly or indirectly, more than half of the voting rights of the shares of such company,

--- Page 47 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 37 - 
70-41013597 
 
or when the Guarantor owns half or less of the voting power but controls such company, i.e. has the power 
to govern the financial and operating policies of such company so as to obtain benefits from its activities. 
5. 
Interest 
Interest 
5.01 
Instruments may be interest-bearing or non interest-bearing, as specified in the Final Terms. Words 
and expressions appearing in this Condition 5 (Interest) and not otherwise defined herein or in the 
Final Terms shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 5.10 (Definitions). 
Interest-bearing Instruments 
5.02 
Instruments which are specified in the Final Terms as being interest-bearing shall bear interest 
from their Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
Floating Rate Instruments 
5.03 
If the Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments as being a Floating Rate 
it shall also specify which page (the "Relevant Screen Page") on the Reuters Screen or any other 
information vending service shall be applicable. If such a page is so specified, the Interest Rate 
applicable to the relevant Instruments for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate (or, as the case may require, the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten thousandth of a percentage point, 
0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the Reference Rates) in the relevant currency for a 
period of the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate so appears for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period or if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate or rates 
in accordance with the process specified in the paragraphs below of this Condition 5.03 
(Floating Rate Instruments) as if such rate(s) were the Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, no such Reference Rate so appears (or, as the case 
may be, if fewer than two such Reference Rates so appear) or if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will request appropriate quotations of the Reference 
Rate and will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates (being the 
nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) at which deposits 
in the relevant currency are offered by four major banks in the London interbank market 
or, in the case of Instruments denominated or payable in Euro, the Euro zone interbank 
market (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms), selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the London interbank market in the case of LIBOR or in the Euro zone 
interbank market in the case of EURIBOR for a period of the duration of the relevant

--- Page 48 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 38 - 
70-41013597 
 
Interest Accrual Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time; 
(iv) 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, only two or three rates are so quoted, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates 
so quoted; or 
(v) 
if fewer than two rates are so quoted, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates quoted by four major banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre (or, in the case of Instruments denominated in Euro, in such financial 
centre or centres within the Euro zone as the Calculation Agent may select) selected by 
the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time (or 
local time at such other financial centre or centres as aforesaid)) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period for loans in the relevant currency to leading European 
banks for a period for the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, 
and the Interest Rate applicable to such Instruments during each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
sum of the Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) 
of the rates) so determined provided, however, that, if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate (or, as the case may be, an arithmetic mean of rates) in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Rate applicable to such 
Instruments during such Interest Accrual Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate (or, as 
the case may be, the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates) determined in relation to 
such Instruments in respect of the last preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
ISDA Determination 
5.04 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Instruments for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in 
relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a 
currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length

--- Page 49 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 39 - 
70-41013597 
 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate by 
requesting appropriate quotations for such rate to four major banks in the London 
interbank market, in accordance with the process specified in 5.03(iii) to (v). 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
5.05 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, then the Interest 
Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
Accrual of Interest 
5.06 
Interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Instrument during each Interest 
Accrual Period from the Interest Commencement Date. Interest will cease to accrue as from the 
due date for redemption therefor (or, in the case of an Instalment Instrument, in respect of each 
instalment of principal, on the due date for payment of the relevant Instalment Amount) unless 
upon due presentation or surrender thereof (if required), payment in full of the Redemption Amount 
(as defined in Condition 6.12) or the relevant Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused 
or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof in which case interest shall continue to accrue 
on the principal amount in respect of which payment has been improperly withheld or refused or 
default has been made (both before and after any demand or judgment) at the Interest Rate then 
applicable or such other rate as may be specified for this purpose in the Final Terms until the date 
on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Instrument (if required), the relevant 
payment is made or, if earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Instrument is 
not required as a precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which the Issue and 
Paying Agent having received the funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the 
Holders of the Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that the Issue and Paying 
Agent has received the required funds (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent 
payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
Interest Amount(s), Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
5.07 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, as soon as practicable 
after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date (or such other time on such date as 
the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation) will determine the Interest 
Rate and calculate the amount(s) of interest payable (the "Interest Amount(s)") in respect of each 
denomination of the Instruments (in the case of Bearer Instruments) and the minimum 
denomination (in the case of Registered Instruments) for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Issue and Paying Agent, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Instruments), the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and, if the Instruments are listed on a stock exchange and 
such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination or 
calculation but in no event later than the fourth Banking Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of 
notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the relevant stock exchange. The Interest 
Amounts (provided that any modifications are de minimis) and the Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of an Interest Accrual Period 
or the Interest Period. If the Instruments become due and payable under Condition 7 (Events of 
Default), the Interest Rate and the accrued interest payable in respect of the Instruments shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition. The 
determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment 
Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Holders and neither the Calculation Agent nor any Reference Bank shall have 
any liability to the Holders in respect of any determination, calculation, quote or rate made or 
provided by it.

--- Page 50 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 40 - 
70-41013597 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that there shall at all times be appointed a Calculation 
Agent, if provision is made for one in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is incapable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Interest Rate for any Interest Accrual Period or to calculate the Interest 
Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer will appoint the office of a leading bank engaged in 
the London interbank market to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
Calculations and Adjustments 
5.08 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Instrument for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Instruments are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Instruments will have a variable coupon amount 
applying the "Actual/365 (Fixed)" Day Count Fraction (as defined below). The amount of interest 
payable in respect of any Instrument for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not 
specified shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 5.10 (Interest — Definitions), 
rounding the resulting figure as described below and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of such Instrument divided by the Calculation Amount. The 
amount of interest payable in respect of a short or long initial or final Interest Period may be 
specified as a "Broken Amount" in the relevant Final Terms. Where any Interest Period comprises 
two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods. 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Terms and Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States Dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), 
(c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, (e) in the case of Renminbi denominated 
Fixed Rate Instruments, all amounts will be rounded to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005 and, the 
case of Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Instruments, to the nearest HK$0.01, 
HK$0.005, being rounded upwards and (e) all amounts denominated in Euro or any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in 
such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
Benchmark Replacement 
5.09 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5 (Interest), if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Interest Rate (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this 
Condition 5.09 (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser determining, no later than three Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5.09 (ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance 
with Condition 5.09 (iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5.09 (iv)). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser: 
A. 
agree that there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5.09 (iii)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant

--- Page 51 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 41 - 
70-41013597 
 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Instruments 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.09 (Benchmark 
Replacement)); or 
B. 
agree that there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.09 
(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Instruments (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5.09 (Benchmark Replacement)); or 
C. 
the Issuer and the Independent Adviser do not agree on the selection of a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the fallback provisions set out in Condition 
5.03 (Floating Rate Instruments) or Condition 5.04 (ISDA Determination) (as 
applicable) shall continue to apply. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5.09 (Benchmark Replacement) and the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser agree: (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.09 (Benchmark 
Replacement) (v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Instrumentholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.09 (iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Instruments are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.09 (Benchmark Replacement) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Issue and Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Instrumentholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any and will be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Issue and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Instrumentholders. 
(vi) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5.09(i) to (v), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.03 
(Floating Rate Instruments) or Condition 5.04 (ISDA Determination) will continue to 
apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments, in accordance with this Condition 5.09 (Benchmark Replacement). 
Definitions 
5.10 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 42 - 
70-41013597 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Instrumentholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the 
counter derivative transactions or is in customary market usage in the debt capital market 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the 
Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Instruments. 
"Applicable Business Day Convention" means the Business Day Convention which may be 
specified in the Final Terms as applicable to any date in respect of the Instruments unless the Final 
Terms specifies "No Adjustment" in relation to any date in which case such date shall not be 
adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention. Different Business Day Conventions 
may apply, or be specified in relation to, the Interest Payment Dates, Interest Period End Dates and 
any other date or dates in respect of any Instruments. 
"Banking Day" means, in respect of any city, any day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in that city. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page or as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that means the Original Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Instruments; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (A) the Original Reference Rate is no

--- Page 53 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 43 - 
70-41013597 
 
longer representative of an underlying market or (B) the methodology to calculate the 
Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Instrumentholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv), the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur 
until the Specified Future Date. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to Instruments denominated or payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to Instruments denominated or payable in Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle Renminbi payments in Hong 
Kong; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Instruments payable in any other currency, a day on which commercial banks 
are open for business and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Relevant 
Financial Centre in respect of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre. 
"Business Day Convention" means a convention for adjusting any relevant date if it would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day and the following terms, where specified in the 
Final Terms and used in conjunction with the term "Business Day Convention" in relation to any 
date applicable to any Instruments, shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that such date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that such date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that such date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; and 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each such date shall be the 
date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the Final Terms as the Specified Period after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred, provided that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred.

--- Page 54 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 44 - 
70-41013597 
 
"Calculation Agent" means such agent as may be specified in the Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
("Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms and: 
(i) 
If "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified hereon and the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Regular Period (as defined below) during which it falls, the relevant Day 
Count Fraction will be the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (A) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (B) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
If "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified hereon and the Calculation Period is longer than 
one Regular Period, interest will be calculated on the basis of the sum of: 
(a) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
If "Actual/Actual – ISDA" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
If "Actual/360" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 55 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 45 - 
70-41013597 
 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
For the purposes of this definition of Day Count Fraction "Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Instruments where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement

--- Page 56 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 46 - 
70-41013597 
 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from one Interest Period other than the 
first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (for example, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over 
the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor). 
"Euro zone" means the zone comprising the Member States of the European Union that participate 
or are participating in the European Monetary Union and that adopt or have adopted the Euro as 
their lawful currency. 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer (at its own 
expense) under Condition 5.09 (Benchmark Replacement). 
"Interest Accrual Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, each successive period 
beginning on and including an Interest Period End Date and ending on but excluding the next 
succeeding Interest Period End Date during that Interest Period provided always that the first 
Interest Accrual Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and the 
final Interest Accrual Period shall end on but exclude the date of final maturity. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Instruments (as specified in the 
Final Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the date falling 
such number (if any) of Banking Days in such city(ies) as may be specified in the Final Terms 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period, or if none is specified: 
(i) 
in the case of Instruments denominated in Euro, on the second Business Day prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instruments denominated in Pounds Sterling, the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period; or 
(iii) 
in any other case, the date falling two London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified 
as such in the Final Terms and, if an Applicable Business Day Convention is specified in the Final

--- Page 57 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 47 - 
70-41013597 
 
Terms, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the Applicable Business Day Convention 
or if the Applicable Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention and an interval of a number 
of calendar months is specified in the Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates 
as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the date of issue of the Instruments (in the case of the First Interest Payment Date) or the 
previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Interest Period" means each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date provided always 
that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and 
the final Interest Period shall end on but exclude the date of final maturity. 
"Interest Period End Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the Final Terms and, if 
an Applicable Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms, as the same may be 
adjusted in accordance with the Applicable Business Day Convention or, if the Applicable 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months 
is specified in the Final Terms as the Interest Accrual Period, such dates as may occur in accordance 
with the FRN Convention at such specified period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Period End Date) or the previous Interest 
Period End Date (in any other case) or, if none of the foregoing is specified in the Final Terms, 
means the date or each of the dates which correspond with the Interest Payment Date(s) in respect 
of the Instruments. 
"Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) or amount or 
amounts (expressed as a price per unit of relevant currency) of interest payable in respect of the 
Instruments specified in the Final Terms. 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Instruments of the relevant Series (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Instruments of the relevant Series (as specified in the Final Terms) 
and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, as supplemented by the ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"Law 10/2014" means Law 10/2014 of 26 June, on the regulation, supervision and solvency of 
credit institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de 
entidades de crédito). 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (for example, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic LIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor). 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Interest Rate (or any component part thereof) on the Instruments. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, in respect of an Instrument, its principal amount less, 
in respect of any Instalment Instrument, any principal amount on which interest shall have ceased 
to accrue in accordance with Condition 5.06 (Accrual of Interest) or otherwise as indicated in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 48 - 
70-41013597 
 
"Reference Banks" means such banks as may be specified in the Final Terms as the Reference 
Banks or, if none is specified, "Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the ISDA Definitions, 
mutatis mutandis. 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR or LIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means such financial centre or centres as may be specified in relation 
to the relevant currency for the purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Time" means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate. 
"Reuters Screen" means, when used in connection with a designated page and any designated 
information, the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or such 
other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying such information). 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
Redemption at Maturity 
6.01 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, or unless such Instrument is stated in the 
Final Terms as having no fixed maturity date, each Instrument shall be redeemed at its final 
redemption amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") (which shall be its Outstanding Principal 
Amount) (or, in the case of Instalment Instruments, in such number of instalments and in such 
amounts ("Instalment Amounts") as may be specified in the Final Terms) on the date or dates (or, 
in the case of Instruments which bear interest at a floating rate of interest, on the date or dates upon 
which interest is payable) specified in the Final Terms. 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
6.02 
If, in relation to any Series of Instruments, (i) as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or 
rulings of the Kingdom of Spain or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws, 
regulations or rulings which becomes effective on or after the date of issue of such Instruments or 
any other date specified in the Final Terms, (1) the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (if

--- Page 59 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 49 - 
70-41013597 
 
a demand were made under the Guarantee) would be required to pay additional amounts as 
provided in Condition 8 (Taxation) or (2) the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor is or 
would be required to deduct or withhold tax on any payment to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to 
make any payment (whether in respect of principal, premium, interest or otherwise); (ii) in each 
case, the payment of such additional amount in the case of (1) above or such deduction or 
withholding in the case of (2) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Guarantor or such 
Subsidiary taking reasonable measures available to it and (iii) such circumstances are evidenced 
by the delivery by the Issuer or the Guarantor to the Issue and Paying Agent of a certificate signed 
by one director of the Issuer or two directors of the Guarantor stating that the said circumstances 
prevail and describing the facts leading thereto and an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that such circumstances prevail, the Issuer may, at its option and 
having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of Instruments 
which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders of the 
Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem 
all (but not some only) of the outstanding Instruments comprising the relevant Series at their early 
tax redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount (Tax)") (which shall be their 
Outstanding Principal Amount or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the Final 
Terms), together with accrued interest thereon provided, however, that no such notice of 
redemption may be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the case of Instruments which bear interest at 
a floating rate a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within 
the then current interest period applicable to the Instruments plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Instruments then due. 
If, pursuant to Condition 18.02(ii)(a), a Person into which the Issuer or the Guarantor is merged or 
to whom the Issuer or the Guarantor has conveyed, transferred or leased its properties or assets has 
been or would be required to pay any additional amounts as therein provided, each Series of 
Instruments may be redeemed at the option of such Person in whole, but not in part, in accordance 
with the first paragraph of this Condition 6.02 (Early Redemption for Tax Reasons), which 
paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Instrument 
under Condition 6.06 (Optional Early Redemption (Put)). 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
6.03 
If this Condition 6.03 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) is specified in the Final Terms as being 
applicable, then the Issuer may, having given the appropriate notice and subject to such conditions 
as may be specified in the Final Terms, redeem all (but not, unless and to the extent that the Final 
Terms specifies otherwise, some only) of the Instruments of the relevant Series at their call early 
redemption amount (the "Optional Redemption Amount (Call)") (which shall be their 
Outstanding Principal Amount or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the Final 
Terms), together with accrued interest thereon on the date specified in such notice. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Instrument 
under Condition 6.06 (Optional Early Redemption (Put)). 
6.04 
The appropriate notice referred to in Condition 6.03 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) is a notice 
given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Instruments of the relevant Series in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
• 
the Series of Instruments subject to redemption; 
• 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of and (except in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument 
or Permanent Global Instrument) the serial numbers of the Instruments of the relevant 
Series which are to be redeemed;

--- Page 60 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 50 - 
70-41013597 
 
• 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 10 days nor more than 60 
days after the date on which such notice is given and which shall be such date or the next 
of such dates ("Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call)") or a day falling within such period 
("Call Option Period"), as may be specified in the Final Terms and which is, in the case 
of Instruments which bear interest at a floating rate, a date upon which interest is payable; 
and 
• 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) at which such Instruments are to be redeemed. 
• 
If "Make-Whole Amount" is specified as the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the higher of: 
(i) 
100 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Instruments to be 
redeemed; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the present values of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Instruments to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Instruments 
(exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional Redemption Date (Call)) discounted 
to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) on an annual basis (based on the 
actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (in the case of a leap year, 366)) at 
a rate equal to the sum of: (x) the Reference Bond Rate and (y) the specified 
Redemption Margin, 
provided however that, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the 
earliest date on which the Residual Maturity Call Option may be exercised in accordance 
with Condition 6.08 (Residual Maturity Call Option) (if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), the Make-Whole Amount will be the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Instruments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will pay any interest accrued on the Instruments to, 
but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call). 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6.04 by 
the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and all Holders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
"FA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the Financial 
Adviser as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Instruments that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Instruments and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Instruments; 
"Financial Adviser" means an independent and internationally recognised financial 
adviser selected by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such bond is 
set out or if such bond is no longer outstanding, shall be the FA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), (a) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations 
for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than 
four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all 
such quotations;

--- Page 61 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 51 - 
70-41013597 
 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), the rate per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference 
Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, 
or their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered 
prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Instrument, the aggregate amount 
of scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Instrument for the remaining term of such 
Instrument determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Instrument 
from and including the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call). 
Partial Redemption 
6.05 
If the Instruments of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Conditions 6.03 and 6.04 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)): 
• 
in the case of Bearer Instruments (other than a Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent 
Global Instrument), the Instruments to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot in such European 
city as the Issue and Paying Agent may specify, or identified in such other manner or in 
such other place as the Issue and Paying Agent may approve and deem appropriate and 
fair; 
• 
in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument or a Permanent Global Instrument, the 
Instruments to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/ or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amounts, at 
their discretion) and/or any other relevant clearing system; and 
• 
in the case of Registered Instruments, the Instruments shall be redeemed (so far as may be 
practicable) pro rata to their principal amounts, provided always that the amount 
redeemed in respect of each Instrument shall be equal to the minimum denomination 
thereof or an integral multiple thereof, 
subject always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) on which the relevant Instruments may 
have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument 
in respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.04 to 2.07 
(Transfer of Registered Instruments and Exchange of Bearer Instruments for Registered 
Instruments) which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Instruments as if such new 
Registered Instrument were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
6.06 
If this Condition 6.06 (Redemption and Purchase — Optional Early Redemption (Put)) is specified 
in the Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option 
by the Holder of any Instrument of the relevant Series, redeem such Instrument on the date

--- Page 62 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 52 - 
70-41013597 
 
specified in the relevant Put Notice (as defined below) at its put early redemption amount (the 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)") (which shall be its Outstanding Principal Amount or such 
other redemption amount as may be specified in the Final Terms), together with accrued interest 
thereon. In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 45 days before the date on 
which such redemption is required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (which date shall be 
such date or the next of the dates ("Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put)") or a day falling within 
such period ("Put Period") as may be specified in the Final Terms), deposit the relevant Instrument 
(together, in the case of an interest-bearing Definitive Instrument, with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto other than any Coupon maturing on or before the date of redemption (failing 
which the provisions of Condition 9A.06 apply)) during normal business hours at the specified 
office of, in the case of a Bearer Instrument, any Paying Agent or, in the case of a Registered 
Instrument, the Registrar together with a duly completed early redemption notice ("Put Notice") 
in the form which is available from the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar specifying, in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent 
Global Instrument or Registered Instrument, the aggregate principal amount in respect of which 
such option is exercised (which must be the minimum denomination specified in the Final Terms 
or an integral multiple thereof). No Instrument so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement). 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument 
in respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.04 to 2.07 
(Transfer of Registered Instruments and Exchange of Bearer Instruments for Registered 
Instruments) which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Instruments as if such new 
Registered Instrument were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
The Holder of an Instrument may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Instrument under either 
Condition 6.02 (Early Redemption for Tax Reasons) or 6.03 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)). 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event 
6.07 
If this Condition 6.07 (Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event) is specified 
in the Final Terms as being applicable, then if a Substantial Purchase Event has occurred, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), which notice shall be 
irrevocable, redeem the Instruments of the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, in 
accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their Outstanding Principal 
Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption. 
A "Substantial Purchase Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent., 
or such other threshold as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Substantial 
Purchase Event Threshold"), of the aggregate principal amount of the Instruments of the 
relevant Series originally issued (which for these purposes shall include any Further 
Instruments issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further Issues)) is purchased by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any subsidiary of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 6.10 (Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Instruments)), 
other than by way of a redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
6.03 (Optional Early Redemption (Call)), if the "Make-Whole Amount" is specified as the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) in the applicable Final Terms. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
6.08 
If this Condition 6.08 (Residual Maturity Call Option) is specified in the Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to 
the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (the "Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date")), 
redeem all (but not only some) of the Instruments of the relevant Series at their Outstanding 
Principal Amount, together any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of

--- Page 63 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 53 - 
70-41013597 
 
Instruments having a maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity 
Date in respect of Instruments having a maturity of more than ten years. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the Instruments. All 
Instruments in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 6.08 (Residual Maturity Call Option). 
Purchase of Instruments 
6.09 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's other Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 18 
(Substitution; Merger, Consolidation, etc. Only on Certain Terms)) may at any time purchase 
Instruments in the open market or otherwise and at any price provided that all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith. 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Instruments 
6.10 
All unmatured Instruments redeemed in accordance with this Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) will be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. Unmatured Instruments, 
Receipts and Coupons purchased in accordance with this Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
may, at the option of the Issuer, be cancelled, reissued or, as the case may be, resold. 
Further Provisions applicable to Redemption Amount and Instalment Amounts 
6.11 
The provisions of Condition 5.07 (Interest — Interest Amount(s), Calculation Agent and Reference 
Banks) and the last paragraph of Condition 5.08 (Interest — Calculations and Adjustments) shall 
apply to any determination or calculation of the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount 
required by the Final Terms to be made by the Calculation Agent (as defined in Condition 5.10 
(Interest — Definitions)). 
6.12 
References herein to "Redemption Amount" shall mean, as appropriate, the Final Redemption 
Amount, the final Instalment Amount, Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call), Optional Redemption Amount (Put) and Early Termination Amount. 
7. 
Events of Default 
7.01 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay, and the Guarantor fails to honour the Guarantee with respect to 
payments of, any principal, premium (if any) or interest due in respect of the Instruments 
of the relevant Series or any of them and such default continues for a period of 21 days; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform any other obligation arising from the Instruments of that Series 
or the Guarantor fails to perform any other obligation arising under the Guarantee of such 
Instruments and such failure continues for more than 60 days (90 days if the failure to 
perform relates to an obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor arising under Condition 18 
(Substitution; Merger, Consolidation, etc. Only on Certain Terms)) following the service 
by any Holder on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a written notice specifying such failure 
and requiring it to be remedied, and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" 
hereunder; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to fulfil (taking into account any applicable grace periods) 
any payment obligation in excess of €100,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency 
under any Relevant Indebtedness or under any guarantee or suretyship provided for under 
any Relevant Indebtedness of others, and this failure remains uncured for 30 days; or 
(iv) 
the holders of any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor accelerate any 
payment obligation in excess of €100,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency as a 
result of the Issuer or the Guarantor entering into a transaction described under Condition 
18 (Substitution; Merger, Consolidation, etc. Only on Certain Terms)), which transaction 
constitutes an event of default in respect of such other Relevant Indebtedness; or

--- Page 64 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 54 - 
70-41013597 
 
(v) 
(1) the Issuer or the Guarantor announces its inability to meet its financial obligations; or 
(2) a court commences insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or Guarantor; or (3) the 
Issuer or Guarantor goes into liquidation, unless it is done in connection with a merger or 
other form of business combination with another company and that company assumes all 
the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection with the 
Instruments; or (4) the Issuer or Guarantor makes a filing seeking relief under any 
applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws; or 
(vi) 
the Guarantee ceases to be valid or legally binding for any reason, 
then any Holder of an Instrument of the relevant Series in respect of such Instrument may, by 
written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, declare that such Instruments or Instrument (as the 
case may be) and (if the Instruments or Instrument are or is interest-bearing) all interest then 
accrued but unpaid on such Instruments or Instrument (as the case may be) shall be forthwith due 
and payable, whereupon the same shall (to the extent permitted by applicable Spanish law) become 
immediately due and payable at its early termination amount (the "Early Termination Amount") 
(which shall be its Outstanding Principal Amount or such other redemption amount as may be 
specified in the Final Terms), together with all interest accrued thereon without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything 
contained in such Instruments to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all Events of 
Default in respect of the Instruments of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
Law 22/2003 provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is 
not reported to the insolvency administrators within one month from the last official publication 
of the court order declaring the insolvency (if the insolvency proceeding is declared as abridged, 
the term to report may be reduced to fifteen days), (ii) provisions in a contract granting one party 
the right to terminate on the other's insolvency may not be enforceable, (iii) interest accrued and 
unpaid until the commencement of the insolvency proceedings (concurso) (other than any interest 
accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the 
security) shall become subordinated, and (iv) accrual of interest (other than any interest accruing 
under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security) 
shall be suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.01 
All amounts payable by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, (whether 
in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Instruments will be made free and 
clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
receivable by the Holder after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would have been receivable by such Holder in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of 
any Instrument or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Instrument or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other than (a) the mere holding of such 
Instrument or Coupon or (b) the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of 
such Instrument or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who fails to make any necessary claim or to 
comply with any certification, identification or other requirements concerning the 
nationality, residence, identity or connection with the taxing jurisdiction of such Holder, 
if such claim or compliance is required by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative 
practice of the taxing jurisdiction of the Issuer as a condition to relief or exemption from 
such taxes; or

--- Page 65 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 55 - 
70-41013597 
 
(iii) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar taxes; or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder if the Issuer or the Guarantor does not receive 
in a timely manner certain information about the Instruments of such Holder as it is 
required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a duly executed and 
completed certificate from the Issue and Paying Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July 
and any implementing legislation or regulation; or 
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting such relevant Instrument or Coupon to 
another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(vi) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that 
the relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the 
same for payment on or before the expiry of such period of thirty days; or 
(vii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of an individual resident for tax purposes in the Kingdom 
of Spain if the Spanish tax authorities determine that payments made to such individuals 
are not exempt from Spanish withholding tax and require a withholding to be made; or 
(viii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is a fiduciary, a partnership, a limited 
liability company or anything other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment, to the 
extent to which that payment would be required by the laws of Spain to be included in the 
income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a member 
of that partnership, an interest holder in that limited liability company or a beneficial 
owner who would not have been entitled to any additional amounts had it been the Holder; 
or 
(ix) 
any withholding or deduction that is imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder 
("FATCA"), any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and any other 
jurisdiction implementing or relating to FATCA, any law, regulation, guidance or 
interpretations enacted or issued in any jurisdiction with respect thereto, or any agreements 
entered into in connection with the implementation thereof. 
8.02 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means, in respect of any 
payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been received by the Issue and Paying Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the first date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received and 
being available for payment to Holders, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the 
Holders of the Instruments of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8.03 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject generally at any time (as a result of change in 
domicile for taxation purposes only) to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain 
references in Condition 6.02 (Redemption and Purchase — Early Redemption for Tax Reasons) 
and Condition 8.01 to the Kingdom of Spain shall be read and construed as references to the 
Kingdom of Spain and/or to such other jurisdiction(s). 
8.04 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" and/or "interest" in respect of the 
Instruments shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under 
this Condition 8 (Taxation). Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to "principal" shall include any premium payable in respect of an Instrument, any 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount and any other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and "interest" shall include all amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest) and any other amounts in the nature of interest payable pursuant 
to these Terms and Conditions. 
See "Taxation and Disclosure of Information in Connection with Payments — Taxation in the Kingdom of 
Spain — Information about the Instruments in Connection with Payments" for a fuller description of certain

--- Page 66 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 56 - 
70-41013597 
 
tax considerations relating to the Instruments and the formalities that must be followed so that Holders may 
receive the payments under the Instruments free from Spanish withholding tax. 
9. 
Payments 
9A 
Payments — Bearer Instruments 
9A.01 This Condition 9A (Payments — Bearer Instruments) is applicable in relation to Instruments in 
bearer form. 
9A.02 Payment of amounts (other than interest) due in respect of Bearer Instruments will be made against 
presentation and (save in the case of partial payment or payment of an Instalment Amount (other 
than the final Instalment Amount)) surrender of the relevant Bearer Instruments at the specified 
office of any of the Paying Agents. 
Payment of Instalment Amounts (other than the final Instalment Amount) in respect of an 
Instalment Instrument which is a Definitive Instrument with Receipts will be made against 
presentation of the Instrument together with the relevant Receipt and surrender of such Receipt. 
The Receipts are not and shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of title and if 
separated from the Instrument to which they relate will not represent any obligation of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the presentation of an Instrument without the relative Receipt or the presentation of 
a Receipt without the Instrument to which it appertains shall not entitle the Holder to any payment 
in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount. 
9A.03 Payment of amounts in respect of interest on Bearer Instruments will be made: 
(i) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent Global Instrument, against 
presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent Global Instrument 
at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.04 
applies) the United States and, in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument, upon due 
certification as required therein; 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Instruments without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their 
initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Instruments at the specified 
office of any of the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.04 applies) the United 
States; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Instruments delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the time 
of their initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons or, in the case of interest 
due otherwise than on a scheduled date for the payment of interest, against presentation of 
the relevant Definitive Instruments, in either case at the specified office of any of the 
Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.04 applies) the United States. 
9A.04 Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on the Bearer Instruments and exchanges of Talons 
for Coupon sheets in accordance with Condition 9A.07 will not be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in the United States (as defined in the United States Internal Revenue Code and 
Regulations thereunder) unless (a) payment in full of amounts due in respect of interest on such 
Instruments when due or, as the case may be, the exchange of Talons at all the specified offices of 
the Paying Agents outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls 
or other similar restrictions and (b) such payment or exchange is permitted by applicable United 
States law. If paragraphs (a) and (b) of the previous sentence apply, the Issuer shall forthwith 
appoint a further Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
9A.05 If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Bearer Instrument is not a Relevant 
Financial Centre Day and a local banking day (both as defined in Condition 9D.03), then the Holder 
thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day which is such a day, and from 
such day and thereafter will be entitled to receive payment, except in the case of Instruments where 
the Specified Currency is Renminbi, by cheque on any local banking day or, in the case of all 
currencies, will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account on any day which is a 
local banking day, a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant

--- Page 67 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 57 - 
70-41013597 
 
designated account is located, and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be 
due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in 
Condition 5.06 (Interest — Accrual of Interest) or, if appropriate, Condition 5.10 (Interest — 
Definitions). 
9A.06 Each Definitive Instrument initially delivered with Coupons, Talons or Receipts attached thereto 
should be presented and, save in the case of partial payment of the Redemption Amount, 
surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
relating thereto, failing which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specifies that this paragraph (i) of Condition 9A.06 is applicable (and, 
in the absence of specification, this paragraph (i) shall apply to Definitive Instruments 
which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates or in fixed amounts) and subject as hereinafter 
provided, the amount of any missing unmatured Coupons (or, in the case of a payment not 
being made in full, that portion of the amount of such missing Coupon which the 
Redemption Amount paid bears to the total Redemption Amount due) (excluding, for this 
purpose, but without prejudice to paragraph (iii) below, Talons) will be deducted from the 
amount otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being 
payable against surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of the 
Paying Agents at any time within ten years of the Relevant Date applicable to payment of 
such Redemption Amount; 
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specifies that this paragraph (ii) of Condition 9A.06 is applicable (and, 
in the absence of specification, this paragraph (ii) shall apply to Instruments which bear 
interest at a floating rate or rates or in variable amounts) all unmatured Coupons 
(excluding, for this purpose, but without prejudice to paragraph (iii) below, Talons) 
relating to such Definitive Instruments (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them; 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, all 
unmatured Talons (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no 
exchange for Coupons shall be made thereafter in respect of them; and 
(iv) 
in the case of Definitive Instruments initially delivered with Receipts attached thereto, all 
Receipts relating to such Instruments in respect of a payment of an Instalment Amount 
which (but for such redemption) would have fallen due on a date after such due date for 
redemption (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made thereafter in respect of them. 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 9A.06 notwithstanding, if any Definitive 
Instruments should be issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the 
presentation for payment of any such Definitive Instrument without any unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted 
would be greater than the Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date 
for redemption of any such Definitive Instrument, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not 
attached) shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required 
so that, upon application of the provisions of paragraph (i) in respect of such Coupons as have not 
so become void, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted would not be greater than the 
Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing sentence 
requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Definitive Instrument to become 
void, the relevant Paying Agent shall determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, 
and shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons 
maturing on earlier dates. 
9A.07 In relation to Definitive Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after the 
due date for the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside (unless Condition 9A.04 applies) the United States in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet (including any appropriate further Talon), subject to the provisions of 
Condition 10 (Prescription) below. Each Talon shall, for the purpose of these Terms and

--- Page 68 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 58 - 
70-41013597 
 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
9B 
Payments — Registered Instruments 
9B.01 This Condition 9B (Payments — Registered Instruments) is applicable in relation to Instruments 
in registered form. 
9B.02 Payment of the Redemption Amount (together with accrued interest) due in respect of Registered 
Instruments will be made by the relevant Paying Agent against presentation and, save in the case 
of partial payment of the Redemption Amount, surrender of the relevant Registered Instruments at 
the specified office of the relevant Registrar. If the due date for payment of the Redemption 
Amount of any Registered Instrument is not a Relevant Financial Centre Day (as defined in 
Condition 9D.03), then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day 
which is such a day, and from such day and thereafter will be entitled to receive payment by cheque 
on any local banking day, and will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account on 
any day which is a local banking day, a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the 
place where the relevant designated account is located and no further payment on account of 
interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent 
failure to pay in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue as provided in Condition 5.06 (Interest — Accrual of Interest) or, as appropriate, 
Condition 5.10 (Interest — Definitions). 
9B.03 Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than the Redemption 
Amount) in respect of Registered Instruments will be paid to the Holder thereof (or, in the case of 
joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept by the Registrar as at close of 
business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date 
for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on 
which each clearing system for which the Registered Instrument is being held is open for business. 
9B.04 Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 9D.02, payment of amounts (whether principal, 
interest or otherwise) due (other than the Redemption Amount) in respect of Registered 
Instruments will be made in the currency in which such amount is due, except in the case of 
Instruments where the Specified Currency is Renminbi, by cheque (in the case of payment in 
sterling, drawn on a town clearing branch of a bank in the city of London) and posted to the address 
(as recorded in the register held by the Registrar) of the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint 
Holders, the first-named) on the Relevant Banking Day (as defined in Condition 2.06) not later 
than the relevant due date for payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof 
(or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) has applied to the relevant Registrar and the 
relevant Registrar has acknowledged such application for payment to be made by the relevant 
Paying Agent to a designated account denominated in the relevant currency in which case payment 
shall be made on the relevant due date for payment by transfer to such account. In the case of 
payment by transfer to an account, if the due date for any such payment is not a Relevant Financial 
Centre Day, then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the first day 
thereafter which is a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant 
designated account is located and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be 
due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in 
Condition 5.06 (Interest — Accrual of Interest) or, as appropriate, Condition 5.10 (Interest — 
Definitions). 
9C 
Payments in respect of Instruments where the Specified Currency is Renminbi 
All payments in respect of any Instruments where the Specified Currency is Renminbi will be made 
solely by credit to a Renminbi account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong, in the 
case of Registered Instruments the details of which appear on the Register at the close of business 
on the fifth business day before the due date for payment, and in all cases in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable 
laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong).

--- Page 69 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 59 - 
70-41013597 
 
9D 
Payments — General Provisions 
9D.01 Save as otherwise specified in these Terms and Conditions, this Condition 9D is applicable in 
relation to Instruments whether in bearer or in registered form. 
9D.02 Payments of amounts due (whether principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of Instruments will 
be made in the currency in which such amount is due (a) except in the case of Instruments where 
the Specified Currency is Renminbi, by cheque (in the case of payment in sterling, drawn on a 
town clearing branch of a bank in the city of London) or (b) at the option of the payee, by transfer 
to an account denominated in the relevant currency specified by the payee. Payments will, without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation), be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws and regulations. 
9D.03 For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
"Relevant Financial Centre Day" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the Relevant Financial Centre and in any other place specified in the Final 
Terms or in the case of payment in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, and in the case of 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
Renminbi payments in Hong Kong; and 
(ii) 
"local banking day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the place of presentation of the relevant Instrument or, as the case may be, 
Coupon. 
9D.04 No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Instruments or Coupons in respect 
of such payments. 
9E 
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent 
9E.01 This Condition 9E (Payment of US Dollar Equivalent) is applicable in relation to Instruments 
where the Specified Currency is Renminbi. 
9E.02 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, 
the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of 
the Instruments when due in Renminbi, the Issuer shall, by sending an irrevocable notice not less 
than five or more than 30 calendar days prior to the due date for payment to the Holders and the 
Issue and Paying Agent, settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in US Dollars on the due 
date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. In case the Issuer 
needs to satisfy payments of principal or interest in part in Renminbi and in part in US Dollars, it 
shall to the extent possible make payment to each Holder in the same pro rata amount of Renminbi 
and US Dollar in accordance with the rules of the clearing system(s) from time to time. 
9E.03 For the purposes of these Conditions, "US Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount 
converted into US Dollars using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date. 
For this purpose: 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong; 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong, Beijing, London, TARGET and in New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any

--- Page 70 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 60 - 
70-41013597 
 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the PRC and Hong Kong; 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC; 
"Illiquidity" means where the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid 
as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation 
to pay interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Instruments as determined by the 
Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation (if 
practicable) with two Renminbi Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Instruments in the general Renminbi exchange market in 
Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control or any other applicable laws in the Kingdom of Spain, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong 
to an account outside Hong Kong and outside the PRC or from an account outside Hong Kong and 
outside the PRC to an account inside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely 
to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control or any other applicable laws in Austria, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Conditions, shall 
exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China 
and Taiwan; and 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/US Dollar exchange rate for the purchase of US dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters 
Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the Spot 
Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date as the most recently 
available CNY/US Dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination Business Days 
reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such 
other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange 
rate. 
9F 
Redenomination 
9F.01 
Where Redenomination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Holders of the Instruments, the Receipts and the Coupons, on giving at 
least 30 days' prior notice to the Paying Agents and to the Holders of the Instruments in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date (as defined 
below) specified in the notice, the Instruments shall be redenominated in Euro. 
9F.02 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
each Specified Denomination (as defined below) and, in the case of Fixed Rate 
Instruments, each amount specified on the Coupons will be deemed to be denominated in 
such amount of Euro as is equivalent to its denomination or the amount of interest so 
specified in the Relevant Currency (as defined below) at the Established Rate (as defined 
below), rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01;

--- Page 71 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 61 - 
70-41013597 
 
(ii) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Instruments, the Receipts 
and the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before 
the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in Euro as though references in the 
Instruments to the Relevant Currency were to Euro. Payments will be made in Euro by 
credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited 
or transferred) specified by the payee, or at the option of the payee, by a Euro cheque; 
(iii) 
if the Instruments are Fixed Rate Instruments and interest for any period ending on or after 
the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period of less than one year, it 
will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if 
any of the days elapsed fall in a leap year, the sum of (i) the number of those days falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if the Instruments are Floating Rate Instruments the relevant Final Terms will specify any 
relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(v) 
such other changes shall be made to these Terms and Conditions as the Issuer may decide, 
after consultation with the Issue and Paying Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, 
to conform them to conventions then applicable to Instruments denominated in Euro or to 
enable the Instruments to be consolidated with Other Instruments (as defined below) 
whether or not originally denominated in the Specified Currency (as defined below) or 
Euro. Any such other changes will not take effect until after they have been notified to the 
Holders of the Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
9G 
Exchangeability 
Where Exchangeability is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may without the consent of the Holders of the Instruments, the Receipts and the Coupons, on giving 
at least 30 days' prior notice to the Holders of the Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date or such later date for payment of 
interest under the Instruments as it may specify in the notice, the Instruments shall be exchangeable 
for Instruments expressed to be denominated in Euro in accordance with such arrangements as the 
Issuer may decide, with the approval of the Issue and Paying Agent and as may be specified in the 
notice, including arrangements under which Receipts and Coupons unmatured at the date so 
specified become void. 
Definitions: In these Terms and Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Established Rate" means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into 
Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 1091(4) of the Treaty; 
(ii) 
"Euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the Euro, as amended; 
(iii) 
"Other Instruments" means, at any time, any one or more series of other instruments of the Issuer 
which have the same or substantially the same terms and conditions (as then in effect and which 
have not lapsed and/or the rights in respect of which have not been exercised) as the Instruments 
(other than in relation to the currency of original denomination and/or denomination and/or the 
terms and conditions relating to business days or interest accrual bases and/or the stock exchange(s) 
if any on which such instruments are listed and/or the clearing system(s) on which such instruments 
are cleared and settled and/or redenomination into Euro and/or notices); 
(iv) 
"Redenomination Date" means any date for payment of interest under the Instruments or any date 
specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Holders of Instruments pursuant of Condition 
9D.01 above or, if the country of the Specified Currency is not one of the countries then 
participating in the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty, 
the date which falls on or after such later date as it does so participate; 
(v) 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 72 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 62 - 
70-41013597 
 
(vi) 
"Specified Denomination" means the denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(vii) 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union. 
10. 
Prescription 
10.01 
Claims against the Issuer for payment, whether of principal and interest or otherwise, in respect of 
Instruments will be prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten 
years or, in the case of interest, five years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8.02) 
for payment thereof. 
10.02 
In relation to Definitive Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, there shall not 
be included in any Coupon sheet issued upon exchange of a Talon any Coupon which would be 
void upon issue pursuant to Condition 9A.06 or the due date for the payment of which would fall 
after the due date for the redemption of the relevant Instrument or which would be void pursuant 
to this Condition 10 (Prescription) or any Talon the maturity date of which would fall after the due 
date for redemption of the relevant Instrument. 
11. 
The Paying Agents, the Registrars and the Calculation Agent 
11.01 
The initial Paying Agents and Registrars and their respective initial specified offices are specified 
below. The Calculation Agent in respect of any Instruments shall be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
any Paying Agent (including the Issue and Paying Agent) or the Registrar or the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or another Registrar or another Calculation Agent 
provided that they will at all times maintain (i) an Issue and Paying Agent, (ii) in the case of 
Registered Instruments, a Registrar, (iii) a Paying Agent (which may be the Issue and Paying 
Agent) with a specified office in a continental European city, (iv) so long as the Instruments are 
listed on the Official List and/or any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system and the rules of Euronext Dublin and/or such other competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system so require, a Paying Agent (which may be the Issue and Paying Agent) 
and a Registrar each with a specified office in Dublin and/or in such other place as may be required 
by such other stock exchange, (v) in the circumstances described in Condition 9A.04, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City and (vi) a Calculation Agent where required by 
the Terms and Conditions applicable to any Instruments (in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii) with a 
specified office located in such place (if any) as may be required by the Terms and Conditions). 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to change 
their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city. Notice of all 
changes in the identities or specified offices of any Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Calculation 
Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
11.02 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and, save as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or any other 
agreement entered into with respect to its appointment, do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder of any Instrument, Receipt or Coupon and each of 
them shall only be responsible for the performance of the duties and obligations expressly imposed 
upon it in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or other agreement entered into with respect to 
its appointment or incidental thereto. 
12. 
Replacement of Instruments 
If any Instrument, Receipt or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent or such Paying Agent or Paying 
Agents as may be specified for such purpose in the Final Terms (in the case of Bearer Instruments 
and Coupons) or of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Instruments) ("Replacement Agent") 
and if the Instruments are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required by 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, subject to all applicable laws

--- Page 73 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 63 - 
70-41013597 
 
and the requirements of any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on which 
the Instruments are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred in connection 
with such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Replacement Agent may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Instruments, Receipts and Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be delivered 
therefor. In case any such lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed Instrument, Receipt or 
Coupon has become or is about to become due and payable, the Issuer in its discretion may, instead 
of delivering replacements therefor, pay such Instrument, Receipt or Coupon. 
13. 
Meetings of Holders of Instruments and Modification 
(a) 
Meetings of Holders of Instruments: The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions 
for convening meetings of Holders of Instruments to consider matters relating to the Instruments, 
including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be 
made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of 
Holders of Instruments holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Instruments. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Instruments or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons 
being or representing Holders of Instruments whatever the principal amount of the Instruments 
held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Holders of Instruments at which two or more 
persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one 
quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Instruments form a quorum. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Holders of 
Instruments or Coupons, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders of Instruments who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Holders of Instruments will take effect as 
if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Holders of Instruments. 
(b) 
Modification: The Instruments, these Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant 
may be amended without the consent of the Holders of Instruments or Coupons to correct a 
manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement may agree to 
modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent 
of the Holders of Instruments, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Holders of Instruments. 
14. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Instruments 
14.01 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Instruments will, save where another means of effective 
communication has been specified herein or in the Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if 
published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe or, if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange, in the case of Instruments represented by a Temporary Global Instrument or 
Permanent Global Instrument, if delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective 
records as having interests therein. The Issuer and the Guarantor shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in compliance with the requirements of each stock exchange on which the 
Instruments are listed. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date 
of first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first 
date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers) or, as the case may 
be, on the fourth weekday after the date of such delivery to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or such other clearing system. Holders of Coupons will be deemed for all

--- Page 74 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 64 - 
70-41013597 
 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to Holders of Bearer Instruments in 
accordance with this Condition. 
To Holders of Registered Instruments 
14.02 
Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by air mail to them (or, in the case 
of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their respective addresses 
as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the fourth weekday after the date of such mailing or, if posted from another country, on the fifth 
such day. 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
14.03 
Notices to the Issuer may be delivered to the Managing Director at the specified office for the time 
being of the Issuer. Notices to the Guarantor may be delivered to the Deputy General Manager of 
Capital Markets at the specified office for the time being of the Guarantor. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of any Instruments or 
Coupons, create and issue further instruments having the same terms and conditions as such 
Instruments in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest, if any, on them 
and/or the denomination thereof) so as to form a single series with the Instruments of any particular 
Series. 
16. 
Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Instruments are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the 
Final Terms or, in the case of Instruments which have been redenominated pursuant to Condition 
9F (Redenomination), the Euro (the "Contractual Currency"), is the sole currency of account and 
payment for all sums payable by the Issuer in respect of the Instruments, including damages. Any 
amount received or recovered in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a 
result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) 
by any Holder of an Instrument or Coupon in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the 
Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the Contractual 
Currency which such Holder is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that 
other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that amount is less 
than the amount in the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder of an Instrument 
or Coupon in respect of such Instrument or Coupon the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against 
any loss sustained by such Holder as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such 
Holder against any cost of making such purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted 
by any Holder of an Instrument or Coupon and shall continue in full force and effect despite any 
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due in respect of the 
Instruments or any judgment or order. Any such loss aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss 
suffered by the relevant Holder of an Instrument or Coupon and no proof or evidence of any actual 
loss will be required by the Issuer. 
17. 
Waiver and Remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder of any Instrument, any 
right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof 
preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder 
shall be in addition to all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall 
constitute a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, similar or other instances without 
such notice or demand.

--- Page 75 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 65 - 
70-41013597 
 
18. 
Substitution; Merger, Consolidation, etc. Only on Certain Terms 
18.01 
Provided the Instruments remain subject to Law 10/2014 at all times, the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) (each a "Substitute Debtor") may, without the consent of the 
Holders of any Instruments, Receipts or Coupons, assume the obligations of the Issuer (or any 
previous Substitute Debtor) under and in respect of any Instruments upon: 
(a) 
Deed poll: the execution of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") by the Substitute Debtor and (if 
the Substitute Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor in a form which gives full effect 
to such assumption and which includes (without limitation): 
(i) 
a covenant by the Substitute Debtor in favour of the Holders of the relevant 
Instruments to be bound by these Terms and Conditions as if it had been named 
herein and therein as the Issuer; 
(ii) 
if the Substitute Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for tax purposes in 
a territory other than the Kingdom of Spain, a covenant by the Substitute Debtor 
corresponding to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) with the addition of 
such territory to the references to the Kingdom of Spain; 
(iii) 
if the Substitute Debtor is not the Guarantor, a covenant by the Guarantor in 
favour of the Holders of the relevant Instruments guaranteeing the obligations of 
the Substitute Debtor under and by virtue of the Deed Poll; and 
(iv) 
an acknowledgment of the right of all Holders of the relevant Instruments to the 
production of the Deed Poll; and 
(b) 
Legal opinion: the delivery by the Issuer to the Issue and Paying Agent of an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that: 
(i) 
the Deed Poll constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute Debtor and, if the Substitute Debtor is not the Guarantor, the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the relevant Instruments constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute Debtor; and 
(iii) 
if the Substitute Debtor is not the Guarantor, the Guarantee constitutes legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Guarantor in respect of all sums from 
time to time payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the relevant 
Instruments. 
Upon the assumption by the Substitute Debtor of the Issuer's obligations under and in respect of 
the relevant Instruments, and provided that immediately after giving effect to such assumption, 
no Event of Default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an 
Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing, the Issuer shall be released from such 
obligations and, thereafter, all references in the relevant Instruments and the Coupons to the Issuer 
shall be deemed to be references to the Substitute Debtor. 
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any Person, any other Person (whether or not now existing) 
which is controlled directly or indirectly, or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share 
capital (or equivalent) is then held or beneficially owned by, the first Person and/or any one or 
more of the first Person's Subsidiaries, and "control" means the power to appoint the majority of 
the members of the governing body or management of, or otherwise to control the affairs and 
policies of, that Person. 
The Deed Poll shall be deposited with and held by the Issue and Paying Agent until all the 
obligations of the Issuer under and in respect of the relevant Instruments have been discharged in 
full. Notice of the assumption by the Substitute Debtor of the Issuer's obligations under and in 
respect of the relevant Instruments shall promptly be given to the Holders of the relevant 
Instruments.

--- Page 76 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 66 - 
70-41013597 
 
18.02 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall consolidate with or merge (which term shall include for 
the avoidance of doubt a scheme of arrangement) into any other Person or convey, transfer or lease 
its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, and neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor shall permit any Person to consolidate with or merge into the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, unless: 
(i) 
in the case the Issuer or the Guarantor shall consolidate with or merge into another Person 
or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any 
Person, the Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer or the Guarantor 
is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance or transfer, or which leases, the 
properties and assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor substantially as an entirety shall be a 
corporation, partnership or trust, shall be organised and validly existing, under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of its organisation and shall expressly assume the due and punctual 
payment of the principal, premium (if any) and interest due in respect of the Instruments 
and the performance or observance of every covenant under these Terms and Conditions 
on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed and, in the case of the Guarantor, the 
due and punctual payment of the principal, premium (if any) and interest due in respect of 
the Instruments and the performance or observance of every covenant under these Terms 
and Conditions on the part of the Guarantor to be performed or observed; 
(ii) 
if the Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer or the Guarantor is 
merged or to whom the Issuer or the Guarantor has conveyed, transferred or leased its 
properties or assets is a Person organised and validly existing under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain, such Person agrees to indemnify the Holders 
of the Instruments against (a) any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on any 
such Holder or required to be withheld or deducted from any payment to such Holder as a 
consequence of such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease; and (b) any 
costs or expenses of the act of such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease; 
(iii) 
immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction, no Event of Default, and no 
event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default, shall 
have occurred; 
(iv) 
the consummation of such transaction must not cause an Event of Default under these 
Terms and Conditions or the Guarantee which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, does not reasonably believe that can be cured within 90 days from the date of such 
transaction; and 
(v) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor has delivered to the Issue and Paying Agent a certificate signed 
by one director of the Issuer or one director of the Guarantor and an opinion of counsel 
(as defined below), each stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or 
lease comply with this Condition and that all conditions precedent herein provided for 
relating to such transaction have been complied with. 
Upon any consolidation of the Issuer or the Guarantor with, or merger of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
into, any other Person or any conveyance, transfer or lease of the properties and assets of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor substantially as an entirety in accordance with this Condition 18.02, the successor 
Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer or the Guarantor is merged or to 
which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may 
exercise every right and power of, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, under these 
Terms and Conditions with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the 
Issuer or the Guarantor herein, as the case may be, and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the 
predecessor Person shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under these Terms and 
Conditions and the Instruments. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.02, "opinion of counsel" means a written opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing or internal legal counsel for the Issuer or the 
Guarantor.

--- Page 77 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 67 - 
70-41013597 
 
18.03 
For so long as Law 10/2014 applies to the Instruments, the Guarantor shall maintain direct or 
indirect ownership of the whole of the voting rights in respect of the shares of the Issuer or, 
following a substitution in accordance with Condition 18.01, the relevant Substitute Debtor. 
19. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
19.01 
Save as described below, the Instruments and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Instruments, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee 
(except Clause 5 (Status)) and the Deed of Covenant are governed by English law. Condition 3 
(Status of the Instruments and the Guarantee) and Clause 5 (Status) of the Deed of Guarantee, are 
governed by Spanish law. 
19.02 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from 
or connected with the Instruments (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or 
termination of the Instruments or any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Instruments or the consequences of their nullity). 
19.03 
The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle 
any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
19.04 
Condition 19.03 is for the benefit of the Holders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 19 
(Law and Jurisdiction) prevents any Holder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Holders may 
take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.05 
The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents 
required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to 
Telefónica Digital Limited, 20 Air Street, London W1B 5AN, UK, or, if different, its registered 
office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in England at which process may be served 
on it. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further person in England to accept service 
of process on its behalf in England and notify the name and address of such person to the Issue and 
Paying Agent and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Holder shall be entitled to appoint 
such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified 
office of the Issue and Paying Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Holder 
to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in 
England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
The Instruments are issued in accordance with requirements prescribed by Spanish company law. On the 
insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer or the Guarantor, the Law 22/2003 will determine the ranking of the 
Instruments and/or the Guarantee, and will prevail over certain provisions of Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments and/or the Guarantee. 
20. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Instrument under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 78 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 68 - 
70-41013597 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
The text of the Deed of Guarantee is as follows: 
THIS GUARANTEE is issued on 15 April 2021 
 
BY 
TELEFÓNICA, S.A. (the "Guarantor") 
IN FAVOUR OF the Holders (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments) and the Relevant 
Account Holders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant referred to below, and together with the Holders, the 
"Beneficiaries"). 
WHEREAS 
(A) 
Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. (the "Issuer"), the Guarantor and others have established a 
programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of debt instruments, in connection with which 
Programme they have entered into, inter alia, an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement (the "Issue and Paying Agency Agreement") dated 15 April 2021 and made between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as issue and paying 
agent (the "Issue and Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor issue and 
paying agent) and others and the Issuer has executed and delivered a deed of covenant (the "Deed 
of Covenant") dated 15 April 2021. 
(B) 
Instruments will be issued on a listed basis. 
(C) 
The Guarantor has agreed, upon the terms set out herein, to guarantee the payment of all sums 
expressed to be payable from time to time by the Issuer in respect of Instruments issued under the 
Programme and under the Deed of Covenant as of or subsequent to the date hereof. 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
INTERPRETATION AND BENEFIT OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
1.1 
Unless otherwise defined herein or unless the context requires otherwise, expressions defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments (the "Conditions" and each a "Condition") or the 
Deed of Covenant have the same meanings in this Guarantee except where the context requires 
otherwise or unless otherwise stated. 
1.2 
Any Instruments issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Guarantee shall have the 
benefit of this Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any subsequent deed of guarantee relating 
to the Programme (unless expressly so provided in any such subsequent deed). 
1.3 
Any reference in this Guarantee to a Clause is, unless otherwise stated, to a clause hereof. 
1.4 
All references in this Guarantee to an agreement, instrument or other document (including the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant) shall be construed as a reference to that 
agreement, instrument or other document as the same may be amended, supplemented, replaced or 
novated from time to time. 
1.5 
Any reference in this Guarantee to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or 
other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
1.6 
Headings and sub-headings are for ease of reference only and shall not affect the construction of 
this Guarantee.

--- Page 79 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 69 - 
70-41013597 
 
2. 
GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY 
2.1 
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees: 
(a) 
to the Holder of each Instrument the due and punctual payment of all sums expressed to 
be payable from time to time by the Issuer in respect of such Instrument as and when the 
same become due and payable and accordingly undertakes to pay to such Holder, forthwith 
in the manner and currency prescribed by the relevant Instrument for payments by the 
Issuer in respect thereof, any and every sum or sums which the Issuer is at any time liable 
to pay in respect of such Instrument in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such 
Instruments and which the Issuer has failed to pay; and 
(b) 
to each Relevant Account Holder the due and punctual payment of all sums which become 
payable from time to time by the Issuer to such Relevant Account Holder in respect of the 
Direct Rights as and when the same become due and payable and accordingly undertakes 
to pay to such Relevant Account Holder, forthwith in the manner and currency prescribed 
by the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Instruments for payments by the Issuer 
thereunder, any and every sum or sums which the Issuer is at any time liable to pay to such 
Relevant Account Holder in respect of the Direct Rights in accordance with the Deed of 
Covenant and which the Issuer has failed to pay. 
2.2 
The Guarantor undertakes to each Beneficiary that, if any sum referred to in Clause 2.1 is not 
recoverable from the Guarantor thereunder for any reason whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, by reason of any Instrument or the Deed of Covenant (or any provision thereof) being 
or becoming void, unenforceable or otherwise invalid under any applicable law), then, 
notwithstanding that the same may have been known to such Beneficiary, the Guarantor will, 
forthwith upon demand by such Beneficiary, pay such sum by way of a full indemnity in the 
manner and currency prescribed by such Instrument or (as the case may be) the Deed of Covenant. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations under 
this Guarantee and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
3. 
TAXATION 
The Guarantor covenants in favour of each Beneficiary that it will duly perform and comply with 
the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in Condition 8 (Taxation). 
4. 
PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS 
4.1 
The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be deemed to be undertaken as principal obligor 
and not merely as surety. 
4.2 
The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be continuing obligations notwithstanding any 
settlement of account or other matter or thing whatsoever and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not be considered satisfied by any intermediate payment or satisfaction of all or any of the 
Issuer's obligations under or in respect of any Instrument or the Deed of Covenant and shall 
continue in full force and effect until all sums due from the Issuer in respect of the Instruments and 
under the Deed of Covenant have been paid, and all other obligations of the Issuer thereunder or 
in respect thereof have been satisfied, in full. 
4.3 
Neither the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein nor the rights, powers 
and remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries by this Guarantee or by law shall be discharged, 
impaired or otherwise affected by: 
(a) 
the winding up, bankruptcy (concurso), moratorium or dissolution of the Issuer or 
analogous proceeding in any jurisdiction or any change in its status, function, control or 
ownership; 
(b) 
any of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of any of the Instruments or the 
Deed of Covenant being or becoming illegal, invalid or unenforceable; 
(c) 
time or other indulgence being granted or agreed to be granted to the Issuer in respect of 
its obligations under or in respect of any of the Instruments or the Deed of Covenant;

--- Page 80 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 70 - 
70-41013597 
 
(d) 
any amendment to, or any variation, waiver or release of, any obligation of the Issuer 
under or in respect of any of the Instruments or the Deed of Covenant or any security or 
other guarantee or indemnity in respect thereof; or 
(e) 
any other act, event or omission which, but for this Clause 4.3, might operate to discharge, 
impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein 
or any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries by this Guarantee 
or by law. 
4.4 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and any of the Beneficiaries shall be 
conditional upon no payment to such Beneficiaries by the Issuer or any other person on the Issuer's 
behalf being avoided or reduced by virtue of any provision or enactment relating to bankruptcy, 
insolvency (concurso) or liquidation for the time being in force and, in the event of any such 
payment being so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries shall be entitled to recover the amount by 
which such payment is so avoided or reduced from the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement 
or discharge had not occurred. 
4.5 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred 
upon it by this Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of the Issuer, other than the presentation of the relevant Instrument; 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against the Issuer; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, 
and, save as aforesaid, the Guarantor hereby expressly waives, in respect of each Instrument, 
presentment, demand, protest and notice of dishonour. 
4.6 
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums are or may be owed by the Issuer in respect of the 
Instruments or under the Deed of Covenant or the Issuer is under any other actual or contingent 
obligation thereunder or in respect thereof, the Guarantor will not exercise any right which the 
Guarantor may at any time have by reason of the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations 
hereunder: 
(a) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of the Issuer's obligations under or in 
respect of the Instruments or the Deed of Covenant; 
(b) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security enjoyed in connection with any of 
the Instruments or the Deed of Covenant by any Beneficiary; or 
(c) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against the Issuer in respect of amounts 
paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee. 
5. 
STATUS 
The Guarantor undertakes that its obligations hereunder will at all times rank as described in 
Condition 3 (Status of the Instruments and the Guarantee). 
6. 
DELIVERY 
A duly executed original of this Guarantee shall be delivered promptly after execution to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and such original shall be held to the exclusion of the Guarantor until the date 
on which complete performance by the Guarantor of the obligations contained in this Guarantee 
and in all instruments then outstanding from time to time occurs and no further Instruments can be 
issued under the Programme. A certified copy of this Guarantee may be obtained by any 
Beneficiary from the Issue and Paying Agent at its specified office at the expense of such 
Beneficiary. Any Beneficiary may protect and enforce his rights under this Guarantee (in the courts 
specified in Clause 13 (Law and Jurisdiction) below) upon the basis described in the Deed of 
Covenant (in the case of a Relevant Account Holder) and a copy of this Guarantee certified as 
being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Issue and Paying Agent without the need for 
production in any court of the actual records described in the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee.

--- Page 81 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 71 - 
70-41013597 
 
Any such certification shall be binding, except in the case of manifest error or as may be ordered 
by any court of competent jurisdiction, upon the Guarantor and all Beneficiaries. This Clause shall 
not limit any right of any Beneficiary to the production of the originals of such records or 
documents or this Guarantee in evidence. 
7. 
CONTRACTUAL CURRENCY 
If any sum due from the Guarantor under this Guarantee or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under this Guarantee or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Guarantor, (b) 
obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgement given or made in relation to this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall indemnify each 
Beneficiary on demand against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate 
of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the 
second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Beneficiary may in the ordinary 
course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid 
to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Guarantor and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
8. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
The Guarantor hereby undertakes to comply with and be bound by those provisions of the 
Conditions which relate to it or which are expressed to relate to it. 
9. 
BENEFIT OF GUARANTEE 
9.1 
This Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of the Beneficiaries from time to time. 
9.2 
The obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein shall enure for the benefit of each 
Beneficiary, and each Beneficiary shall be entitled severally to enforce such obligations against 
the Guarantor. 
9.3 
The Guarantor may not assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits or obligations hereunder. 
9.4 
Any Instruments issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Guarantee shall have the 
benefit of this Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any subsequent deed of guarantee relating 
to the Programme (unless expressly so provided in any such subsequent deed). 
10. 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
If at any time any provision hereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of 
any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
11. 
MODIFICATION 
This Guarantee may be modified by the Guarantor in respect of the Instruments of any Series with 
the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution of Holders of the Instruments of such Series.

--- Page 82 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 72 - 
70-41013597 
 
12. 
NOTICES 
12.1 
All communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in writing (by letter or fax) and shall 
be sent to the Guarantor at: 
Address: 
Distrito Telefónica 
Edificio Central 
c/o Ronda de la Comunicación, s/n 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Email: 
Francois.Decleve@telefonica.com  
Attention: 
François Decleve 
or to such other address or fax number or for the attention of such other person or department as 
the Guarantor has notified to the Holders of the Instruments in the manner prescribed for the giving 
of notices in connection with the Instruments. 
12.2 
Every communication sent in accordance with Clause 12.1 shall be effective upon receipt by the 
Guarantor; and provided, however, that any such notice or communication which would 
otherwise take effect after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 10.00 a.m. on 
the immediately succeeding business day in the place of the Guarantor. 
13. 
LAW AND JURISDICTION 
13.1 
This Guarantee and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The status of this Guarantee 
is governed by Spanish Law. 
13.2 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from 
or connected with this Guarantee (including a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations 
arising from or in connection with this Guarantee, or a dispute regarding the existence, validity or 
termination of this Guarantee) or the consequences of its nullity. 
13.3 
The Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to 
settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
13.4 
Notwithstanding Clause 13.2, the Beneficiaries may take proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the 
Beneficiaries may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
13.5 
The Guarantor agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents 
required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to 
Telefónica Digital Limited, 20 Air Street, London W1B 5AN, United Kingdom, or, if different, its 
registered office for the time being or at any address of the Guarantor in England at which process 
may be served on it. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of 
process on behalf of the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall, on the written demand of any Beneficiary 
addressed and delivered to the Guarantor appoint a further person in England to accept service of 
process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Beneficiary shall be entitled 
to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Guarantor and delivered to the 
Guarantor or to the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall 
affect the right of any Beneficiary to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been executed as a deed by the Guarantor and is intended to be 
and is hereby delivered on the date first above written. 
EXECUTED as a deed 
) 
By TELEFÓNICA, S.A. 
) 
acting by: 
)

--- Page 83 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 73 - 
70-41013597 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Final Terms specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Investors" as "Not Applicable"] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is [eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II])]; and (ii) [all 
channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Instruments are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets

--- Page 84 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 74 - 
70-41013597 
 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
TELEFÓNICA EMISIONES, S.A.U. 
LEI: 549300Y5MFC45W5Z3K71 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Instruments][SDG Instruments] 
Unconditionally and Irrevocably Guaranteed by TELEFÓNICA, S.A. 
under the EUR 40,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth on pages [[•] to [•]], inclusive, of the Base Prospectus dated 15 April 2021 [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Instruments 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain 
the final terms of the Instruments and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Instruments described herein is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to it] [is] [are] available for viewing at 
www.telefonica.com and copies may be obtained from Gran Vía, 28, 28013 Madrid (being the registered 
office of the Issuer), at the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch at One Canada Square, 
London E14 5AL and at the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch at 
Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [•] Conditions (the 
"Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 April 2021. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Instruments described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 April 2021 [and 
the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base 
prospectus dated [•] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Instruments is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 15 April 2021 [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated [•] and [•]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement(s) to it] are available for viewing at 
www.telefonica.com and copies may be obtained from Gran Vía, 28, 28013 Madrid (being the registered 
office of the Issuer), at the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch at One Canada Square, 
London E14 5AL and at the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch at 
Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Telefónica, S.A. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Instruments 
become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Instruments 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] 
on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Instrument for interests in the Permanent

--- Page 85 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 75 - 
70-41013597 
 
Global Instrument, as referred to in paragraph 23 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
(ii)         Issue Date:   
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[•]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month [EURIBOR]/[LIBOR] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
(See paragraph [14/15] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Instruments will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [[•]/[100]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
(N.B. The scheduled redemption amount at 
maturity will be at least 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount of the Instruments) 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Call Option]/[Not Applicable][See paragraph 
[16/17] below] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Instruments: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 
[(iii)] 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Instruments obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]

--- Page 86 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 76 - 
70-41013597 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]/[Additional Business 
Centre(s)]]/[not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, 
CNY0.005 for the case of Renminbi denominated 
Fixed Rate Instruments and to the nearest 
HK$0.01, HK$0.005 for the case of Hong Kong 
dollar denominated Fixed Rate Instruments, being 
rounded upwards] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] / [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (/ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[•] / [As specified in the Conditions] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Not 
applicable]/[Interest 
shall 
be 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in 
arrear on [•][, [•], [•] and [•]] in each year 
commencing on [•], up to and including the 
Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below] 
 
(v) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN Convention/ Eurodollar Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Business Day Convention Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ No Adjustment] 
 
(vii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Issue and Paying Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] month [LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]]

--- Page 87 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 77 - 
70-41013597 
 
 
• 
Reference Bank(s): 
[•] / [As specified in the Conditions] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
[Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)]] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (/ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/ 
360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Instrument: 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Aggregate principal amount to be 
redeemed: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Reference Bond: 
[[•]/FA Selected Bond/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Quotation Time: 
[[•] 
[London/New 
York/specify] 
time][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Put Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 88 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 78 - 
70-41013597 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Instrument: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Instrument 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption: 
[Not applicable/[•] per Calculation Amount]  
19. 
Early Termination Amount 
[Not applicable/[•] per Calculation Amount]  
20. 
Redemption following a Substantial 
Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Substantial Purchase Event Threshold 
[•] per cent. 
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
22. 
Form of Instruments: 
[Bearer Instruments: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Instrument 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Instruments on [•] 
days' 
notice/at 
any 
time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Instrument] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for 
Definitive Instruments on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for 
Definitive Instruments on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Instrument] 
 
 
[Registered Instruments] 
23. 
New Global Instrument: 
[Yes]/[No] 
24. 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Instruments (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[No.] / [Yes. As the Instruments have more than 27 
Coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
Coupon payments are still to be made.] 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Instruments: 
amount of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 89 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 79 - 
70-41013597 
 
27. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions in Condition 9F 
(Redenomination) apply/ The provisions in 
Condition 9G (Exchangeability) apply] 
28. 
Instruments where the Specified Currency 
is 
Renminbi: 
Party responsible 
for 
calculating the Spot Rate: 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
29. 
Commissioner: 
[Not Applicable/[•] (specify for fungible issuances, 
if applicable)] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of 
TELEFÓNICA EMISIONES, S.A.U.: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
SIGNED on behalf of 
TELEFÓNICA, S.A.: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 90 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 80 - 
70-41013597 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading  
[[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Instruments to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of The 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin, 
with effect from [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Instruments to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's Investors Service España, S.A.: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[EEA Registered and UK endorsed/certified] 
[[•] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended.] [The 
rating [•] has given to the Instruments is endorsed by 
[•], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] / [•] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018.] / [•] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA") and the rating it has given to the Instruments 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulations] 
[UK Registered and EEA endorsed/certified] 
[[•] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
rating it European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]. / 
[The rating [•] has given to the Instruments is 
endorsed by [•], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended] / [•] has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended. / [•] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Instruments is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 91 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 81 - 
70-41013597 
 
 
 
Non-EEA/UK registered but endorsed in the EEA/UK 
[[•] is not established in the [EEA/UK] but the rating 
it has given to the Instruments is endorsed by [[•] 
which is established in the [EEA/UK] and registered 
under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended / 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
rating it European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
 
 
Non-EEA/UK registered but certified in the EEA/UK 
[[•] is not established in the [EEA/UK] but is certified 
under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended / 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
rating it European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
Non-EEA/UK 
registered 
and 
no 
EEA/UK 
certification or endorsement 
[[•] is not established in the [EEA/UK] and is not 
certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") / Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the rating it 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA")] and the rating it has given to the Instruments 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the [EEA/UK] and registered under the [EU CRA 
Regulation/UK CRA Regulation] 
 
[Add a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if previously published by the relevant 
ratings provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Instruments has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business.]/[•]/[Not Applicable] 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Estimated Net Proceeds: [•] 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Instruments will be allocated to 
[•]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Instruments will be allocated to 
Eligible Projects]/ [Include further description if necessary]/[Not Applicable]] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Instruments only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield.]

--- Page 92 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 82 - 
70-41013597 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / 
Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / 
Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be 
"Not Applicable") 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[•] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]:  
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 
(Register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
US Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 93 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 83 - 
70-41013597 
 
 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 94 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 84 - 
70-41013597 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Instruments will either be applied by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group to (i) meet part of their general financing requirements or (ii) to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, subject to specific eligibility criteria to be applied to new or 
existing projects, eligible projects ("Eligible Projects") as detailed in Telefónica's Sustainable 
Development Goals Framework (the "SDG Framework"). The SDG Framework is in accordance with the 
Green Bond Principles 2018, Social Bond Principles 2018 and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018, each 
published by the International Capital Market Association. 
The SDG Framework is available at: 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/144347968/Telefonica-Framework-Green-Social-Bonds-
20210122.pdf/2ba276f5-af73-08b1-d4ea-2e169abd66e5 
The Second-Party Opinion from Sustainalytics B.V. dated 22 January 2021 (the "Second-Party Opinion") 
is available at: 
https://www.telefonica.com/documents/162467/144347968/Telefonica-SDG-Framework-Second-Party-
Opinion-20210122.pdf/8a8de56e-1d09-17b7-ed65-a2a8e012ad4e 
Examples of Eligible Projects in relation to the energy efficiency of the Telefónica network infrastructure 
include: 
• 
Modernisation of broadband networks, both fixed and mobile (5G deployment). Optic fiber 
deployment, with the aim of transforming wireline legacy copper networks into latest generation 
fiber networks. 
• 
Improvement of supporting infrastructure with a view to making it more efficient (including but 
not limited to: free cooling systems, cooling optimization, power modernisation, smart 
management, intelligent lighting or optimization of power storage). This also includes digital 
process transformation, such as automatisation of maintenance processes.  
• 
Software aimed at reducing power consumption, such as, but not limited to, power saving features, 
servers virtualisation, remote and data management applications, machine learning and artificial 
intelligence applications. 
Examples of Eligible Projects in relation to the implementation of Telefónica's renewable energy plan: 
• 
Self-generation of electricity from renewable sources such as solar, wind, mini-hydro and 
geothermal (excluding large hydro over 25 megawatts and geothermal with life cycle greenhouse 
gas emissions > 100 grams of carbon dioxide per kilowatt hour). 
Examples of Eligible Projects in relation to Inclusive Connectivity accelerating deployment of broadband 
in unconnected or underserved areas: 
• 
Overcoming the inequality of broadband in rural and remote areas through the deployment, 
extending and optimization of fixed or mobile connectivity to provide Internet access with 
sufficient bandwidth to underserved population. 
Examples of Eligible Projects in relation to supporting Employment Generation, entrepreneurships and 
development of new digital skills: 
• 
Investing directly in start-ups and small and medium sized enterprises through Telefónica's Open 
Innovation vehicles to promote innovation and foster employment ecosystems in countries where 
unemployment is a critical risk for socio-economic development and social welfare. 
The list of eligibility criteria within the SDG Framework may be further updated as new technologies 
develop and other circumstances evolve. 
Eligible Projects refer to new investments made after issuance as well as the refinancing of any investments 
made in the period of two years prior to issuance of the Instruments.

--- Page 95 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 85 - 
70-41013597 
 
An SDG bond committee / working group will monitor the project selection and evaluate allocation process 
as per the eligibility criteria set out in the SDG Framework. This committee will be composed of senior 
management representatives from Telefónica's Finance, Sustainability and Control departments alongside 
representatives from other key technical areas.  
The SDG bond committee / working group will be responsible for: 
- 
Review and validation of the selection of Eligible Projects based on the defined eligible categories 
listed above. 
- 
Monitoring the Eligible Projects portfolio during the life of the Instruments. The SDG bond 
committee / working group can decide to replace an Eligible Project if it no longer meets the 
eligibility criteria. 
- 
Management of any future updates to the SDG Framework. 
Telefónica may amend or update the SDG Framework in the future. Any change to the SDG Framework 
would be publicly announced. The SDG Framework, including any changes thereto, will be available on 
Telefónica's website at www.telefónica.com.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the SDG Framework nor the Second-Party Opinion are, nor shall either 
of them be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 86 - 
70-41013597 
 
TELEFÓNICA EMISIONES, S.A.U. 
Introduction 
Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. (the "Issuer") was incorporated for an indefinite period on 29 November 
2004 as a Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (limited liability company with a sole shareholder) registered in 
the Commercial Registry of Madrid at Tome 20,733, Book 0, Sheet 77, Section 8, Page M-367261, 
Registration 1. The registered office of the Issuer is at Gran Vía 28, 28013 Madrid, Spain, the Shareholder's 
office free telephone helpline number (Spain) is +34 900 111 004 and the Investor Relations telephone 
number is +34 91 482 87 00. The authorised share capital of the Issuer is €62,000 represented by 62,000 
registered shares having a nominal value of €1 each, numbered 1 to 62,000. The share capital of the Issuer 
is fully subscribed and paid up by Telefónica, S.A. as the sole shareholder. 
The Issuer is governed by the consolidated text of the Spanish Corporations Law, approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital, aprobado por 
el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio). 
Business 
The objects of the Issuer are the issuance of participaciones preferentes (preferred shares) and/or other 
financial instruments. 
The Issuer lends the proceeds of financial instruments to the Guarantor and other members of the Group, 
and is dependent on repayment of the relevant intra-group financing to service payments of principal and 
interest on its financial instruments. This does not give rise to any potential conflicts of interest. 
The Issuer has not engaged, since its incorporation, in any activities other than those incidental to its 
incorporation, the establishment and listing of the Programme and matters referred to as contemplated in 
this Base Prospectus and the authorisation, execution, delivery and performance of the other documents to 
which it is or will be a party and matters which are incidental or ancillary to the aforegoing. 
Recent Developments 
The principal events that have occurred since 31 December 2020, are set forth below: 
• 
on 16 February 2021, the Issuer redeemed 1,500 million U.S. dollars of its notes issued on 16 
February 2011. These notes were guaranteed by the Guarantor; 
• 
on 26 March 2021, the Issuer redeemed 872.2 million euros of its notes issued on 27 March 2013. 
These notes were guaranteed by the Guarantor; and 
• 
on the same day, the Guarantor made the full repayment of the principal of the loan granted by the 
Issuer of similar amount, terms and conditions.  
Directors 
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Principal occupation 
Principal External Activities 
Carlos David Maroto Sobrado ................. 
Director 
Head of Financing at Telefónica, S.A. 
 
 
Telefónica Participaciones, S.A.U. (Joint and Several 
Director) 
 
 
Telefónica Europe, B.V. 
Francisco Javier Ariza Garrote ................ 
Director 
Telefónica Participaciones, S.A.U. (Joint and Several 
Director) 
Telefónica Latinoamérica Holding, S.L. 
Alianza Atlántica Holding B.V. 
 
 
 
The business address of each of the directors of the Issuer is Distrito Telefónica, Edificio Central, c/Ronda 
de la Comunicación, s/n, 28050 Madrid. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Issuer to the 
Issuer and their respective private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 97 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 87 - 
70-41013597 
 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 were PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, S.L., registered auditors in Spain in the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas, with 
registration number S0242.

--- Page 98 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 88 - 
70-41013597 
 
TELEFÓNICA, S.A. 
Introduction 
Telefónica, S.A. ("Telefónica" or the "Guarantor") is a corporation duly organised and existing under the 
laws of the Kingdom of Spain, incorporated on 19 April 1924. The Guarantor is governed by the Restated 
Spanish Companies Act (Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July 2010 (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), as amended. The registered office of the 
Guarantor is at Gran Vía 28, 28013 Madrid, Spain, its tax identification number is A-28015865, its 
telephone number is +34 91 482 34 33 and its website is www.telefonica.com. The Telefónica Group is: 
• 
a diversified telecommunications group which provides a comprehensive range of services through 
one of the world's largest and most modern telecommunications networks; 
• 
focused on providing telecommunications services; and 
• 
present principally in Europe and Latin America. 
Telefónica has been assigned long term credit ratings of BBB- (stable outlook), Baa3 (stable outlook), BBB 
(stable outlook), respectively, by S&P, Moody's and Fitch. Telefónica has been assigned short term credit 
ratings of A3, P3 and F2, respectively, by S&P, Moody's and Fitch. Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings S&P, 
Moody's and Fitch have given Telefónica have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd and Fitch Ratings Ltd., respectively, which are established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Recent Developments 
The principal events that have occurred since 31 December 2020, are set forth below: 
• 
On 13 January 2021, Telefónica's subsidiary, Telxius, signed two agreements with American 
Tower International, Inc. (the "Purchaser"), a subsidiary of American Tower Corporation 
("ATC"), for the sale of its telecommunications towers divisions in Europe (Spain and Germany) 
and in Latin America (Brazil, Peru, Chile and Argentina), for a total cash consideration of 7.7 
billion euros (including the Purchaser's assumption of the future committed acquisitions), subject 
to certain closing adjustments. The agreements establish the sale of approximately 30,722 
telecommunication tower sites through two separate and independent transactions. Among other 
aspects, the agreements include the Purchaser's commitment to maintain employment post-closing 
of the transactions. Additionally, the Telefónica Group operators will maintain the current tower 
lease agreements signed with the companies being sold so that these companies will continue to 
provide their services on similar terms to the operators as those currently provided. Renewal 
conditions do not include any new "all or nothing" clauses.  
• 
On 27 January 2021, Telefónica informed that Board of Directors unanimously agreed following 
a favorable report from the Nominating, Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee, to 
appoint the Independent Director Mr. Peter Löscher, as Member of the Executive Commission of 
the Board of Directors. 
• 
On 29 January 2021, a Purchase and Sale Agreement was entered into among by Telefónica Brasil 
S.A., Tim S.A. and Claro S.A. (jointly the "Purchasers") and Oi Móvel S.A (the "Seller") of the 
mobile assets of the Oi Group, in respect of which they were declared winners at the judicial 
auction held on 14 December 2020. The effectiveness of this acquisition by the Purchasers is 
subject to certain conditions usually applicable to transactions of this nature, all of which are part 
of the purchase and sale agreement, including obtaining the required regulatory authorizations. In 
addition, this acquisition shall take place in accordance with the segregation plan of such assets.

--- Page 99 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 89 - 
70-41013597 
 
• 
In February 2021, Telefónica Europe, B.V. announced the following transactions related to its 
hybrid capital: 
a. 
a new issue amounting to 1,000 million euros, guaranteed by Telefónica, S.A. The net 
proceeds thereof will be subject to specific eligibility criteria to be applied to new or 
existing projects, as detailed in Telefónica's Sustainable Development Goals Framework 
(the "SDG Framework"). The SDG Framework is in accordance with the Green Bond 
Principles 2018, Social Bond Principles 2018 and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018, 
each published by the International Capital Market Association. The settlement took place 
on 12 February 2021; and 
b. 
a tender offer for hybrid instruments in euros, with first call date in March 2022. 
Telefónica Europe, B.V. offered to purchase for cash up to a maximum aggregate principal 
amount of the tendered securities in an aggregate principal amount of 758 million euros. 
The tender offer settled on 15 February 2021. 
• 
On 8 February 2021, Telefónica Brasil S.A. partially redeemed 1,000 million Brazilian reais of its 
bonds, issued on 8 February 2017. 
• 
On 10 February 2021, Telefónica Germany GmbH & Co. OHG redeemed 500 million euros of tis 
bond, issued on 10 February 2014. 
• 
On 22 February 2021, Telefónica Chile, S.A. entered into a stock purchase agreement with KKR 
Alameda Aggregator L.P. (a vehicle controlled by funds managed or advised by KKR affiliated 
entities) for the sale of 60% of the shares of InfraCo, SpA ("InfraCo"). 
As part of the transaction, Telefónica Chile will sell approximately two million homes passed with 
fiber to InfraCo. Additionally, Telefónica Chile and InfraCo will enter into certain agreements for 
the provision of various services, including an agreement to provide wholesale connectivity 
services to Telefónica Chile on InfraCo's fiber network. 
The transaction values InfraCo at 1.0 billion U.S. dollars (approximately 0.8 billion euros at the 
exchange rate as of the date of the agreement). 
The transaction is subject to obtaining the corresponding authorizations from the antitrust 
authorities. 
• 
On 24 February 2021, Telefónica informed that the Board of Directors unanimously appointed the 
Independent Director Ms. Claudia Sender Ramírez as Member of the Strategy and Innovation 
Committee, in replacement of the Independent Director Mr. Peter Löscher, who presented his 
resignation to such position. 
• 
On 25 February 2021, Telefónica filed with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission its annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
• 
On 2 March 2021 Telefónica informed that its subsidiaries, Telefónica Brasil S.A. and Telefónica 
Infra, S.L.U., reached an agreement with Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec ("CDPQ") for 
the construction, development and operation of a fiber (FTTH) network in Brazil, in mid-sized 
cities outside the state of Sao Paulo, through a joint venture entity, FiBrasil Infraestrutura e Fibra 
Ótica S.A. ("FiBrasil"). FiBrasil will operate as an independent open-access wholesale company. 
In terms of the shareholding structure of FiBrasil, upon closing of the transaction, Telefónica Group 
and CDPQ will each hold 50% in FiBrasil under a co-control governance model. Telefónica 
Group's 50% participation will be held through Telefónica Brasil, S.A. and Telefónica Infra, 
S.L.U., each holding a stake of 25%. Telefónica Brasil, S.A. will contribute approximately 1.6 
million FTTH homes passed and will be the anchor tenant of FiBrasil. 
The terms of the transaction encompass a total investment by CDPQ of up to 1.8 billion of Brazilian 
reals (approximately 267 million euros at the exchange rate as of the date of the agreement), 
comprising payments to both Telefónica Brasil, S.A. and FiBrasil, for a 50% stake in FiBrasil and

--- Page 100 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 90 - 
70-41013597 
 
also certain payments to be made by Telefónica Infra, S.L.U., in equivalent economic terms, for a 
25% stake in FiBrasil. 
CDPQ's capital contributions, in addition to the expected leverage to be raised by the joint venture, 
will provide a fully funded business plan to accomplish FiBrasil's deployment targets (to reach 
around 5.5 million FTTH homes passed in 4 years). 
Among other conditions, the transaction is subject to obtaining the corresponding authorizations 
from the regulatory authorities. 
• 
On 9 March 2021, Telefónica Participaciones, S.A.U. redeemed 600 million euros of its equity-
linked notes issued on 9 March 2016. These notes were guaranteed by Telefónica, S.A. On the 
same date Telefónica, S.A. made the full repayment of the principal of the loan granted by 
Telefónica Participaciones, S.A.U. of similar amount, terms and conditions. 
• 
On 12 March 2021, Colombia Telecomunicaciones, S.A. ESP partially redeemed 100 million U.S. 
dollars of its bilateral loan, signed on 18 March 2020 and maturing in March 2025.  
• 
On 18 March 2021, Telefónica, S.A. called the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting (the 
"Meeting") to be held exclusively through telematic means at 11:00 a.m. on 23 April 2021 on 
second call, in the event that the legally required quorum is not reached and therefore the Meeting 
cannot be held on the first call that is hereby scheduled for 22 April 2021 at the same time.  
• 
On March 26, 2021, Telefónica, S.A. signed a new bilateral loan of 200 million euros maturing on 
March 31, 2022. On the same date Telefónica, S.A. drew down 200 million euros of its bilateral 
loan. 
Business Overview 
Highlights 
2020 highlights 
In 2020, Telefónica continued capturing and retaining high-value customers focusing on customer 
experiences and the strength of its infrastructure. 
Telefónica's total accesses totaled 345.4 million as of 31 December 2020, with an improvement in the 
customer mix. Customer commitment improved, resulting in a lower churn, and total accesses increased by 
0.3% year-on-year, mainly due to the increase in postpay mobile accesses in Telefónica Brazil and 
Telefónica Germany. Year-on-year access growth was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses over the past two years as of December 31 of such years: 
ACCESSES 
 
2019 
2020 
% Reported YoY 
Thousands of accesses 
 
 
 
Fixed telephony accesses(1) ....................................................  
31,285.4 
28,243.0
(9.7%) 
Broadband(2) ..........................................................................  
20,837.1 
20,077.2
(3.6%) 
UBB ...................................................................................  
14,280.9 
15,212.8
6.5% 
FTTH ..............................................................................  
8,223.5 
9,964.2
21.2% 
Mobile accesses(3) ..................................................................  
261,532.9 
266,287.1
1.8% 
Prepay ................................................................................  
131,787.1 
131,542.0
(0.2%) 
Contract..............................................................................  
105,970.7 
108,587.5
2.5% 
IoT .....................................................................................  
23,775.0 
26,157.7
10.0% 
Pay TV ..................................................................................  
8,437.1 
8,059.5
(4.5%) 
Retail Accesses .....................................................................  
322,422.2 
322,978.5
0.2% 
Wholesale Accesses ..............................................................  
21,912.7 
22,455.0
2.5% 
Fixed wholesale accesses ...................................................  
3,822.8 
3,722.8
(2.6%) 
Mobile wholesale accesses .................................................  
18,089.9 
18,732.1
3.6% 
Total Accesses ......................................................................  
344,334.9 
345,433.5
0.3% 
 _______________  
- 
The table includes accesses for Telefónica Costa Rica (2.2 million and 2.5 million total accesses as of 31 December 2019 and 
2020, respectively). The sale of Telefónica Costa Rica is pending as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(1) Includes fixed wireless and VoIP accesses.

--- Page 101 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 91 - 
70-41013597 
 
(2) 2020 "Broadband" accesses are reported as an independent category which includes UBB and FTTH accesses due to the 
increased focus on these key products. Narrowband and data accesses (which were previously included in "Internet and data 
accesses") are directly included in "Retail Accesses" and are not separately shown. 2019 figures included in this section have 
been revised accordingly for comparative purposes.  
(3) 2020 "Mobile accesses" show "IoT" accesses as an independent category within "Mobile accesses" due to its increasing weight. 
"IoT" accesses include both postpay and prepay IoT accesses and, therefore, are not comparable to the "M2M" accesses reported 
in prior years, which only included postpay accesses (given the limited relevance of prepay accesses in prior years). 2019 figures 
included in this section have been revised accordingly for comparative purposes.  
The table below shows the evolution of accesses by segment: 
 
% Over Total Accesses 
 
YoY variation 
2019 
2020 
Accesses 2020 
 
 
 
Telefónica Spain ........................................................................................ 
(1.3%) 
12.2% 
12.0% 
Telefónica United Kingdom ...................................................................... 
4.8% 
10.1% 
10.6% 
Telefónica Germany .................................................................................. 
1.1% 
14.0% 
14.1% 
Telefónica Brazil ....................................................................................... 
1.5% 
27.2% 
27.5% 
Telefónica Hispam ..................................................................................... 
(2.0%) 
32.1% 
31.4% 
Other companies(1) ..................................................................................... 
1.1% 
4.3% 
4.4% 
 _______________  
(1) Includes Central American operations. 
Mobile accesses totaled 266.3 million as of 31 December 2020, increasing by 1.8% compared to 2019, 
mainly as a result of the increase in postpay mobile accesses, up by 2.5% year-on-year and whose weight 
over total mobile accesses (excluding IoT accesses) increased to 45.2% (+0.6 p.p. year-on-year). By region, 
the increase was mainly due to the growth of prepay and postpay mobile accesses in Telefónica Brazil and 
the increase in postpay accesses in Telefónica Germany, which offset the overall decrease in prepay mobile 
accesses mainly in Telefónica Germany and Telefónica Hispam, due to the market dynamics and the 
ongoing prepay to contract migration trend. Year-on-year evolution was impacted by the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
Fixed broadband accesses stood at 20.1 million at 31 December 2020, down 3.6% year-on-year, as a result 
of the reduction of legacy accesses, partially offset by the growth in UBB accesses, which stood at 15.2 
million at 31 December 2020, growing by 6.5% compared to 31 December 2019. FTTH reached 10.0 
million accesses at 31 December 2020, increasing by 21.2% year-on-year, representing 49.6% of fixed 
broadband accesses (+10.2 p.p. y-o-y) and 65.5% of UBB accesses (+7.9 p.p. y-o-y). 
Pay TV accesses totaled 8.1 million as of 31 December 2020, down 4.5% year-on-year mainly due to the 
decrease in lower value customers in Spain and legacy erosion (DTH) in Peru.

--- Page 102 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 92 - 
70-41013597 
 
2020/2019 Segment results 
TELEFÓNICA SPAIN 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses in Telefónica Spain over the past two years as of December 
31 of such years: 
ACCESSES 
 
2019 
2020 
%Reported 
YoY 
Thousands of accesses 
 
 
 
Fixed telephony accesses(1) ........................................................................................... 
9,024.1
8,731.0 
(3.2%) 
Broadband(2) ................................................................................................................. 
6,023.4
5,961.9 
(1.0%) 
FTTH ........................................................................................................................ 
4,325.0
4,614.1 
6.7% 
Mobile accesses(3) ......................................................................................................... 
18,916.9
18,977.8 
0.3% 
Prepay ....................................................................................................................... 
1,137.2
888.1 
(21.9%) 
Contract..................................................................................................................... 
15,158.8
15,383.7 
1.5% 
IoT ............................................................................................................................ 
2,620.8
2,706.0 
3.2% 
Pay TV ......................................................................................................................... 
4,073.8
3,934.5 
(3.4%) 
Retail Accesses ............................................................................................................ 
38,049.5
37,615.1 
(1.1%) 
Wholesale Accesses ..................................................................................................... 
3,788.2
3,689.5 
(2.6%) 
Total Accesses ............................................................................................................. 
41,837.7
41,304.6 
(1.3%) 
 _______________  
(1) Includes "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
(2) 2020 "Broadband" accesses are reported as an independent category which includes UBB and FTTH accesses due to the 
increased focus on these key products. Narrowband and data accesses (which were previously included in "Internet and data 
accesses") are directly included in "Retail Accesses" and are not separately shown. 2019 figures included in this section have 
been revised accordingly for comparative purposes.  
(3) 2020 "Mobile accesses" show "IoT" accesses as an independent category within "Mobile accesses" due to its increasing weight. 
"IoT" accesses include both postpay and prepay IoT accesses and, therefore, are not comparable to the "M2M" accesses reported 
in prior years, which only included postpay accesses (given the limited relevance of prepay accesses in prior years). 2019 figures 
included in this section have been revised accordingly for comparative purposes.  
Telefónica Spain's 2020 results were significantly impacted by the imposition of strict measures to prevent 
the spread of COVID-19, especially during the second quarter 2020. Restrictions were first imposed before 
the start of the second quarter, significantly affecting commercial activity (approximately 90% of 
Telefónica-branded stores were closed in March and April 2020; approximately 50% were closed in May 
of 2020), interrupting all sports competitions (importantly, football, which restarted in mid-June of 2020) 
and suspending portability (i.e., the switching of service providers by clients; especially in the fixed service 
until the end of May of 2020). The population was locked down for most of the second quarter of 2020. 
Telefónica responded to these challenges by leveraging the strength of the largest FTTH network in Europe 
to provide reliable service throughout the COVID-19 pandemic crisis and taking unprecedented steps to 
support society and show solidarity with its communities and customers. 
During 2020, the commercial activity continued to rely on the differentiated services offered by the 
company, with a multi brand strategy (Movistar, O2) to serve different market segments. In addition, during 
the first half of 2020, Telefónica introduced changes to its portfolio to strengthen its relationship with clients 
and reach new market segments. Some of these changes are described below. 
Movistar Prosegur Alarmas, the joint venture of Prosegur and Telefónica, launched its first commercial 
offer for the alarm market in Spain. Unlike similar products in the market, customers do not have to pay 
any initial fee and there is no minimum commitment term. The service includes the installation of an alarm 
which is connected to an alarm reception center, a video surveillance system and a connection to the 
Movistar Prosegur Alarmas mobile app. In addition, it is the only product to offer Acudas, an immediate 
intervention service which sends a private security guard to the customer's house in the event of a security 
incident. 
In addition, Disney+ content was added to the "Fusión offer", following the signing on 8 March 2020 of 
an agreement between The Walt Disney Company Iberia and Telefónica, pursuant to which Movistar 
became the strategic distributor of Disney+ in Spain. With this agreement with the world's leading 
entertainment company, Movistar added Disney+ titles to its rich catalogue of original content, which is 
accessible through the streaming service that gives access to more than 1,000 movies, series and programs 
from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, National Geographic and much more. Disney+ has been included 
in the "Fusión packages" featuring fiction content such as "Fusión Selección Plus Ficción", "Fusión Total" 
and "Fusión Total Plus", and in general in all those "Fusion products" that incorporate the Ficción package.

--- Page 103 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 93 - 
70-41013597 
 
In addition, Movistar+ has launched a new "Cine" (Movies) package which, among other products, will 
include Disney+. 
Moreover, unlimited data was provided to more than three million customers (as part of the most complete 
Fusion packages) at no additional cost, in response to the increased demand for data consumption, which 
has reached record levels as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic. Clients of Fusión Selección La 
Liga or Champions, Fusión + Ocio, Fusión + Futbol and Fusión Pro have also been able to enjoy unlimited 
data, calls and SMSs for 5 euros extra per month. Unlimited data plans are also available for customers 
who only want a plan for their mobile devices. 
In October 2020, Movistar Health was launched. This is an online telemedicine service aimed at, among 
other services, allowing users to connect to a primary care doctor anywhere, anytime, 24 hours a day, 7 
days a week. Movistar Health also offers plans for companies, adapted to their needs according to their size 
and requirements. 
The Group also launched the 5G network. 
Telefónica Spain had 41.3 million accesses as of 31 December 2020 (-1.3% as compared to 31 December 
2019), as a result of the commercial slowdown driven mainly by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The convergent offer (residential and SMEs) had a customer base of 4.8 million customers as of 31 
December 2020, a decrease of 0.3% y-o-y. 
Retail fixed accesses totaled 8.7 million and decreased 3.2% as compared to 31 December 2019, with a 
net loss of 293 thousand accesses in 2020. 
Retail broadband accesses totaled 6.0 million (-1.0% y-o-y), with a net loss of 61 thousand accesses 
during 2020. 
Retail fiber (FTTH) accesses reached 4.6 million customers (+6.7% as compared to 31 December 2019), 
representing 77.4% of total retail broadband customers (+5.6 p.p. y-o-y) with net adds of 289 thousand 
accesses in 2020. At 31 December 2020, fiber deployment reached 25.2 million premises, 2.1 million more 
than at 31 December 2019, and it continues to be the largest in Europe. 
Total retail mobile accesses stood at 19.0 million as of 31 December 2020, an increase of 0.3% as compared 
to 31 December 2019 as a result of the increase in mobile contract accesses that more than offset the 
decrease in prepay accesses (-21.9% y-o-y), reflecting the success of the convergent strategy and the 
positive performance of the migration from prepay to postpay. The contract access base accelerated its 
growth during 2020, growing by 1.5% year-on-year. 
Pay TV accesses reached 3.9 million at 31 December 2020, decreasing 3.4% year-on-year. 
Wholesale accesses stood at 3.7 million at 31 December 2020, down 2.6% year-on-year due to the decrease 
in non-fiber wholesale accesses. Wholesale fiber accesses (70% of total wholesale accesses at 31 December 
2020 compared with 57% at 31 December 2019) were up 20.6% year-on-year.

--- Page 104 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 94 - 
70-41013597 
 
TELEFÓNICA UNITED KINGDOM 
On 7 May 2020, Telefónica reached an agreement with Liberty Global plc to combine their respective 
operating businesses in the United Kingdom into a 50:50 joint venture, resulting in an integrated 
telecommunications operator with over 46 million video, broadband and mobile subscribers and an 
estimated aggregate revenues of approximately 11 billion pounds sterling. The transaction is subject to 
regulatory approvals and other closing conditions. For additional information, see “Strategic Partnerships- 
Creation of 50:50 JV with Liberty Global for the combination of both group’s businesses in the United 
Kingdom”.  
In accordance with IFRS 5, the companies included within the scope of the transaction have been 
recognized as a disposal group held for sale. Therefore: 
• 
The consolidated assets and liabilities subject to the transaction have been reclassified under ''Non-
current assets and disposal groups held for sale'' and ''Liabilities associated with non-current assets 
and disposal groups held for sale'', respectively, in the consolidated statement of financial position 
at 31 December 2020. 
• 
The related non-current assets ceased to be amortized and depreciated for accounting purposes 
once they were reclassified as assets held for sale. 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses in Telefónica United Kingdom over the past two years as 
of December 31 of such years: 
ACCESSES 
 
2019 
2019 
%Reported 
YoY 
Thousands of accesses 
 
 
 
Fixed telephony accesses(1) .......................................................................................... 
313.3
320.4
2.3% 
Broadband(2) ................................................................................................................ 
28.9
29.2
1.2% 
Mobile accesses(3) ........................................................................................................ 
25,803.3
26,980.7
4.6% 
Prepay ...................................................................................................................... 
8,436.1
8,117.4
(3.8%) 
Contract.................................................................................................................... 
12,248.5
12,372.7
1.0% 
IoT ........................................................................................................................... 
5,118.7
6,490.6
26.8% 
Retail Accesses ........................................................................................................... 
26,145.5
27,330.3
4.5% 
Wholesale Accesses .................................................................................................... 
8,714.7
9,210.9
5.7% 
Total Accesses ............................................................................................................ 
34,860.2
36,541.2
4.8% 
 ________________________  
(1) Includes "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
(2) 2020 "Broadband" accesses are reported as an independent category which includes UBB and FTTH accesses due to the increased 
focus on these key products. Narrowband and data accesses (which were previously included in "Internet and data accesses") are 
directly included in "Retail Accesses" and are not separately shown. 2019 figures included in this section have been revised 
accordingly for comparative purposes.  
(3) 2020 "Mobile accesses" show "IoT" accesses as an independent category within "Mobile accesses" due to its increasing weight. 
"IoT" accesses include both postpay and prepay IoT accesses and, therefore, are not comparable to the "M2M" accesses reported 
in prior years, which only included postpay accesses (given the limited relevance of prepay accesses in prior years). 2019 figures 
included in this section have been revised accordingly for comparative purposes.  
During 2020, throughout the COVID-19 health crisis which led to a lockdown of the UK population since 
the end of March 2020 and despite a competitive environment, Telefónica United Kingdom remained as 
the favorite telecommunications operator in United Kingdom (Source: CCS Insight), a position 
underpinned by the strength of the O2 brand, customer loyalty, successful commercial propositions, 
network reliability and good customer service. Such value propositions have allowed the company to 
achieve continuous customer growth in most market segments in a competitive market. 
Total accesses grew by 4.8% year-on-year, standing at 36.5 million at 31 December 2020. 
Mobile net additions in 2020 reached 1.1 million accesses, mainly driven by the increase in IoT accesses, 
which grew by 26.8% mainly boosted by the program "Smart Metering" (SMIP). Contract mobile accesses 
grew by 1.0% y-o-y to 12.4 million at 31 December 2020 despite the closure of stores for several months 
in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Prepay accesses decreased by 3.8% y-o-y to 8.1 million customers at 31 December 2020, mainly as a result 
of the continued migration from prepay to contract mobile accesses and the impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic.

--- Page 105 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 95 - 
70-41013597 
 
TELEFÓNICA GERMANY 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses in Telefónica Germany over the past two years as of 
December 31 of such years: 
ACCESSES 
 
2019 
2020 
%Reported 
YoY 
Thousands of accesses 
 
 
 
Fixed telephony accesses(1) ............................................................................................ 
2,129.5
2,180.2
2.4% 
Broadband(2) .................................................................................................................. 
2,206.6
2,261.1
2.5% 
UBB ........................................................................................................................... 
1,652.0
1,797.8
8.8% 
Mobile accesses(3) .......................................................................................................... 
43,826.8
44,274.8
1.0% 
Prepay ........................................................................................................................ 
20,096.2
19,283.3
(4.0%) 
Contract...................................................................................................................... 
22,538.8
23,581.3
4.6% 
IoT(4)........................................................................................................................... 
1,191.8
1,410.1
18.3% 
Retail Accesses .........................................................................................................................................................................  
48,258.0
48,804.7
1.1% 
Total Accesses...........................................................................................................................................................................  
48,258.0
48,804.7
1.1% 
 ________________________  
(1) 
Includes "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
(2) 2020 "Broadband" accesses are reported as an independent category which includes UBB and FTTH accesses due to the increased 
focus on these key products. Narrowband and data accesses (which were previously included in "Internet and data accesses") are 
directly included in "Retail Accesses" and are not separately shown. 2019 figures included in this section have been revised 
accordingly for comparative purposes.  
(3) 2020 "Mobile accesses" show "IoT" accesses as an independent category within "Mobile accesses" due to its increasing weight. 
"IoT" accesses include both postpay and prepay IoT accesses and, therefore, are not comparable to the "M2M" accesses reported 
in prior years, which only included postpay accesses (given the limited relevance of prepay accesses in prior years). 2019 figures 
included in this section have been revised accordingly for comparative purposes.   
(4) Impacted by the disconnection of 67 thousand inactive IoT accesses in the second quarter of 2019. 
In 2020, Telefónica Germany had a good performance despite the COVID-19 pandemic, with trading 
dynamics recovering to close to pre-pandemic levels by the end of 2020 and churn reaching historical low 
levels. This performance was supported by network quality improvements. In a dynamic competitive 
environment, the O2 Free portfolio continued to show positive momentum and visible ARPU-accretive 
effects, while COVID-19-related travel restrictions impacted roaming revenues. 
Telefónica Germany's key milestones in 2020 were as follows: 
• 
The company announced the spin-off and sale of approximately 10.1 thousand mobile sites to 
Telxius for a total purchase price of 1.5 billion euros, gaining further financial flexibility. 
• 
The company's 5G network became operational in 15 cities, targeting more than 30% and 
approximately 50% population coverage by the end of 2021 and 2022, respectively, and close to 
full coverage by the end of 2025. 
• 
Telefónica Germany's network was awarded for the first time a 'very good' rating in the most 
relevant network test of "Connect magazine" and also was ranked #1 in the Connect magazine's 
shop test. 
The total access base grew 1.1% year-on-year and stood at 48.8 million at 31 December 2020, mainly 
driven by a 1.0% increase in the mobile accesses base, which reached 44.3 million. 
The contract mobile customer base grew 4.6% year-on-year and reached 23.6 million accesses, increasing 
the share over the total mobile accesses base to 53.3%. Net adds reached 1.0 million accesses mainly driven 
by the good performance of the O2 Free tariff portfolio, which features popular tariffs, continued data usage 
and churn improvement. O2 contract churn registered historical lows. 
The prepay mobile customer base decreased 4.0% year-on-year to 19.3 million accesses, reflecting the 
ongoing prepay to contract migration trends in the market. The prepay segment posted a net loss of 0.8 
million customers in 2020. 
The broadband accesses reached 2.3 million accesses (up 2.5% y-o-y) and increased by 55 thousand 
accesses in 2020, as a result of the continued robust demand for VDSL, with net adds of 146 thousand 
accesses in 2020 (+30.8% y-o-y).

--- Page 106 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 96 - 
70-41013597 
 
TELEFÓNICA BRAZIL 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses in Telefónica Brazil over the past two years as of 
December 31 of such years: 
ACCESSES 
 
2019 
2020 
%Reported 
YoY 
Thousands of accesses 
 
 
 
Fixed telephony accesses(1) ................................................................................................ 
10,817.0
8,994.8
(16.8%)
Broadband(2) ...................................................................................................................... 
6,938.9
6,315.0
(9.0%)
UBB ............................................................................................................................... 
5,022.8
5,084.2
1.2%
FTTH ............................................................................................................................. 
2,477.4
3,377.7
36.3%
Mobile accesses(3) .............................................................................................................. 
74,573.1
78,523.7
5.3%
Prepay ............................................................................................................................ 
31,408.0
33,662.5
7.2%
Contract.......................................................................................................................... 
33,075.3
34,418.2
4.1%
IoT ................................................................................................................................. 
10,089.8
10,443.0
3.5%
Pay TV .............................................................................................................................. 
1,319.7
1,247.7
(5.5%)
IPTV .................................................................................................................................. 
714.5
890.8
24.7%
Retail Accesses ................................................................................................................. 
93,718.9
95,145.0
1.5%
Total Accesses .................................................................................................................. 
93,732.3
95,157.9
1.5%
 _______________  
(1) 
Includes "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
(2) 2020 "Broadband" accesses are reported as an independent category which includes UBB and FTTH accesses due to the increased 
focus on these key products. Narrowband and data accesses (which were previously included in "Internet and data accesses") are 
directly included in "Retail Accesses" and are not separately shown. 2019 figures included in this section have been revised 
accordingly for comparative purposes.  
(3) 2020 "Mobile accesses" show "IoT" accesses as an independent category within "Mobile accesses" due to its increasing weight. 
"IoT" accesses include both postpay and prepay IoT accesses and, therefore, are not comparable to the "M2M" accesses reported 
in prior years, which only included postpay accesses (given the limited relevance of prepay accesses in prior years). 2019 figures 
included in this section have been revised accordingly for comparative purposes.  
In 2020, Telefónica Brazil maintained its leadership in the higher mobile value segments, leading the 
contract segment as of 31 December 2020 (source: ANATEL), which has allowed Telefónica Brazil to 
support its mobile service revenues (in local currency) and mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In the fixed business, Telefónica Brazil continued to focus on the implementation of strategic technologies, 
such as fiber, which permitted it to capture high-value clients in the Internet Protocol Television (IPTV), 
and partially offset the continued decrease in the traditional fixed business. 
Telefónica Brazil reached 95.2 million accesses as of 31 December 2020, 1.5% higher than as of 31 
December 2019, due to the sustained growth in the mobile business, both postpay and prepay, UBB and 
IPTV, which more than offset the decline in the fixed voice business (due to the continued migration from 
fixed to mobile, driven by unlimited voice offers in the market), the contraction of the lower-value fixed 
broadband customer base and the loss of DTH customers as a result of the discontinuation of legacy 
technologies. 
In the mobile business, Telefónica Brazil maintained its leadership in terms of total accesses, with a market 
share of 33.6% as of 31 December 2020 (source: ANATEL), growing both in terms of contract customers 
(+4.1% year-on-year) and prepay accesses (+7.2% year-on-year). Telefónica Brazil continued to 
strategically focus on high-value customers, reaching a market share of 37.7% in the contract segment as 
of 31 December 2020 (source: ANATEL). Contract commercial offers focused on data plans, with 
improved quotas and roaming terms (Vivo Travel World). The Vivo Selfie plan was also launched, with a 
25GB data allowance plus 25GB for use in our customers' favorite app (Spotify, Rappi, Netflix or 
Premiere). High-value customers' offer is focused on family plans, which remained unchanged. In the 
prepay segment, Telefónica Brazil offers unlimited off-net minutes, unlimited WhatsApp use, and extra 
data allowances (VIVO pre-turbo). All of this has been supported by the interaction with customers through 
the Group's virtual assistant AURA in the Meu VIVO application, transforming customer attention channels 
to improve user experience. 
In the fixed business, Telefónica Brazil maintained its strategic focus on fiber deployment, reaching 24.5 
million premises passed with FTTx as of 31 December 2020 and 5.1 million connected homes, which 
increased 1.2% y-o-y, compensating in part for the decrease in fiber to the curb (FTTC) with the growth of 
fiber. Telefónica Brazil is implementing alternative deployment models to accelerate fiber expansion with 
lower CapEx requirements and a shorter "time to market" period. Following the agreement with American 
Tower Corporation in Minas Gerais and the development of a "franchise" model in smaller cities,

--- Page 107 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 97 - 
70-41013597 
 
Telefónica Brazil reached an agreement with Phoenix Fiber (Group Phoenix Towers) in the states of Minas 
Gerais, Espírito Santo and Goiás for the joint development of the FTTH network. Telefónica Brazil reached 
3.4 million premises connected with fiber by the end of 2020, growing by 36.3% year-on-year. However, 
this growth did not offset the decrease in other broadband accesses, such as ADSL, which placed retail 
broadband accesses at 6.3 million as of 31 December 2020, decreasing by 9.0% year-on-year. Traditional 
accesses decreased 16.8% year-on-year due to the aforementioned fixed-mobile substitution. 
Pay TV customers as of 31 December 2020 reached 1.2 million, decreasing 5.5% year-on-year due to a 
more selective commercial activity directed to high-value customers. The decrease in DTH, as a 
consequence of the strategic decision to discontinue its use, was partially offset by the 24.7% growth in 
IPTV accesses. IPTV represented 71.4% of the total Pay TV accesses. 
TELEFÓNICA HISPAM 
The table below shows the evolution of accesses in Telefónica Hispam over the past two years as of 
December 31 of such years: 
ACCESSES 
 
2019 
2020 
% Reported YoY 
Thousands of accesses 
 
 
 
Fixed telephony accesses(1) ..............................................................................  
8,804.2
7,835.0 
(11.0%) 
Broadband(2) ....................................................................................................  
5,564.7
5,447.3 
(2.1%) 
UBB .............................................................................................................  
3,249.6
3,695.0 
13.7% 
FTTH ........................................................................................................  
2,829.6
3,417.6 
20.8% 
Mobile accesses(3) ............................................................................................  
93,137.8
92,204.5 
(1.0%) 
Prepay ..........................................................................................................  
67,286.2
66,206.7 
(1.6%) 
Contract........................................................................................................  
22,243.7
22,000.2 
(1.1%) 
IoT ...............................................................................................................  
3,607.9
3,997.6 
10.8% 
Pay TV ............................................................................................................  
3,015.2
2,856.8 
(5.3%) 
IPTV ............................................................................................................  
335.6
577.7 
72.1% 
Retail Accesses ...............................................................................................  
110,670.3
108,488.6 
(2.0%) 
Total Accesses ................................................................................................  
110,691.5
108,509.1 
(2.0%) 
 _______________  
(1) 
Includes "fixed wireless" and Voice over IP accesses. 
(2) 
2020 "Broadband" accesses are reported as an independent category which includes UBB and FTTH accesses due to the increased 
focus on these key products. Narrowband and data accesses (which were previously included in "Internet and data accesses") are 
directly included in "Retail Accesses" and are not separately shown. 2019 figures included in this section have been revised 
accordingly for comparative purposes.  
(3) 2020 "Mobile accesses" show "IoT" accesses as an independent category within "Mobile accesses" due to its increasing weight. 
"IoT" accesses include both postpay and prepay IoT accesses and, therefore, are not comparable to the "M2M" accesses reported 
in prior years, which only included postpay accesses (given the limited relevance of prepay accesses in prior years). 2019 figures 
included in this section have been revised accordingly for comparative purposes. 
Telefónica Hispam's total accesses amounted to 108.5 million as of 31 December 2020 (-2.0% year-on-
year), as a result of the decrease in both mobile and fixed accesses. 
Mobile accesses amounted to 92.2 million as of 31 December 2020 decreasing by 1.0% y-o-y mainly 
affected by the lower prepay customer base. 
• 
Contract accesses decreased by 1.1% year-on-year due to the decrease in accesses in Peru (-8.2%), 
Argentina (-5.5%) and Ecuador (-4.8%), partially offset by the strong increase in Chile (+11.4%) 
and Colombia (+7.8%). This evolution was partially affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, which 
took its toll on commercial activity. 
• 
Prepay accesses decreased by 1.6% year-on-year, with a net loss of 1.1 million accesses at 31 
December 2020, decreasing in Peru (-660 thousand accesses), Chile (-476 thousand accesses), 
Mexico (-226 thousand accesses) and Venezuela (-151 thousand accesses), offset in part by the 
increases in Ecuador (+346 thousand accesses) and Argentina (+153 thousand accesses). This 
evolution was mainly the result of the line disconnection of accesses with no top-up activity and 
the migration of prepay accesses to postpay accesses in the Chilean market. 
Fixed accesses stood at 7.8 million as of 31 December 2020 (-11.0% year-on-year) with a net loss of 969 
thousand accesses due to the continued erosion of the traditional fixed business.

--- Page 108 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 98 - 
70-41013597 
 
Fixed broadband accesses amounted to 5.5 million as of 31 December 2020 (-2.1% year-on-year). The 
penetration of FBB accesses over fixed accesses stood at 69.5% (+6.3 p.p. y-o-y), as a result of the focus 
on Ultra Broadband (UBB) deployment in the region reaching 3.7 million connected accesses (+13.7% y-
o-y) and 12.0 million premises. The penetration of UBB accesses over fixed broadband accesses stood at 
67.8% (+9.4 p.p. y-o-y). 
Pay TV accesses stood at 2.9 million as of 31 December 2020, decreasing by 5.3% as a result of the net 
loss of 158 thousand customers, negatively impacted by the lower Direct-To-Home (DTH) technology 
accesses due to the change in focus (-326 thousand accesses) and lower cable access base (-74 thousand 
accesses), partially offset by the increase in IPTV (+242 thousand accesses), in which the company is 
placing strategic focus. 
TELXIUS GROUP 
On 13 January 2021, Telxius Group signed an agreement with American Tower Corporation for the sale of 
its telecommunications towers divisions in Europe (Spain and Germany) and in Latin America (Brazil, 
Peru, Chile and Argentina) for 7.7 billion euros, payable in cash. 
The agreement provides for the sale of approximately 30.7 thousand telecommunications tower sites and 
comprises two separate and independent transactions (on one hand, the European business and, on the other 
hand, the Latin American business), setting the respective closings once the corresponding regulatory 
authorizations have been obtained. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other closing 
conditions. In accordance with IFRS 5, the companies included within the scope of the transaction have 
been recognized as a disposal group held for sale as of 31 December 2020. Non-current assets ceased to 
accrue depreciation and amortization expenses since 31 December 2020. 
In the Tower business, Telxius Group acquired 1,909 towers in Brazil in February 2020, doubling the size 
of Telxius Group in the country, and establishing a solid platform to capture the expected growth of the 
Brazilian market. 
Additionally, Telxius Group announced in June 2020 the acquisition of nearly 10,100 sites from Telefónica 
Deutschland for 1,500 million euros, along with the commitment to build 2,400 additional build-to-suit 
(BTS) sites in Germany, the largest market for telecommunications in Europe. The transaction was 
structured in two phases, with the first tranche of approximately 6,000 sites executed in the third quarter of 
2020, and the second tranche, for the remaining sites, expected to close in August 2021. These towers are 
included within the scope of the agreement with American Tower Corporation referred to above.  
In addition, Telxius Group has carried out other inorganic transactions, expanding its land management 
optimization program, strengthening its DAS (Distributed Antenna System) activities, amplifying cellular 
signals in open or closed high density environments, and reinforcing and diversifying its business in the 
different geographies where it operates. 
Excluding inorganic transactions, during 2020 the portfolio of towers grew by 457 additional sites (net of 
decommissions) reaching 26,765 towers as of 31 December 2020 (+45.9% year-on-year) and the number 
of tenants (excluding anchor tenants) grew by 466 additional tenants, achieving a "tenancy ratio" of 1.37x 
excluding acquisitions and 1.28x including acquisitions. 
The following table shows certain key performance indicators of Telxius Group as of 31 December 2019 
and 2020: 
TELXIUS GROUP 
 
2019 
2020 
%Reported YoY 
Units 
 
 
 
Towers .............................................................................................................. 
18,348 
26,765
45.9 % 
Tenants ............................................................................................................. 
24,911 
34,318
37.8 % 
Non anchor tenants ........................................................................................... 
6,563 
7,553
15.1 % 
Tenancy ratio .................................................................................................... 
1.37x 
1.28x 
(0.08x) 
 _______________  
- 
Non anchor tenants refers to tenants other than anchor tenants. 
In the Cable business, average traffic levels of approximately 14 Tbps were reached during 2020 (+36.5% 
compared to the average of 2019), partially as a result of the higher traffic demand resulting from the 
COVID-19 pandemic, which had a positive effect on revenues. In addition, the good commercial

--- Page 109 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 99 - 
70-41013597 
 
momentum continued in 2020, especially in respect of MAREA, a 6,600 km submarine cable with 200Tbps 
capacity connecting Spain (Sopelana) and the United States (Virginia Beach), and the renewal of contracts 
with relevant carriers, mainly in Latin America. In particular, during the third and fourth quarter of 2020, 
contract renewals were signed with various clients, increasing their aggregate estimated net full contract 
value by approximately 620 million U.S. dollars, despite causing a temporary negative effect on revenues 
and OIBDA (as a result of the decrease in annual fees set forth in the agreements). 
Finally, during 2020, Telxius Group joined the supply contract with Subcom to build the South Pacific 
Subsea Cable System, as an additional purchaser together with América Móvil, to build a new cable system 
in the Pacific from Guatemala to Chile, with additional landing points in Ecuador, Peru and Chile, with a 
view to renewing and upgrading Telxius Group's cable infrastructure and achieving significant savings.

--- Page 110 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 100 - 
70-41013597 
 
Telefonica's services and products 
New digital technologies are the main driving force of social and economic transformation today. This 
premise is the basis upon which the Group builds its vision: the Group aims to provide access to digital life, 
using the best technology and without leaving anyone behind. 
Connectivity is the means by which the Group seeks to reduce  the digital divide and, due to the Group's  
fixed and mobile network infrastructure and the services it  develops around it, the Group believes it can 
aid progress in the communities in which it operates.  
To move towards this vision, Telefónica works on three basic fronts: 
1. 
Providing access to technology through digital inclusion, in other words, by means of network roll-
out and an accessible and affordable offer for all sectors of the population. 
2. 
Developing innovative services that add value to the Group's connectivity and which the Group 
develops through innovation: Big Data, the Internet of Things (IoT), eHealth, digital education and 
eFinances. 
3. 
Incorporating sustainability principles across all of the Group's product development processes. 
Mobile business 
Telefónica offers a wide variety of mobile and related services and products to personal and business 
customers. Although they vary from country to country, Telefónica's principal services and products are as 
follows: 
• 
Mobile voice services: One of the main Telefónica's services in all of its markets is mobile voice 
telephony. 
• 
Value added services: Customers in most of the markets have access to a range of enhanced 
mobile calling features, including voice mail, call on hold, call waiting, call forwarding and three-
way calling. 
• 
Mobile data and Internet services: Current data services offered include Short Messaging 
Services, or SMS, and Multimedia Messaging Services, or MMS, which allow customers to send 
messages with images, photographs, sound recordings and video recordings. Customers may also 
receive selected information, such as news, sports scores and stock quotes. Telefónica also provides 
mobile broadband connectivity and Internet access. Through mobile Internet access, customers are 
able to send and receive e-mail, browse the Internet and access real-time available entertainment 
services (such as video and audio streaming), download games, purchase goods and services in m-
commerce transactions and use Telefónica's other data and software services. 
• 
Wholesale services: Telefónica has signed network usage agreements with several MVNOs in 
different countries. 
• 
Corporate services: Telefónica provides business solutions, including mobile infrastructure in 
offices, private networking and portals for corporate customers that provide flexible online billing. 
• 
Roaming: Roaming agreements allow Telefónica customers to use their mobile handsets when 
they are outside their service territories, including on an international basis. 
• 
Fixed wireless: Telefónica provides fixed voice telephony services through mobile networks in 
Brazil, Venezuela, Argentina, Peru, Mexico, Ecuador and El Salvador. Until 24 January 2019 and 
16 May 2019, Telefónica also provided these services in Guatemala and Nicaragua, respectively. 
• 
Trunking and paging: Telefónica provides digital mobile services for closed user groups of 
clients and paging services in Spain and most of the regions in which it operates in Latin America.

--- Page 111 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 101 - 
70-41013597 
 
Fixed-line telephony business 
The principal services Telefónica offers in its fixed businesses in Europe and Latin America are: 
• 
Traditional fixed telecommunication services: Telefónica's traditional fixed telecommunication 
services include PSTN lines; ISDN accesses; public telephone services; local, domestic and 
international 
long-distance 
and 
fixed-to-mobile 
communications 
services; 
corporate 
communications services; supplementary value added services (including call waiting, call 
forwarding, voice and text messaging, advanced voicemail services and conference-call facilities); 
video telephony; business oriented value-added services; intelligent network services; leasing and 
sale of handset equipment; and telephony information services. 
• 
Internet and broadband multimedia services: the principal Internet and broadband multimedia 
services include Internet provider service; portal and network services; retail and wholesale 
broadband access through ADSL, narrowband switched access and other technologies. Telefónica 
also offers high-speed Internet services through fiber to the home (FTTH) in certain markets 
(primarily Spain, Brazil and Chile) and VDSL-based services (primarily Spain and Germany). 
Telefónica also offers VoIP services in some markets. 
• 
Data and business-solutions services: the data and business-solutions services principally include 
leased lines; virtual private network, or VPN, services; fiber optics services; the provision of 
hosting and application, including web hosting, managed hosting, content delivery and application, 
and security services; outsourcing and consultancy services, including network management, or 
CGP; and desktop services and system integration and professional services. 
• 
Wholesale services for telecommunication operators: the wholesale services for 
telecommunication operators principally include domestic interconnection services; international 
wholesale services; leased lines for other operators; and local loop leasing under the unbundled 
local loop regulation framework. It also includes bit stream services, wholesale line rental accesses 
and leased ducts for other operators' fiber deployment and other agreements to provide wholesale 
access to the Group's fixed infrastructure. 
Digital services 
The main highlights in services developed by Telefónica Digital are: 
• 
Video/TV services: Interactive TV services in High Definition (HD) or Ultra High Definition 
(UHD), using several technologies (IPTV, DTH, CATV and OTT) on various types of networks 
(Fiber, Satellite, Cable or Mobile Networks). These services can be provided through a variety of 
devices (TV with STBs, Smart TVs, PCs, Smartphones, Tablets, etc.), allowing also the Multiroom 
function (customers can watch different TV channels in different rooms or different devices 
simultaneously). The service allows the access to lineal TV content with advanced functions such 
as "Restart TV" (which allows a viewer to watch any content from the beginning), "Last 7 days" 
(recordings of content for the last seven days), "cPvR" (recordings using Cloud computing) and 
"Down to Play" (downloading the content on the device). Customers also have access to the 
content on demand catalogue (Video on Demand or VoD), in "Subscription Video on Demand" 
(SVoD) or "Pay per View" options, as well as access to content of third parties, such as Netflix, 
Amazon, YouTube and HBO, among others. In addition, Telefónica offers accessible content in 
Spain with subtitles, audio description and sign language functionalities through the Movistar+ 5s 
service, which aims to contribute toward the inclusion of disabled people across the country. 
• 
IoT (Internet of Things): Telefónica's Global IoT portfolio includes: 
• 
Smart Connectivity: connectivity services for machines, mainly handled through the Kite 
platform. 
• 
Smart Services: end-to-end solutions that include "device + connectivity + application". 
These business to business solutions are mainly aimed at (i) the mobility management of 
vehicles, assets and/or people, (ii) the support of the retail and industrial sectors and (iii) 
the efficient management of energy consumption in buildings.

--- Page 112 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 102 - 
70-41013597 
 
• 
Consumer IoT: products focused on the B2C segment, including end-to-end services 
around the person (e.g. connected cars, trackers). 
• 
Financial services and other payment services: These services provide customers with access to 
a consumer credit service and payment cards. 
• 
Security services: Telefónica Global Security portfolio includes: 
• 
Electronic Security: services designed to take care of the security and integrity of the 
physical assets of clients, mainly corporate clients (such as nodes and communication 
networks in shopping centers, companies and representative buildings) provided mostly 
by TIS (Telefónica Ingeniería de Seguridad). 
• 
Information Security: products and services that protect information, assets (such as 
communications links, networks, internet access, mail and servers) and fixed and mobile 
devices of end customer users, as well as their digital identity. These products and services 
are provided by combining internally built elements with others based on agreements with 
third parties. 
• 
Cloud services: Telefónica offers a wide range of Cloud services that range from Infrastructure as 
a Service (IaaS) to communications and networking, and Applications and Platforms as a Service 
(SaaS and PaaS). The value proposition includes: (i) IaaS services: Virtual Data Center, based on 
VMware, which facilitates the migration of existing applications to the cloud and hyperscalers 
(such as Amazon Web Service, Azure and Google Cloud Platform) to develop new applications in 
the public cloud; (ii) Unified communications and contact center applications in the Cloud; (iii) 
Cloud networking; (iv) SaaS applications, productivity (Microsoft Office 365), domains, web 
presence and online marketing; and (v) Platforms as a service (SAP, Oracle). 
• 
Advertising: A portfolio of marketing channels that third-party brands can use to acquire and 
engage with customers. Traditional channels such as SMS/MMS messaging may be used alongside 
with new channels like programmatic display and sponsored connectivity. All of which leverage 
on the Group's customer data in order to send messages to the correct target as well as to generate 
post-campaign brand analysis. 
• 
Big Data: Includes products and services designed to enable companies and governments to make 
AI-powered data-driven decisions. The Group's Big Data offer comprises of three main categories: 
(i) "business insights", which provides information for decision-making based on analysis from 
advanced analytical products developed on top of data generated in the Group's network and 
systems; (ii) "consulting and analytics", which includes specialist professional services focused on 
data strategy, data science, data architecture and data engineering; and (iii) "tools and 
infrastructure", which provides advanced technology for data management, storage and 
exploitation. 
• 
Digital Telco Experience: Includes "Novum app", the global solution that aims to provide an end 
to end digital experience to the Group's customers. Its main features include account management, 
e-Care, Explore (monetization), Cloud Phone and Aura interaction. 
• 
Aura: Aura is a virtual assistant equipped with artificial intelligence, enabling interactivity with 
the Group's customers in real time through a simple voice interface. Aura can be used to answer 
questions, top-ups and data usage. It can solve problems and provides other services related to 
communications, connectivity in the home as well as domotics. Aura helps in the 
telecommunications area and is expanding towards different areas out of telecommunications. 
Aura is at present available in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Germany, Spain, the United Kingdom and 
Ecuador. 
• 
Movistar Home ("MH"): Telefónica launched Movistar Home in Spain on 18 October 2018, a 
new device designed around the functionality of Aura and targeted at the Group's Movistar and 
Pay TV customers. Movistar Home is designed to strengthen Telefónica's position by enabling 
highly-converged services and experiences that differentiate the Group from its competitors. 
Movistar Home aims to provide the Group's customers with an enhanced TV experience on IPTV,

--- Page 113 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 103 - 
70-41013597 
 
increased landline functionality (which enables videoconferences), the Group's smart home 
package and games in addition to third-party services. 
• 
Living Apps: is a new channel enabling other companies to offer new consumer experiences on 
the digital home platform. 
Sales and Marketing 
The Group's sales and marketing strategy is aimed toward reinforcing its market position, generating brand 
awareness, promoting customer growth and achieving customer satisfaction. The Group  uses a variety of 
marketing initiatives and programs, including those that focus on customer value, with in-depth market 
segmentation; programs to promote customer loyalty; pricing initiatives aimed toward stimulating usage, 
including segmented packages and innovative tariff options; and initiatives that are responsive to the latest 
market trends, including those aimed toward boosting demand for the Group's  mobile Internet and mobile 
broadband offerings. In connection with these and the Group's other sales and marketing initiatives, the 
Group markets its products through a broad range of channels, including television, radio, billboards, 
telemarketing, direct mail and Internet advertising. The Group also sponsors a variety of local cultural and 
sporting events in order to enhance its brand recognition. 
Competition 
The telecommunications industry is competitive, and consumers generally have a choice of mobile and 
fixed line operators from which to select services. Telefonica Group is a global telecommunications 
services provider and faces significant competition in most of the markets in which the Group operates. In 
Europe, Telefonica's largest competitor is Vodafone and in Latin America, it is América Móvil. Newer 
competitors, including handset manufacturers, MVNOs, Internet companies and software providers, are 
also entering the market and offering integrated communications services. 
The Group competes  in markets on the basis of the price; the quality and range of features of its  services; 
the added value it can offer with its  services; additional services associated with those main services; the 
reliability of the Group's  network infrastructure and its technological attributes; and the desirability of the 
Group's  offerings, including bundled offerings of one type of service with another and, in the case of the 
mobile industry, in some markets offers that include subsidized handsets and handsets sold on installment 
plans. 
To compete effectively with its competitors, the Group needs to successfully market its  products and 
services and to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the relevant markets, such 
as the introduction of new products and services, different pricing strategies and changes in consumer 
preferences. 
Strategic Partnerships 
China Unicom 
Since 2005, the Group has a stake in China Unicom and its predecessor company. On 6 September 2009, 
the Group entered into a strategic alliance agreement with China Unicom, which provided, among other 
things, for cooperation, joint procurement of infrastructure and client equipment, common development of 
mobile service platforms, joint provisions of service to multinational customers, roaming, research and 
development, sharing of best practices and technical, operational and management know-how, joint 
development of strategic initiatives in the area of network evolution, joint participation in international 
alliances and exchanges of senior management. In furtherance of this strategic alliance, the Group entered 
into a subscription agreement with China Unicom, pursuant to which the Group increased its voting interest 
in the share capital of China Unicom to 8.06% and China Unicom obtained a 0.87% voting interest in the 
Group's  share capital in October 2009. 
On 23 January 2011, the Group  entered into an agreement to enhance the strategic alliance with China 
Unicom, under which the Group and China Unicom  agreed to strengthen and deepen the  strategic alliance 
in certain business areas, and committed to investing the equivalent of 500 million U.S. dollars in ordinary 
shares of the other party. Such investments took place along 2011. China Unicom completed the acquisition 
of Telefónica shares on 28 January 2011, giving it ownership of 1.37% of the Company's capital.  The 
Telefónica Group purchased China Unicom shares during 2011 to the amount of 358 million euros. At 31 
December 2011, the Telefónica Group held a 9.57% stake in the company.

--- Page 114 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 104 - 
70-41013597 
 
On 10 June 2012, Telefónica's wholly-owned subsidiary Telefónica Internacional, S.A.U. and a subsidiary 
of China United Network Communications Group Company Limited entered into an agreement for the 
acquisition by the latter of 1,073,777,121 shares of China Unicom owned by Telefónica, equivalent to 
4.56% of its share capital. 
Subsequently, Telefónica has continued to sell down its stake in China Unicom. 
As of 31 December 2020, Telefónica, S.A. held a 0.59% stake in the share capital of China Unicom and 
China Unicom held a 1.24% stake in the Group's share capital. 
Telefónica maintains its commitment to the strategic partnership with China Unicom, strengthened through 
cooperation in digital areas, such as the Big Data joint venture between both companies, Smart Steps Digital 
Technology Co. Ltd., which is a demographic Big Data service provider of urban planning in China. In 
April 2019, JD Digits made a strategic investment through a capital increase in the joint venture, with an 
investment of 100 million yuan (approximately 13.2 million euros) which granted JD Digits a 16.7% stake 
of the joint venture. After the implementation of a 10% Employee Shareholder Program, China Unicom, 
Telefónica and JD Digits hold a 41.25% 33.75%, and 15.00% stake respectively. 
Creation of 50:50 Joint Venture with Liberty Global for the combination of both groups' businesses 
in the United Kingdom 
On 7 May 2020, Telefónica agreed to enter into a 50:50 joint venture with Liberty Global plc ("Liberty 
Global") (the "Joint Venture"). The terms of the Joint Venture are agreed pursuant to a contribution 
agreement dated 7 May 2020 between Telefónica, Telefonica O2 Holdings Limited, Liberty Global, Liberty 
Global Europe 2 Limited and a newly formed entity intended to be the future principal Joint Venture 
company, recently renamed VMED O2 UK Limited (the "Contribution Agreement"). 
Immediately upon completion of the transaction contemplated by the Contribution Agreement, Telefónica 
and Liberty Global will each hold an equal number of shares in the Joint Venture vehicle. At completion, 
Telefónica will contribute its O2 mobile business in the United Kingdom to the Joint Venture. With effect 
no later than completion, Liberty Global will have contributed its Virgin Media business in the United 
Kingdom to the Joint Venture. 
Prior to the completion of the Joint Venture, both Telefónica and Liberty Global will operate their 
businesses independently within the United Kingdom. Completion of the Joint Venture is currently 
expected in mid-2021 but, pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, this is conditional upon antitrust 
clearance (from the Competition and Markets Authority in the United Kingdom) and a financing condition 
relating to the recapitalization of the Joint Venture upon completion. If these conditions are not satisfied 
within twenty-four months following the date of the Contribution Agreement, both parties will have the 
right to terminate the agreement. This is subject to an option to extend the long stop date by six months if 
a prospective shareholder reasonably believes that the conditions will be satisfied in this time frame. 
Investment Agreement with Allianz and Telefónica Germany 
On 29 October 2020, Telefónica Infra Germany GmbH (a subsidiary indirectly wholly-owned by 
Telefónica through Telefónica Infra, S.L.U.) ("TEF Infra Germany") entered into an investment 
agreement (and related contracts, including a partners' agreement which sets forth the principles of 
corporate governance of the joint venture) with several entities belonging to the Allianz Group ("Allianz") 
and Telefónica Germany 1. Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH (a wholly-owned subsidiary of  Telefónica 
Germany GmbH & Co. OHG) ("TEF Germany") for the creation of a joint venture to deploy Fiber-to-the-
Home (FTTH) in Germany, pursuant to which TEF Infra Germany and TEF Germany conditionally agreed 
to invest up to 500 million euros equity in total (400 million euros by TEF Infra Germany and 100 million 
euros by TEF Germany) and Allianz conditionally agreed to invest up to 1,000 million euros through 
different sources of funding over a six-year period. 
The closing of the transaction and the acquisition of the joint control took place on 18 December 2020. The 
registration of Allianz and TEF Germany as limited partners of the joint venture in the German commercial 
registry occurred on 21 January 2021. After the closing of the transaction, the Allianz Group and the 
Telefónica Group each holds 50% in the joint venture under a co-control governance model. Telefónica 
Group's ownership is held through TEF Infra Germany holding 40% and TEF Germany holding a 10% 
stake.

--- Page 115 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 105 - 
70-41013597 
 
Legal Proceedings 
Telefónica and its Group companies are party to several legal proceedings which are currently in progress 
in the courts of law and the arbitration bodies of the various countries in which the Group operates. 
Based on the advice of legal counsel, the Group believes it is reasonable to assume that these legal 
proceedings will not materially affect the financial condition or solvency of the Telefónica Group. 
The following unresolved legal proceedings or those underway in 2020 are highlighted (see "—(b) Tax 
Proceedings" below and Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on significant 
tax-related cases). 
Appeal against the decision by Agencia Nacional de Telecomunicações ("ANATEL") regarding the 
inclusion of interconnection and network usage revenues in the Fundo de Universalização de Serviços 
de Telecomunicações ("FUST") 
Vivo Group operators (currently "Telefónica Brasil"), together with other cellular operators, appealed 
ANATEL's decision of 16 December 2005, to include interconnection and network usage revenues and 
expenses in the calculation of the amounts payable into the FUST (Fundo de Universalização de Serviços 
de Telecomunicações) –a fund which pays for the obligations to provide Universal Service– with retroactive 
application from 2000. On 13 March 2006, Regional Federal Court no. 1. granted a precautionary measure 
which stopped the application of ANATEL's decision. On 6 March 2007, a ruling in favor of the wireless 
operators was issued, stating that it was not appropriate to include the revenues received by transfer from 
other operators in the taxable income for the FUST's calculation and rejecting the retroactive application of 
ANATEL's decision. On 26 January 2016, ANATEL filed an appeal to overturn this decision with Brasilia 
Regional Federal Court no. 1, which was also dismissed. On 10 May 2017 ANATEL appealed to the higher 
courts on the merits of the case. 
At the same time, Telefónica Brasil and Telefónica Empresas, S.A., together with other wireline operators 
through ABRAFIX (Associação Brasileira de Concessionárias de Serviço Telefonico Fixo Comutado) 
appealed ANATEL's decision of 16 December 2005, also obtaining the precautionary measures requested. 
On 21 June 2007, Federal Regional Court no. 1 ruled that it was not appropriate to include the 
interconnection and network usage revenues in the FUST's taxable income and rejected the retroactive 
application of ANATEL's decision. ANATEL filed an appeal to overturn this ruling on 29 April 2008, 
before Brasilia Federal Regional Court no. 1, which was dismissed on 10 May 2016. ANATEL filed an 
appeal against this dismissal. 
The fixed operators filed an appeal to clarify that revenues obtained through interconnection and dedicated 
line operation should not be included in the calculation of the amounts payable to the FUST. In addition, 
the court was also requested to rule on two grounds which had not been analyzed in the initial decision: (i) 
that the FUST has become obsolete, among other reasons, by the advance of mobile telephony; and (ii) that 
amounts collected are not applied to the purpose for which the FUST was created, since only a very low 
percentage of the revenues collected by the FUST is used to finance fixed telephony. Although the petition 
for clarification was dismissed on 23 August 2016, the court noted that the FUST should not be funded 
with revenues from interconnection and dedicated line operation. ABRAFIX appealed to the higher courts 
on these two elements that had not been analyzed. ANATEL appealed all the holdings of the ruling to the 
higher courts. 
The amount of the claim is quantified at 1% of the interconnection revenues. 
Appeal against the Decision of the European Commission dated 23 January 2013, to sanction 
Telefónica for the infringement of Article 101 of the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union 
On 19 January 2011, the European Commission initiated formal proceedings to investigate whether 
Telefónica, S.A. (Telefónica) and Portugal Telecom SGPS, S.A. (Portugal Telecom) had infringed 
European Union anti-trust laws with respect to a clause contained in the sale and purchase agreement of 
Portugal Telecom's ownership interest in Brasilcel, N.V., a joint venture in which both companies were 
venturers and which was the owner of the Brazilian company Vivo. 
On 23 January 2013, the European Commission passed a ruling on the formal proceedings. The ruling 
imposed a fine on Telefónica in the amount of 67 million euros, as the European Commission ruled that 
Telefónica and Portugal Telecom committed an infraction of Article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning

--- Page 116 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 106 - 
70-41013597 
 
of the European Union for having entered into the agreement set forth in Clause Nine of the sale and 
purchase agreement of Portugal Telecom's ownership interest of Brasilcel, N.V. 
On 9 April 2013, Telefónica filed an appeal for annulment of this ruling with the European Union General 
Court. On 6 August 2013, the European Union General Court notified Telefónica of the response issued by 
the European Commission, in which the European Commission reaffirmed the main arguments of its ruling 
and, specifically, that Clause Nine includes a competition restriction. On 30 September 2013, Telefónica 
filed its reply. On 18 December 2013, the European Commission filed its appeal. 
A hearing was held on 19 May 2015, at the European Union General Court. 
On 28 June 2016, the European Union General Court ruled. Although it declared the existence of an 
infringement of competition law, it annulled Article 2 of the contested Decision and required the European 
Commission to reassess the amount of the fine imposed. The General Court considered that the European 
Commission has not neutralized the allegations and evidences provided by Telefónica on services in which 
there was not potential competition or were outside the scope of Clause Nine. 
Telefónica understands that there are grounds for believing that the ruling does not suit at law; consequently, 
it filed an appeal to the Court of Justice of the European Union, on 11 September 2016. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission filed its response against the Telefónica's appeal. On 30 
January 2017, Telefónica filed its response. On 9 March 2017, the European Commission filed its rejoinder. 
On 13 December 2017, the General Court dismissed the appeal filed by Telefónica. The European 
Commission must issue a new resolution in accordance with the judgment of the General Court of June 
2016, which urged the Commission to recalculate the amount of the fine. 
Decision by the High Court regarding the acquisition by Telefónica of shares in Český Telecom by 
way of a tender offer 
Venten Management Limited ("Venten") and Lexburg Enterprises Limited ("Lexburg") were non-
controlling shareholders of Cesky Telecom. In September 2005, both companies sold their shares to 
Telefónica in a mandatory tender offer. Subsequently, Venten and Lexburg, in 2006 and 2009, respectively, 
filed actions against Telefónica claiming a higher price than the price for which they sold their shares in 
the mandatory tender offer. 
On 5 August 2016, the hearing before the High Court in Prague took place in order to decide the appeal 
against the second decision of the Municipal Court, which had been favorable to Telefónica's position (as 
was also the case with the first decision of the Municipal Court). At the end of the hearing, the High Court 
announced the Second Appellate Decision by which it reversed the second decision of the Municipal Court 
and ordered Telefónica to pay 644 million Czech korunas (approximately 23 million euros) to Venten and 
227 million Czech korunas (approximately 8 million euros) to Lexburg, in each case plus interest. 
On 28 December 2016, the decision was notified to Telefónica. Telefónica filed an extraordinary appeal, 
requesting the suspension of the effects of the decision. 
In March 2017, Telefónica was notified of the decision of the Supreme Court, which ordered the suspension 
of the effects of the unfavorable decision to Telefónica issued by the High Court. 
Venten and Lexburg filed with the Supreme Court a motion to partially abolish the suspension of 
enforceability of the Decision of the High Court in Prague. On 17 January 2018, Telefónica filed its 
response seeking dismissal of such motion for lack of legal basis. 
On 14 February 2019, notification was given to Telefónica of the resolution of the Supreme Court which, 
based on the extraordinary appeal filed by Telefónica, abolished the decision of the High Court in Prague 
dated 5 August 2016 and remanded the case back to the High Court. 
Claim by Entel against Telefónica de Argentina, S.A. 
In 1999, Entel (the National Telecommunications Company of Argentina before its privatization) sued 
Telefónica de Argentina, S.A. ("TASA"), who was the licensee of the telecommunications service after the 
privatization process, seeking detailed and documented accounting and reimbursement of the amounts that

--- Page 117 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 107 - 
70-41013597 
 
it received from and on behalf of Entel after assuming the telecommunications service as a licensee, and of 
the amounts deducted as commissions. 
In general terms, the items in dispute were the amounts that TASA charged on behalf of Entel soon after 
having taken possession as a licensee of the telecommunications service (i.e., the consumptions charges for 
telecommunications services from prior customers of Entel, either billed or unbilled, but pending payment 
at the time of the privatization). Entel also challenged the commissions that TASA discounted to Entel in 
exchange for the service of collection of fees on behalf of Entel. Additionally, Entel also claimed several 
credits received by TASA, which allegedly belonged to Entel and had not been transferred to TASA in the 
privatization process. 
TASA replied arguing the inadmissibility of the accountability request, since such amounts had previously 
been submitted to the Entel Liquidating Commission without being timely challenged. 
In 2010, the Court of First Instance ruled in favor of Entel and held TASA accountable to Entel. 
After exhausting all legal appeals available, TASA submitted the requested accounting to Entel, which was 
challenged by the national government on behalf of the liquidated Entel. 
Several accounting drafts and cross-claims between the parties followed, with the intervention of a court-
appointed expert accountant. After several court decisions, the intervening judge rejected TASA's 
objections to the accounting presented by the national government and adopted the calculations made by 
Entel and the court-appointed expert. 
Although this judicial decision was appealed, TASA's appeal was dismissed by the Court of Appeals in 
October 2017, confirming, to a large extent, the accounting of Entel and the court-appointed expert, but 
also ordering Entel to recalculate the interest. Specifically, the resolution of the Court accepted certain 
concepts that TASA had questioned and the application of a "judicial" interest rate (average passive rate), 
which implies a daily capitalization component, in detriment of the rate set forth in the privatization 
specifications which set a simple annual interest of 8% (which had even been used by the court-appointed 
expert and Entel in their calculations). 
On 22 February 2018, Entel submitted the new principal and interest calculations required by the 
judge, claiming an amount of 1,689 million Argentine pesos (approximately 39 million euros at exchange 
rates on 31 December 2018). 
The resolution of the Court of Appeals exhausted the ordinary remedies available. TASA filed an 
extraordinary appeal, which was rejected in November 2017. TASA has submitted an exceptional appeal 
before the Argentine Supreme Court, although this appeal does not suspend the potential execution by Entel 
of prior rulings against TASA. 
On 26 March 2019, the Court of First Instance finally ruled to approve the amounts that ENTEL had 
submitted totaling 1,689 million Argentine pesos (approximately 35 million euros at exchange rates as of 
that date). The ruling of the Court of First Instance was confirmed by the Court of Appeals. In September 
2020, ENTEL requested the court to update such amount to 3,833 million Argentine pesos (approximately 
37 million euros at exchange rates as of that date). 
On 29 December 2020, TASA paid 1,689 million Argentine pesos (approximately 16 million euros at 
exchange rates as of that date) based on the amount approved by the Court of First Instance in March 2019.  
On 4 March 2021, ENTEL submitted new calculations until 29 December 2020, claiming an amount of 
2,021 million Argentine pesos (approximately 19 million euros at exchange rate as of that date), and 
reserves the right to calculate the interest from that date until payment. 
On 11 March 2021, TASA deposited the amount it considered correct, 155 million Argentine pesos 
(approximately 1 million euros at exchange rates as of that date), and contested the remaining amount up 
to the amount claimed by ENTEL. 
The court will have to decide on the difference between 155 million Argentine pesos deposited 
(approximately 1 million euros as noted above) and 2,021 million Argentine pesos (approximately 19 
million euros as noted above) requested by ENTEL.

--- Page 118 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 108 - 
70-41013597 
 
Appeal against the resolution of ANATEL to sanction Telefónica Brasil for breaches of the Fixed 
Telephony Regulation 
In May 2018, Telefónica filed a judicial action for annulment against a resolution issued by ANATEL (the 
National Telecommunications Agency of Brazil) in March 2018 concluding the PADO ("Processo 
Administrativo para Apuração de Descumprimento de Obrigações" or Administrative Process for 
Determination of Non-compliance with Obligations) investigating alleged infractions of the Fixed 
Telephony Regulation by Telefônica Brasil. 
This PADO investigation had been suspended during the negotiations of the TAC ("Termo de Ajustamento 
de Conduta" or Conduct Adjustment Term) between Telefónica and ANATEL relating to this and certain 
other PADO investigations. Since the negotiations concluded without agreement, the suspended PADO 
sanctioning procedures were reactivated and finalized. 
In its resolution of March 2018, ANATEL considered that Telefónica Brasil committed several infractions, 
in particular those related to the inadequate notice of suspension of services to defaulting users, the terms 
of reactivation of services after payment of outstanding amounts by defaulting users and the disagreement 
with the terms of refunds claimed by users of the services. 
The fine imposed by ANATEL and appealed by Telefónica Brasil is approximately 211 million Brazilian 
reals (approximately 33 million euros), which amounted to approximately 516 million Brazilian reals after 
currency value updates and accrued interest as of 31 December 2020 (approximately 81 million euros). 
Telefónica Brasil has appealed the fine imposed by ANATEL based, fundamentally, on the following 
arguments: (i) ANATEL should have considered a smaller universe of users to determine the fine and (ii) 
the calculation of the fine is disproportionate and based on insufficient grounds. 
Telefónica Brasil has not yet paid the fine, although Telefónica Brasil has guaranteed its payment through 
a guarantee insurance submitted to the court. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no conciliation and the proceeding is following its 
normal course. 
ICSID Arbitration Telefónica, S.A. vs. Republic of Colombia 
In the local arbitration brought by Colombia against Colombia Telecomunicaciones ("ColTel"), on 25 July 
2017, the local arbitration tribunal ordered ColTel to pay 470 million euros as economic compensation for 
the reversion of assets related to voice services in relation to the concession granted between 1994 and 
2013. 
On 29 August 2017, ColTel's share capital was increased in order to make the payment ordered by the local 
arbitral award; Telefónica, S.A. contributed and disbursed an amount equivalent to 67.5% of the award's 
amount (317 million euros) and the Colombian Government contributed an amount equivalent to the 
remaining 32.5% (153 million euros). 
On 1 February 2018, Telefónica, S.A. filed a Request for Arbitration against Colombia at the International 
Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes ("ICSID"), which was formally registered on 20 February 
2018. 
The ICSID Court was constituted on 26 February 2019, with José Emilio Nunes Pinto as President, Horacio 
A. Grigera Naón appointed by Telefónica, S.A., and Yves Derains appointed by Colombia. 
Colombia filed Preliminary Objections on Jurisdiction on 5 August 2019. Telefónica, S.A. responded to 
Colombia's objections in its Claimant's Memorial on 23 September 2019, in which it also requested that 
Colombia pay compensation for damages caused to Telefónica, S.A. 
On 23 October 2019, Colombia submitted its Complementary Objections on Jurisdiction as well as a request 
for Bifurcation, to which Telefónica, S.A. responded on 29 November 2019. 
On 24 January 2020, the Court dismissed the request for Bifurcation presented by Colombia, ordering the 
continuation of the proceeding. A decision on the merits of Telefónica, S.A.'s claim is pending.

--- Page 119 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 109 - 
70-41013597 
 
On 3 July 2020, Colombia filed its reply to the claim filed by Telefónica before the ICSID. 
On 2 November 2020, Telefónica presented its response to Colombia's reply. 
Telefónica's lawsuit against Millicom International Cellular for default in the sale of Telefónica Costa 
Rica 
Telefónica, S.A. (Telefónica) and Millicom International Cellular, S.A. (Millicom) reached an agreement 
on 20 February 2019 for the purchase and sale of the entire capital stock of Telefónica de Costa Rica TC, 
S.A. 
In March 2020, Telefónica informed Millicom that, once the pertinent regulatory authorizations had been 
obtained and all the other conditions established in the aforementioned agreement for the execution of the 
sale had been completed, the execution of the contract and the closing of the transaction should be in April 
2020. 
Millicom expressed its refusal to proceed with the closing, arguing that the competent Costa Rican 
administrative authorities had not issued the appropriate authorization. 
On 25 May 2020, Telefónica filed a lawsuit against Millicom before the New York Supreme Court, 
considering that Millicom had breached the terms and conditions established in the sale contract, 
demanding compliance with the provisions of the aforementioned agreement, and compensation for all 
damages that this unjustified breach could cause to Telefónica. 
On 29 June 2020, Millicom filed a Motion to Dismiss, to which Telefónica replied on 8 July 2020. 
On 3 August 2020, Telefónica submitted an amendment to the lawsuit, removing the requirement to comply 
with the provisions of the sale and purchase contract and requesting only compensation for all damages that 
the unjustified breach of said agreement could cause Telefónica. 
On 5 January 2021, the Motion to Dismiss filed by Millicom in June 2020 was dismissed by the New York 
Supreme Court. 
On 5 March 2021, Millicon submitted a discovery request. 
ICSID Arbitration Telefónica, S.A. vs Republic of Peru 
On 5 February 2021, Telefónica, S.A. filed a request for arbitration against the Republic of Peru at the 
International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes ("ICSID"), which was formally registered on 
12 March 2021. 
Telefónica's request for arbitration bases its claims on the Agreement for the Promotion and Reciprocal 
Protection of Investments between the Kingdom of Spain and the Republic of Peru ("APRPI") signed on 
17 November 1994. Telefónica's claim argued that the Peruvian tax administration (called Superintendencia 
Nacional de Aduanas y de Administración Tributaria, known as "SUNAT") and other state bodies fail to 
comply with the obligations established in the APRPI, including arbitrary and discriminatory actions. 
It is requested that the defendant be ordered to fully compensate Telefónica for all damages suffered. 
In early procedural situation, the next step will be the appointment of Arbitrators by the parties and the 
subsequent constitution of the ICSID Court. 
Other Proceedings 
The Group is currently cooperating with governmental authorities (and, where appropriate, conducting the 
relevant internal investigations) regarding requests for information potentially related, directly or indirectly, 
to possible violations of applicable anti-corruption laws. Telefónica believes that, considering the size of 
the Group, any potential penalty as a result of matters relating to those specific information requests would 
not materially affect the Group's financial condition.

--- Page 120 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 110 - 
70-41013597 
 
Tax Proceedings 
Inspections in the tax group in Spain 
In July 2019, new inspection proceedings were initiated for several of the companies belonging to Tax 
Group 24/90, of which Telefónica, S.A. is the dominant company. The concepts and periods being audited 
are: Corporate Income Tax for the years 2014 to 2017 and Value Added Tax, Withholdings income Tax for 
the second half of 2015 and from 2016 to 2018.   
Though the maximum duration for the tax inspection procedures is 27 months and due to the official 
publication of the Royal Decree 3/2020 of 17 March as result of COVID-19, the regular procedures were 
suspended between 14 March and 1 June 2020, implying the extension of the deadline towards December 
2021. 
In relation to the inspection proceeding of Corporate Income Tax for years 2008 to 2011, on 23 January  
2019 Telefónica was notified of a resolution issued by the Spanish Central Economic-Administrative Tax 
Court (Tribunal Económico-Administrativo Central) which partially upheld the claims brought by 
Telefónica against the assessments relating to the 2008-2011 Corporate Income Tax Audit.   
On 15 March 2019, Telefónica announced that it had been notified of an Execution Notice issued by the 
Agencia Estatal de Administración Tributaria in connection with the Spanish Central Economic-
Administrative Tax Court resolution (which had partially upheld the claims filed by Telefónica against the 
assessments pertaining to the 2008-2011 Corporate Income Tax Audit). Said Execution Notice ordered a 
702 million euros refund to Telefónica, pertaining to overpayments made in those tax years, which was 
paid to Telefónica at that date. Telefónica filed an appeal with the Central Economic-Administrative Tax 
Court against the Execution Notice. Such appeal was resolved favorably to Telefónica's interests on 13 June 
2019, resulting in a new refund of 201 million euros related to compensating interest, which was recorded 
as Corporate income tax in the 2019 income statement. Telefónica received this payment in July 2019.   
In relation to the inspection proceedings of Corporate Tax for the years 2005 to 2007 and 2008 to 2011, 
which ended in 2012 and 2015, respectively, Telefónica continues to dispute the criteria used for the 
accounting of Net Operating Losses and deductions. The case is pending before the National Audience.   
As a result of the ongoing inspection process and the pending tax years to be inspected, it is not considered 
that there is a need to recognize additional liabilities in the consolidated financial statements of Telefonica 
S.A.    
Telefónica Brazil 
State taxes 
The Telefónica Group is involved in a range of tax litigation in Brazil over direct and indirect taxes 
(including those relating to GVT). This includes a number of appeals relating to ICMS tax (a tax similar to 
VAT, levied on telecommunications services). There is a dispute with the Brazilian tax authorities over 
which services should be subject to this tax.   
To date the most significant issues have focused on the requirement to collect ICMS on penalties charged 
to customers for non-compliance, Internet advertising services, and complementary or additional services 
to the basic telecommunications services such as value-added services, modem rental, and the application 
of this tax on the basic fee (assinatura básica). In the case of the latter (assinatura básica), a case is still 
pending before the Supreme Court including Oi, which could affect other companies of the 
telecommunications sector.  
All related procedures are being contested in all instances (administrative and court proceedings). The 
aggregate amount of the relevant proceedings, updated to take into account interest, fines and other items, 
is approximately 17,446 million Brazilian reais (approximately 2,736 million euros at the exchange rate of 
31 December 2020, see Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), 15,460 million Brazilian reais 
on 31 December 2019 (approximately 3,416 million euros at the exchange rate on that date). Telefónica 
Brazil has obtained independent expert reports supporting its position, i.e. that the aforesaid services are 
not subject to ICMS.

--- Page 121 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 111 - 
70-41013597 
 
Federal taxes 
In addition, there are possible contingencies in relation to corporate income tax (Brazilian IRPJ) and social 
contributions tax (Brazilian CSLL) for the total amount of 16,873 million Brazilian reais as of 31 December 
2020 (approximately 2,647 million euros at the exchange rate on that date), 9,895 million Brazilian reais 
as of  31 December 2019 (approximately 2,186 million euros at the exchange rate on that date), mainly 
related to the tax amortization in Brazil in the years 2011 to 2017 of the goodwill originated in the 
acquisitions of Vivo and GVT and their subsequent merger with Telefónica Brasil. These proceedings are 
at the administrative and judicial stage and no provisions have been made since the potential risk associated 
with them has been classified as "not probable" and Telefónica Brazil has received independent expert 
reports that support this view.  
There are other probable contingencies in relation to corporate income tax (Brazilian IRPJ) and social 
contributions tax (Brazilian CSLL) for the total amount of 96 million Brazilian reais as of 31 December 
2020 (approximately 15 million euros at the exchange rate on that date), 87 million Brazilian reais as of  31 
December 2019 (approximately 14 million euros at the exchange rate on that date). The company has 
recognized a provision for this amount. 
Telefónica del Perú 
With regard to tax matters in Peru, litigation continues over corporate income tax for 2000 and 2001, 
payments on account for the year 2000, recoverable balances for 1998 and 1999, and the interest and 
penalties that should apply to these.  
In August 2015, the court of second instance handed down a ruling partially upholding the position of 
Telefónica del Perú, ruling in its favor on three of the five objections filed by the tax authorities and 
appealed before the courts, relating, inter alia, to corporate income tax for 2000-2001 (among others). This 
dispute accounts for more than 75% of the total amount under litigation, with the objections relating to 
insolvency provisions, interest on borrowing and leases of space for public telephones.   
With regard to these tax matters, in July 2019 Telefónica del Perú received notification of two rulings of 
the Supreme Court on the contentious administrative appeals of the 2000 and 2001 financial years.  These 
rulings do not definitively resolve some of the main issues that both litigations deal with when partial nullity 
of the previous rulings is declared, and therefore the issues must be returned back to the Superior Court, 
lower instance, to be judged again.  
However, to the extent that there have been some adjustments over which the judgments are pronounced 
(positively for the company in relation to the deductibility of the rental of public spaces and negative in the 
case of the deductibility of certain financial charges), the company recorded in its financial statements of 
2019 an additional provision of 580 million Peruvian nuevo sol (approximately 154 million euros at the 
exchange rate as of 31 December 2019).  
In addition, in January 2020 Telefónica del Perú received a notification of the Supreme Court ruling 
regarding insolvency provisions, annulling, as for the year 1998, the ruling of the court of second instance 
for 2000-2001 and returning the case to the court of first instance which declared the appeal unfounded. 
However, Telefónica del Perú has filed a cassation appeal against said judgment. 
Therefore, all settlements carried out by SUNAT for 2000 and 2001 financial years are still pending of the 
final ruling in the judicial phase.  
Regarding these ruling, the Group and its external attorneys consider that there are solid arguments to 
defend their position, both in relation to the insolvency provisions and in relation to the interest in the 
administrative phase and to recoverable balances for 1998 and 1999.  
Given the sentences and rulings handed down in June and August 2015, the Group recognized a provision 
in the 2015 consolidated financial statements, provision that at 31 December 2020 reached, including 
interest accrued and the additional provision recognized in 2019, a total amount of 2,407 million Peruvian 
soles (approximately 542 million euros at the exchange rate of 31 December 2020). See Note 24 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 122 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 112 - 
70-41013597 
 
Tax deductibility of financial goodwill in Spain 
The tax regulations added article 12.5 to the Corporate Income Tax Law, which came into force on 1 
January 2002. The article regulated the deductibility of tax amortization of financial goodwill arising from 
the acquisition of non-Spanish companies, which could be amortized over 20 years at 5% per annum.   
Following the entry into force of the Laws 9/2011 of 19 August 2011 and 16/2013 of 29 October 2013, the 
amount of goodwill amortization deductible for tax purposes under article 12.5 for the years 2011 to 2015 
was reduced from 5% to 1%. The effect is temporary because the 4% not amortized for five years (20% in 
total) will be recovered extending the deduction period from the initial 20 years to 25 years. 
The Telefónica Group, under this regulation, has been amortizing for tax purposes the financial goodwill 
from its investments, both direct and indirect, in O2, BellSouth and ColTel (prior to 21 December 2007) 
and Vivo (acquired in 2010). The positive accumulated effect of the corresponding settlements of corporate 
income tax from 2004 to the closing as of 31 December 2020 was 1,716 million euros.   
In relation to this tax incentive, the European Commission (EC) has in recent years commenced three 
proceedings against the Spanish State, as it deems that this tax benefit could constitute an example of state 
aid. Although the EC itself acknowledged the validity of the tax incentive for those investors that invested 
in European companies for  operations carried out before 21 December 2007 in the first decision, and before 
21 May 2011 for investments in other countries in the second decision, in its third decision issued on 15 
October 2014 it calls into question the applicability of the principle of legitimate expectations in the 
application of the incentive for indirect acquisitions, whatever the date of acquisition may have been.  
There are also doubts in the Spanish Courts about the classification of the incentive as a deduction and its 
maintenance in the case of subsequent transmission.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the three decisions continue to be subject to a final ruling. The first 
two were initially  annulled by two judgments of the General Court of the European Union, which were 
appealed by the EC in the Court of Justice of the European Union and sent again to the General Court in 
December 2016, which ruled on 15 November 2018, confirming the applicability of the principle of 
legitimate expectations, but considered the "goodwill amortization" as state aid not compatible with the 
common market. The third decision remains pending a judgment from the court of first instance.  
Notwithstanding the above, the "Tax and Customs Control Unit of the Spanish Tax Authority" 
(Dependencia de Control Tributario y Aduanero de la Agenica Tributaria), in compliance with the 
obligation set out in the EC Decision (EU) 2015/314, recovered the amounts that had been deducted in 
connection with the amortization of goodwill for the indirect acquisition of non-resident companies from 
2005 to 2015, and in November of the same year, it initiated the recovery procedure for goodwill relating 
to years 2016 to 2018. The recovery of such amounts is provisional, pending the final rulings on the appeals 
brought against the three decisions. The amount paid by Telefónica in March 2019, after offsetting 
outstanding tax credits (tax losses carryforward and deductions) amounted to 1.4 million euros.   
Notwithstanding the fact that the company understands that the principle of legitimate expectations in 
relation to this tax incentive applies, in relation to tax-amortized goodwill through the purchase of some 
companies for which the applicability of the legitimate expectations principle is questioned, mainly VIVO, 
the Group has decided to continue provisioning the amount of the goodwill amortized for tax purposes, 
which amounted to 420 million euros as of  31 December 2020 (352 million euros as of 31 December 2019).    
Years open for inspection 
Years open for inspection in the Group companies 
The years open for review by the tax inspection authorities for the main applicable taxes vary from one 
consolidated company to another, based on each country’s tax legislation, taking into account their 
respective statute of limitations periods. In Spain the taxes from 2014 onwards are open to inspection.  
In the other countries in which the Telefónica Group has a significant presence, the years open for 
inspection by the relevant authorities are generally as follows:  
• 
The last twelve years in Germany.

--- Page 123 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 113 - 
70-41013597 
 
• 
The last seven years in the United Kingdom.  
• 
The last seven years in Argentina. 
• 
The last five years in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Uruguay and the Netherlands.   
• 
The last four years in Peru and Costa Rica.  
• 
Since 2016, the statute of limitation in Venezuela is six years.  
• 
The last three years in Chile, Ecuador, El Salvador and the United States.  
The tax inspection of the open years is not expected to give rise to additional material liabilities for the 
Group.  
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Telefónica had 5,526,431,062 shares outstanding, each having a 
nominal value of 1.00 euro per share. All outstanding shares have the same rights. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, according to information provided to us or to the Spanish National 
Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional de Mercado de Valores or the "CNMV"), beneficial owners 
of 3% or more of the Group's  voting stock were as follows: 
Name of Beneficial Owner 
% of shares carrying voting 
rights 
% of voting rights through 
financial instruments 
% of total 
voting rights 
 
Direct 
Indirect 
Direct 
Indirect 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.(1) ................  
4.94 
0.02 
0.00 
0.00 
4.96% 
CaixaBank, S.A.(2) ...................................................  
4.70 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
4.70% 
BlackRock, Inc.(3) ....................................................  
0.00 
4.52 
0.00 
0.16 
4.68% 
 _______________  
(1) Based on the information provided by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. as at 31 December 2020 for the Group's 2020 
Annual Report on Corporate Governance and taking into account the latest capital increase of the Company (deed was executed 
on 30 December 2020 and registered on 5 January 2021). The indirect shareholding is held by BBVA Seguros, S.A. de Seguros 
y Reaseguros. Also, and according to the aforementioned information provided by BBVA, the percentage of economic rights 
attributed to Telefónica, S.A. shares owned by BBVA amounts to 5.27% of the Company's share capital. 
(2) Based on the information provided by CaixaBank, S.A. as at 31 December 2020 for the Group's 2020 Annual Report on Corporate 
Governance and taking into account the latest capital increase of the Company (deed was executed on 30 December 2020 and 
registered on 5 January 2021). 
(3) Based on the information notified by BlackRock, Inc. to the CNMV on 31 March 2020 (a shareholding in Telefónicas's share 
capital of 4.983%) and taking into account the latest capital increase of the Company (deed was executed on 30 December 2020 
and registered on 5 January 5 2021). On 10 October 2020 Blackrock, Inc. filed a Schedule 13G/A with the SEC notifying that its 
shareholding in Telefónica's share capital was 4.9%. 
To the extent that Telefónica shares are represented by account in the book-entry form, it does not keep a 
shareholder registry and its ownership structure cannot be known precisely. Based on the information 
available to Telefónica, there is no individual or corporation that directly or indirectly through one or more 
intermediaries may exercise any type of control over Telefónica. Nevertheless, Telefónica does have certain 
shareholders whose holdings are considered material. 
Directors and Senior Management 
During 2020, the Group's Board of Directors met 13 times. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Group's Board of Directors had met four times during 2021. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Group's directors, their respective positions on the Board and the year they were first appointed were as 
follows: 
Name 
Age 
First Appointed 
Current Term 
Ends 
Chairman 
 
 
 
Mr. José María Álvarez-Pallete López(1) ................................................ 
57
2006 
2021 
Vice-Chairmen 
 
 
 
Mr. Isidro Fainé Casas(1)(2) ..................................................................... 
78
1994 
2024 
Mr. José María Abril Pérez(1)(3)(6) ........................................................... 
69
2007 
2022 
Mr. José Javier Echenique Landiríbar(1)(4)(7) ........................................... 
69
2016 
2024 
Members 
 
Mr. Ángel Vilá Boix(1) ........................................................................... 
56 
2017 
2022

--- Page 124 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 114 - 
70-41013597 
 
Name 
Age 
First Appointed 
Current Term 
Ends 
Mr. Juan Ignacio Cirac Sasturain(6)(8) ..................................................... 
55 
2016 
2024 
Mr. Peter Erskine(1)(6)(7) .......................................................................... 
69 
2006 
2024 
Ms. Sabina Fluxà Thienemann .............................................................. 
40 
2016 
2024 
Ms. Carmen García de Andrés(4)(8) ......................................................... 
58 
2017 
2021 
Ms. María Luisa García Blanco(5)(7) ....................................................... 
55 
2018 
2022 
Mr. Jordi Gual Solé(2)(5)(6) ....................................................................... 
63 
2018 
2022 
Mr. Peter Löscher(1)(4)(7).......................................................................... 
63 
2016 
2024 
Mr. Ignacio Moreno Martínez(3)(4)(5)(8) .................................................... 
63 
2011 
2021 
Ms. Verónica Pascual Boé(6) .................................................................. 
42 
2019 
2024 
Mr. Francisco Javier de Paz Mancho(1)(5)(7)(8) .......................................... 
62 
2007 
2022 
Mr. Francisco José Riberas Mera ........................................................... 
56 
2017 
2021 
Ms. Claudia Sender Ramírez (6)(8)........................................................... 
46 
2019 
2024 
 _______________  
(1) Member of the Executive Commission of the Board of Directors. 
(2) Name or company name of the shareholder represented or that has proposed their appointment: CaixaBank, S.A. 
(3) Name or company name of the shareholder represented or that has proposed their appointment: Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A. 
(4) Member of the Audit and Control Committee. 
(5) Member of the Regulation and Institutional Affairs Committee. 
(6) Member of the Strategy and Innovation Committee. 
(7) Member of the Nominating, Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee. 
(8) Member of the Sustainability and Quality Committee. 
The principal activities inside and outside the Group of each of the directors of Telefónica are as follows: 
Name 
Principal activities inside the 
Group 
Principal Activities outside the 
Group 
José María Álvarez-Pallete 
López ........................................  
Executive Chairman of 
Telefónica, S.A. 
 
Isidro Fainé Casas ...................  
Vice Chairman of Telefónica, 
S.A. 
Chairman and Member of the 
Executive Commission of the 
Board of trustees of the Caixa 
d'Estalvis i Pensions de 
Barcelona (la "Caixa")  
 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and the Executive 
Commission of Criteria Caixa, 
S.A.U. 
 
 
Chairman of Caixa Capital Risc 
SGEIC, S.A. 
Deputy-Chairman of the Board 
of Directors of Inmo Criteria 
Caixa, S.A.U. 
Honorary Chairman of Naturgy 
Energy Group, S.A. 
 
 
Chairman of the Spanish 
Confederation of Savings Banks 
(Confederación Española de 
Cajas de Ahorros, CECA) 
 
 
Vice Chairman of European 
Savings Bank Group (ESGB) 
 
 
Chairman of the World Savings 
Banks Institute (WSBI) 
 
 
Special Advisory of The Bank 
of East Asia Limited 
 
 
Chairman of the Spanish 
Confederation of Directors and 
Executives (Confederación 
Española de Directivos y 
Ejecutivos, CEDE) 
 
 
Chairman of the Spanish 
Chapter of the Club of Rome

--- Page 125 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 115 - 
70-41013597 
 
Name 
Principal activities inside the 
Group 
Principal Activities outside the 
Group 
Vice Chairman of the Royal 
Academy of Economic and 
Financial Sciences 
Founder of the Circulo 
Financiero 
 
 
Member of the Trust of Museo 
Nacional del Prado 
 
 
Member of the Trust of Carlos 
Slim Foundation  
José María Abril Pérez ...........  
Vice Chairman of Telefónica, 
S.A. 
 
José Javier Echenique 
Landiríbar ................................  
Vice Chairman of Telefónica, 
S.A. 
Vice Chairman of Banco 
Sabadell, S.A. 
 
Director of Pegaso PCS, S.A. de 
C.V. 
Director of ACS Actividades de 
Construcción y Servicios, S.A. 
 
Director of Telefónica 
Audiovisual Digital, S.L.U. 
Director of ACS Servicios, 
Comunicaciones y Energía S.L. 
 
 
Trustee of Novia Salcedo 
Foundation 
 
 
Member of the Board of Deusto 
Business School 
 
 
Member of the Basque 
Businessmen Circle 
 
 
Member of the McKinsey 
Advisory Council 
Ángel Vilá Boix ........................  
Chief Operating Officer and 
Executive Director of 
Telefónica, S.A. 
 
Juan Ignacio Cirac Sasturain .  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Co-Director of the Munich 
Center of Sciences and 
Quantum technologies. 
 
 
Director of International of 
Max-Planck Research School 
Quantum Science and 
Technology 
 
 
“Honorarprofessor”, Technical 
University of Munich 
(Department of Physics) 
 
 
Director of the Theory Division 
of Max-Planck Institut for 
Quantenoptik and member of 
the Max-Plank Society 
 
 
Founding and managing Editor, 
Quantum Information and 
Computation 
Peter Erskine ...........................  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Chairman of the charity, 
BRAINSTORM  
 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Telefónica 
Deutschland Holding AG 
 
Sabina Fluxà Thienemann ......  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
CEO of Iberostar Group 
 
 
Member of IEF's Board of 
Directors

--- Page 126 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 116 - 
70-41013597 
 
Name 
Principal activities inside the 
Group 
Principal Activities outside the 
Group 
Member of the Regional 
Advisory Board of BBVA 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of APD Illes Balears 
 
 
Trustee of Iberostar Foundation 
Carmen García de Andrés ......  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Chairwoman of Fundación 
Tomillo 
 
 
Executive Chairwoman of 
Fundación Tomillo Tietar 
 
 
Trustee of the Fundación  
Youth Business Spain 
 
 
Treasurer and Member of the 
Board of Directors and the 
Executive Committee of the 
Asociación Española de 
Fundaciones (AEF) 
 
 
Trustee of Fundación 
Secretariado Gitano 
 
 
Trustee of Fundación Xavier de 
Salas 
 
 
Member of the Board of and  
 
 
Co-Founder and Trustee of 
Fundación Aprendiendo a Ser 
María Luisa García Blanco ....  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Partner at the law firm Salama 
García Blanco 
 
 
Member of the Royal Academy 
of Jurisprudence and Legislation 
Jordi Gual Solé ........................  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board of ERSTE Group Bank 
AG 
 
 
Chairman of FEDEA 
 
 
Vice President of the Círculo de 
Economía 
 
 
Vice President of the Fundación 
Cotect para la Innovación 
 
 
Trustee of the Fundación CEDE 
 
 
Trustee of the Real Instituto 
Elcano 
 
 
Trustee of the Fundación 
Barcelona Mobile Word 
 
 
 
Peter Löscher ...........................  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Sulzer AG 
 
 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Koninklijke Philips 
N.V. (Philips) 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of Telefónica 
Deutschland Holding AG 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Thyssen-
Bosnemisza Group AG, 
Switzerland 
 
 
Member, non-executive, of the 
Board of Directors of Doha 
Venture Capital LLC, Qatar

--- Page 127 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 117 - 
70-41013597 
 
Name 
Principal activities inside the 
Group 
Principal Activities outside the 
Group 
Honorary Professor at Tongji 
University Shanghai 
Doctor Honoris Causa of Slovak 
University of Engineering in 
Bratislava 
Member Emeritus of the 
Advisory Board of the 
Economic Development Board 
of Singapore 
Member of the International 
Advisory Council of Bocconi 
University 
 
 
 
Ignacio Moreno Martínez .......  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Chairman of Metrovacesa, S.A. 
 
 
Member of the Board of Roadis 
Transportation Holding, S.L.U. 
 
 
Senior Advisor of Apollo 
Investment Consulting Europe 
LTD for Spain 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of General Alquiler de 
Maquinaria, S.A. (GAM) 
Verónica Pascual Boé ..............  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
CEO of Mobile Robotics Group 
of companies 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of General Alquiler de 
Maquinaria, S.A. (GAM) 
Chairwoman of the ASTI 
Tecnología y Talento 
Foundation 
Francisco Javier de Paz 
Mancho .....................................  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
 
 
Chairman of Telefónica 
Ingeniería de Seguridad, S.A.U. 
 
 
Director of Telefónica Móviles 
de Argentina, S.A. 
 
 
Director of Telefônica Brasil, 
S.A. 
 
 
Director of Pegaso PCS, S.A. de 
C.V. 
 
Francisco José Riberas Mera .  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Chairman and CEO of Gestamp 
Automoción, S.A. 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of companies of the 
Gestamp Group 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of companies of the 
Gonvarri Group 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of companies of the 
Acek Energías Renovables 
Group

--- Page 128 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 118 - 
70-41013597 
 
Name 
Principal activities inside the 
Group 
Principal Activities outside the 
Group 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of companies of the 
Inmobiliaria Acek Group 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of CIE Automotive 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Sideacero, S.L. and 
companies of its Group 
 
 
Chairman of the Family 
Business Institute 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of General Alquiler de 
Maquinaria, S.A. (GAM) 
 
 
Chairman of the Consejo 
España-China Foundation, the 
Spain-China Business Advisory 
Board and the Endeavor 
Foundation 
Claudia Sender Ramírez .........  
Director of Telefónica, S.A. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of LafargeHolcim Ltd 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Gerdau, S.A. 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Yduqs University 
 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Amigos do Bem 
 
The business address of each of the directors of the Guarantor is Distrito Telefónica Ed. Central, Ronda de 
la Comunicación s/n, 28050 Madrid, España. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no current or potential conflicts of interest in relation to 
members of the Board of Directors between any duties owed to Telefónica and their private interests and 
other duties.

--- Page 129 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 119 - 
70-41013597 
 
Organisational Structure 
The following chart shows the organisational structure of the principal subsidiaries of the Telefónica Group at 31 December 2020, including their jurisdictions of incorporation 
and Telefónica's ownership interest. 
 
TELEFÓNICA
TELEFÓNICA 
SPAIN
TELEFÓNICA 
BRAZIL
TELEFÓNICA 
HISPAM
TELXIUS GROUP
TELEFÓNICA 
UNITED
KINGDOM
TELEFÓNICA 
GERMANY
OTHERS
Telefonica de 
España (Spain) 
100%
Telefonica Moviles
España (Spain) 
100%
Telefonica Brasil
(Brazil)
73.69%
Telefonica Moviles
Mexico (Mexico) 
100%
Telefonica 
Venezolana
(Venezuela)
100%
Telxius Telecom 
(Spain)(2)
50.1%
T. Germany Gmbh
& Co. (Germany)
69.22%
Telefonica Europe 
(The Netherlands)
100%
Telefonica Open 
Innovation (Spain)
100%
Telefonica U.K. 
(U.K.)(2)
100%
Telyco (Spain)
100%
Telefonica Sol. de 
Inf. y Com. de 
España (Spain) 
100%
Telefonica de 
Comandos (Spain)
100%
Terra Networks 
Brasil (Brazil)
73.69%
Colombia Telecom 
(Colombia)
67.50%
Telefonica Moviles
Chile (Chile)
100%
Telefonica Moviles
del Uruguay 
(Uruguay)
100%
Otecel
100%
Telefonica de 
Argentina 
(Argentina)
100%
Telefonica del Peru 
(Peru)
98.94%
Terra Networks 
Mexico (Mexico)
100%
E-Plus Mobilfunk
Gmbh & Co. KG 
(Germany)
69.22%
Telefonica Global 
Solutions and 
Subsidiaries (Spain)
100%
Telefonica Costa 
Rica (Costa Rica)(1)
100%
Telefónica 
Emissions (Spain)
100%
Telefonica Moviles
El Salvador (El 
Salvador)
59.58%
Telefonica Chile 
(Chile)
99.14%
Telefonica Moviles
Argentina 
(Argentina)
100%
31 December 2020
(1)
On 30 July 2020, an agreement was reached for the sale of Telefonica Costa Rica.  
(2)
On 13 January 2021, an agreement was reached for the sale of the companies of its telecommunications tower divisions in Europe and Latin America. 
(3)
On 7 May 2020, an agreement was reached with Liberty Global plc to merge their United Kingdom business and form a joint venture owned 50% by both companies.

--- Page 130 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 120 - 
70-41013597 
 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS 
The tax laws of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s and Guarantor's Member State of 
incorporation might have an impact on the income received from any Instruments. Prospective 
purchasers of Instruments should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could 
be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Instruments and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Instruments and the consequences of such actions under 
the tax laws of those countries. 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice 
applicable in the Kingdom of Spain as at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in 
law and the administrative interpretation and application thereof, which could be made with retroactive 
effect. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Instruments, and does 
not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of whom (such 
as dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective investors should consult with their 
own professional advisers. 
Also prospective investors should note that the appointment by an investor in Instruments, or any person 
through which an investor holds Instruments, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation 
to such Instruments in any jurisdiction may have tax implications. Prospective investors should consult 
their own tax advisors in relation to the tax consequences for them of any such appointment. 
Taxation in the Kingdom of Spain 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the regulation, 
supervision and solvency of credit entities ("Law 10/2014") and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 
July as amended, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management 
procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes ("Royal Decree 
1065/2007"); 
(b) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income Tax") 
tax payers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial amendment 
of the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law (the 
"Personal Income Tax Law") as amended and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March promulgating 
the Personal Income Tax Regulations as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth 
Tax as amended, and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax ("Corporate 
Income Tax") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 
promulgating the corporate income tax regulations (the "Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); 
and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-resident 
income tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 
March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, as amended and 
Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations, 
along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 
on Inheritance and Gift Tax. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Instruments (a "Holder"), the 
acquisition and transfer of the Instruments will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example it will 
be exempt from transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax 
promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt from value added tax, in 
accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December regulating such tax.

--- Page 131 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 121 - 
70-41013597 
 
1. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Payments of both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption, 
repayment or exchange of the Instruments constitute a return on investment obtained from the 
transfer of own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the 
Personal Income Tax Law, and must be included in each Holder's Personal Income Tax savings 
taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the aforementioned law, and taxed according to the then-
applicable rate. The savings taxable base is currently subject to the rate of 19 per cent. up to 6,000 
euros, 21 per cent. for taxable income between 6,001 euros and 50,000 euros, 23 per cent. for 
taxable income between 50,001 euros and 200,000 euros, and 26 per cent. for taxable income 
exceeding 200,000 euros. 
No withholding on account of Personal Income Tax will be imposed on interest as well as on 
income derived from the redemption or repayment of the Instruments by individual Holders subject 
to Personal Income Tax, provided that certain requirements are met (including that the Issue and 
Paying Agent provides the Issuer and the Guarantor, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement). See "— Information about the Instruments in Connection with 
Payments". 
If the Issue and Paying Agent fails or for any reason is unable to deliver the required information 
in the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold the relevant percentage (19 per cent. as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus) and will not pay additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
In any event, the individual Holder may credit the withholding against his or her Personal Income 
Tax liability for the relevant year. 
1.2 
Reporting Obligations 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax 
laws with respect to Holders who are individual residents in Spain for tax purposes. 
1.3 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain that hold Instruments at 31 December of any year are 
subject to Spanish Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds a certain limit. This limit 
has been set at 700,000 euros. Therefore, they should take into account the average market value 
of the Instruments during the last quarter of the year and the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 
per cent. and 3.5 per cent. The autonomous communities may have different provisions and 
additional relief in this respect. 
1.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Instruments 
by inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional or state rules. The applicable tax rates as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus range between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent. Relevant factors applied (such as previous 
net wealth or family relationship among transferor and transferee) do determine the final effective 
tax rate that range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Payments of both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption 
or repayment of the Instruments must be included in the profit and taxable income of legal entities 
with tax residency in Spain for Corporate Income Tax purposes in accordance with the rules for 
Corporate Income Tax. The current general tax rate is 25 per cent. 
No withholding on account of Corporate Income Tax will be imposed on interest as well as on 
income derived from the redemption or repayment of the Instruments paid to Spanish CIT holder

--- Page 132 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 122 - 
70-41013597 
 
of Instruments, provided that certain requirements are met (including that the Issue and Paying 
Agent provides the Issuer and the Guarantor, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement). See "— Information about the Instruments in Connection with 
Payments". 
If the Issue and Paying Agent fails or for any reason is unable to deliver the required information 
in the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold the relevant percentage (19 per cent. as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus) and will not pay additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
In any event, legal entities with tax residency in Spain Holders may credit the withholding against 
their Corporate Income Tax liability for the relevant year. 
2.2 
Reporting Obligations 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax 
laws with respect to Holders who are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
2.3 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
2.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Instruments by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax and must 
include the market value of the Instruments in their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income 
Tax purposes. 
3. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no tax residency in Spain 
3.1 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish tax resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Instruments by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain 
will not in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Instruments form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person 
or legal entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, such permanent establishment 
will be subject to Non-Resident Income Tax on similar terms as those previously set out 
for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish tax resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments periodically received and payments of income deriving from the 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Instruments, obtained by individuals or legal 
entities without tax residency in Spain who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and 
do not act, with respect to the Instruments, through a permanent establishment in Spain 
are exempt from Non-Resident Income Tax and therefore no withholding on account of 
Non-Resident Income Tax shall be levied on such income provided certain requirements 
are met. 
In order to be eligible for the exemption from Non-Resident Income Tax, certain 
requirements must be met, including the provision by the Issue and Paying Agent of 
certain information relating to the Instruments, in a timely manner as detailed under 
"Information about the Instruments in Connection with Payments" as laid down in section 
44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended. If the Issue and Paying Agent fails or for any 
reason is unable to deliver the required information in the manner indicated, the Issuer 
will withhold the relevant percentage (19 per cent. as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
and will not pay additional amounts with respect to any such withholding.

--- Page 133 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 123 - 
70-41013597 
 
Holders of Instruments not resident in Spain for tax purposes and entitled to exemption 
from Non-Resident Income Tax but, in respect of whose Instruments, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor do not receive information from the Issue and Paying Agent in a timely manner 
as detailed under "Information about the Instruments in Connection with Payments", 
would have to apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they 
may be entitled, according to the procedures set forth in the Spanish Non-Resident Income 
Tax law. 
3.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish non-resident tax individuals will be subject to Spanish Wealth Tax, which imposes a tax 
on property and rights in excess of 700,000 euros that are located in Spain, or can be exercised 
within the Spanish territory, on the last day of any year. 
However, to the extent that income derived from the Instruments is exempt from Non-Resident 
Income tax, individual Holders not resident in Spain for tax purposes who hold Instruments on the 
last day of any year will be exempt from Spanish Wealth Tax. Furthermore, Holders who benefit 
from a convention for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to wealth tax that provides for 
taxation only in the Holder's country of residence will not be subject to Spanish Wealth Tax. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident individuals 
whose net worth related to property located, or rights that can be exercised, in Spain is above 
700,000 euros and who hold Instruments on the last day of any year, would therefore be subject to 
Spanish Wealth Tax for such year at marginal rates varying between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
of the average market value of the Instruments during the last quarter of such year. Non-Spanish 
tax resident individuals who are resident in an EU or European Economic Area member State may 
apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the assets and rights with more value 
are situated. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Instruments by inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered 
into a convention for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax will 
be subject to the relevant convention for the avoidance of double taxation. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to 
Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable Spanish regional and state legislation, 
to the extent that rights deriving from the Instruments can be exercised within the Spanish territory. 
As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Instruments 
by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to 
Non-Resident Income Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered 
into a double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties 
provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
4. 
Tax Rules for payments made by the Guarantor 
Payments made by the Guarantor to Holders will be subject to the same tax rules previously set 
out for payments made by the Issuer. 
5. 
Information about the Instruments in Connection with Payments 
As described above, interest and other income paid with respect to the Instruments will not be 
subject to Spanish withholding tax unless the Issue and Paying Agent fails or for any reason is 
unable to provide the Issuer and the Guarantor, in a timely manner, with the information described 
in Exhibit I of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 134 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 124 - 
70-41013597 
 
The information obligations to be complied with in order to apply the exemption are those laid 
down in Section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended. 
In accordance with Section 44.5, before the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments) immediately preceding the date on which any 
payment of interest, principal or of any amounts in respect of the early redemption of the 
Instruments (each, a "Payment Date") is due, the Issuer and the Guarantor must receive from the 
Issue and Paying Agent the following information about the Instruments: 
(a) 
the identification of the Instruments with respect to which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
the date on which the relevant payment is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment paid to each entity that manages a clearing and 
settlement system for securities situated outside of Spain (such as Euroclear and 
Clearstream). 
In particular, the Issue and Paying Agent must certify the information above about the Instruments 
by means of a certificate, the form of which is attached as Exhibit I of this Base Prospectus. 
In light of the above, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Issue and Paying Agent have arranged 
certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Instruments by the 
close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding each relevant Payment Date. If, 
despite these procedures, the relevant information is not received by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
on each Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Instruments. Neither 
the Issuer nor the Guarantor will pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
Notwithstanding the above, if, before the tenth calendar day of the month following the month in 
which the relevant income is paid, the Issue and Paying Agent provides the required information, 
the Issuer will reimburse the amounts withheld. In addition, Holders may apply directly to the 
Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled. 
Prospective Holders should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers accepts any 
responsibility relating to the procedures established for the collection of information concerning 
the Instruments. Accordingly, none the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers will be liable for any 
damage or loss suffered by any Holder who would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from 
Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are nonetheless paid net of Spanish 
withholding tax because these procedures prove ineffective. Moreover, neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor will pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. See "Risk Factors 
- Risks relating to Withholding". 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law.

--- Page 135 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 125 - 
70-41013597 
 
EXHIBIT 1 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección 
tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, 
aprobado por Real Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General 
de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las 
normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (…)(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (….)(1) y domicilio en (…) en calidad de (marcar la 
letra que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (…)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax 
identification number (….)(1) and address in (…) as (function - mark as applicable): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el 
extranjero. 
(b) 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación 
y liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory. 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Issue and Paying Agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores .....................................................................................................  
1.1 
Identification of the securities .....................................................................................................  
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)

--- Page 136 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 126 - 
70-41013597 
 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores 
emitidos al descuento o segregados) ........................................................................................  
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at 
discount or are segregated) 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta 
de las Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo 
reembolso intervenga una Entidad Gestora ...........................................................................  
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons 
and segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved ............  
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por 
su importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados). 
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total 
amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores .....................................................................................................  
2.1 
Identification of the securities .....................................................................................................  
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) ................................................................................................................................  
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) .......  
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados .............................................................................................................  
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated) 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en ……………………a …. de ……………de …. 
I declare the above in …………… … on the…. of…………… … of…. 
(1) 
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar 
el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia

--- Page 137 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 127 - 
70-41013597 
 
(1) 
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be 
included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
Spain approved the Spanish law which implements its own Spanish tax on financial transactions (the 
"Spanish FTT") on 7 October 2020. The Spanish FTT came into force on 16 January 2021 and charges a 
0.2% rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies whose market capitalization 
exceeds 1 billion euros (1,000,000,000 euros), regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties 
involved in the transaction. Therefore, the Spanish FTT will not affect the Instruments. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Instruments should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Instruments 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the Commission's Proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Instruments are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.  
US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
Under certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder (commonly referred to as "FATCA"), a 30 per cent. withholding tax 
may apply to certain "foreign passthru payments" made by a foreign financial institution (an "FFI"), 
including an FFI in the chain of ownership between an ultimate beneficial owner and the issuer of an 
obligation that has entered into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") pursuant 
to which it agrees to certain due diligence, reporting and withholding functions (such an FFI referred to as 
a "PFFI"). FATCA withholding may apply to payments made by a PFFI to (a) an FFI that is not a PFFI 
and is not otherwise exempt from FATCA and to (b) certain other payees who fail to provide sufficient 
identifying information (including, in certain cases, regarding their U.S. owners). Certain aspects of the 
application of these rules are modified by intergovernmental agreements between the United States and 
certain other countries ("Intergovernmental Agreements"), including Spain. The term "foreign passthru 
payment" is not defined currently and withholding on foreign passthru payments will not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment". It 
is uncertain how foreign passthru payment withholding will apply under Intergovernmental Agreements, if 
at all. Given the uncertainty of the FATCA provisions, although the Issuer does not expect FATCA 
withholding to apply to payments it makes on the Instruments, FATCA may impact payments by custodians 
or intermediaries in the payment chain between the Issuer and the ultimate beneficial owner of the 
Instruments. The Issuer and the Guarantor have no responsibility for any FATCA withholding applied by 
any such custodians or intermediaries in the ownership chain and would not be required to pay any 
additional amounts were any amount deducted or withheld from any payment pursuant to FATCA. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisors with respect to FATCA and its application to the 
Instruments and should consider carefully the FATCA compliance status of any financial intermediaries in 
the chain of ownership through which they hold Instruments.

--- Page 138 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 128 - 
70-41013597 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Instruments may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Credit Suisse 
Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, 
HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe 
SE, NatWest Markets N.V., Société Générale, UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). 
Instruments may also be sold by the Issuer direct to institutions who are not Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Instruments may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, 
Dealers are set out in a dealership agreement dated 15 April 2021 (as amended, supplemented, restated or 
replaced from time to time, the "Dealership Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of 
the relevant Instruments, the price at which such Instruments will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Instruments. 
United States of America: Regulation S; Category 2; TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms 
Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, US persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Instruments in bearer form are subject to US tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to US persons, except in certain transactions permitted by US 
tax regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Instruments, (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Instruments comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to or for the account or 
benefit of US persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Instruments during 
the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Instruments within the United States or to or for the account or benefit 
of US persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Instruments comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Instruments within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area . For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one or more of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; and

--- Page 139 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 129 - 
70-41013597 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor "means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
In relation to each Tranche of Instruments, each Dealer subscribing for or purchasing such Instruments has 
represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent to and agree with, the Issuer, the Guarantor and each other such Dealer (if any) that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Instruments having a maturity of less than one year from 
the date of their issue: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Instruments other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Instruments would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Instruments in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom.

--- Page 140 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 130 - 
70-41013597 
 
The Kingdom of Spain 
Neither the Instruments nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Markets 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that the Instruments may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Instruments 
be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in 
Spain or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. 
The Instruments may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the consolidated text 
of the Securities Market Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) (the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the legal 
regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing legislation. 
Belgium 
With regard to Instruments having a maturity of less than 12 months (and which therefore fall outside the 
scope of the Prospectus Regulation), the Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, 
submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it shall refrain from taking any action that would be characterised as or result in a 
public offering of these Instruments in Belgium in accordance with the Belgian Law on public offerings of 
investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated markets, as 
amended or replaced from time to time. The Instruments are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers, 
and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not advertise, 
offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Instruments to any Belgian Consumers, and has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, 
the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to such Instruments, directly or indirectly, 
to any Belgian Consumer. 
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer " has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 
février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for 
purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Japan 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any Instruments in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
"Corporations Act")) in relation to the Programme or any of the Instruments has been, or will be, lodged 
with, or registered by, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") or any other 
regulatory authority in Australia. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it:

--- Page 141 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 131 - 
70-41013597 
 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite 
applications, for the issue, sale or purchase of the Instruments in, to or from Australia (including 
an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information memorandum, 
prospectus or any other offering material or advertisement relating to the Programme or any 
Instruments in Australia, 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent 
in an alternative currency and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or 
its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors 
in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
such action complies with applicable laws, regulations and directives; 
(iii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act; and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia. 
By applying for Instruments under this Base Prospectus, each person to whom Instruments are issued (an 
"Investor"): 
(a) 
will be deemed by the Issuer, the Guarantor and each of the Dealers to have acknowledged that if 
any Investor on-sells Instruments within 12 months from their issue, the Investor will be required 
to lodge a prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) with ASIC 
unless either: 
(i) 
that sale is to an investor within one of the categories set out in sections 708(8) or 708(11) 
of the Corporations Act to whom it is lawful to offer Instruments in Australia without a 
prospectus or other disclosure document lodged with ASIC; or 
(ii) 
the sale offer is received outside Australia; and 
(b) 
will be deemed by the Issuer, the Guarantor and each of the Dealers to have undertaken not to sell 
those Instruments in any circumstances other than those described in paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2) 
above for 12 months after the date of issue of such Instruments. 
This Base Prospectus is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, an advertisement or public 
offering of the Instruments in Australia. 
This Base Prospectus may only be distributed to investors in Australia and any offer of Instruments may 
only be made to investors in Australia, in each case subject to the conditions set out above, on behalf of a 
Dealer by its affiliate holding an Australian Financial Services Licence permitting such licence holder to 
distribute this Base Prospectus and to offer the Instruments to investors in Australia. 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Instruments, other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "Prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and

--- Page 142 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 132 - 
70-41013597 
 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Instruments, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Instruments which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Instruments will not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within 
the People's Republic of China (which, for such purposes, not including Hong Kong and Macau Special 
Administrative Regions or Taiwan (the "PRC")). This Base Prospectus, the Instruments and any material 
or information contained or incorporated by reference herein in relation to the Instruments have not been, 
and will not be, submitted to or approved/verified by or registered with the China Securities Regulatory 
Commission ("CSRC") or other relevant governmental and regulatory authorities in the PRC pursuant to 
relevant laws and regulations and thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection 
with any offer for the subscription or sale of the Instruments in the PRC. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any material or information contained or incorporated by reference herein constitutes an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. 
The Instruments may only be invested by PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in 
the Instruments of the type being offered or sold. PRC investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant 
government regulatory approvals/licences, verification and/or registrations themselves, including, but not 
limited to, any which may be required from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, CSRC, the 
China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying 
with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations 
and/or overseas investment regulations. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Instruments or caused the Instruments to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Instruments or cause the Instruments to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Instruments, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Instruments are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be

--- Page 143 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 133 - 
70-41013597 
 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Instruments pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
No Instruments may be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit any Instruments 
to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any Instruments constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating 
to any Instruments may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken to the Issuer and the Guarantor, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that, to the best 
of its knowledge and belief, it has complied and will comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Instruments 
or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Instruments or possess, distribute or 
publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer 
be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer and the Guarantor.

--- Page 144 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 134 - 
70-41013597 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Any Tranche of Instruments intended to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be so admitted upon submission to the Euronext Dublin 
of the relevant Final Terms and any other information required by the Euronext Dublin, subject to 
the issue of the relevant Instruments. Prior to official listing and acceptance of the Instruments to 
trading, dealings in the Instruments will be permitted by Euronext Dublin, in accordance with its 
rules. 
However, Instruments may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be listed with such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the sole shareholder of the 
Issuer passed on 30 December 2004 and the giving of the Guarantee by the Guarantor in relation 
to the update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Executive Commission of 
the Board of Directors of the Guarantor passed on 24 March 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will 
obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Instruments, if any. 
3. 
The Instruments have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification 
Number in relation to the Instruments of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating 
thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted 
the relevant Instruments for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
4. 
Bearer Instruments (other than Temporary Global Instruments (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments - Form and Denomination")) and any Coupon appertaining thereto 
will bear a legend substantially to the following effect: "Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." The sections 
referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Bearer Instrument or 
Coupon generally will not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or 
redemption of such Bearer Instrument or Coupon and any gain (which might otherwise be 
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as 
ordinary income. 
5. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Issue and 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar in relation to each Tranche of Instruments. 
6. 
The admission of Instruments issued under the Programme to listing on the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin is expected to take effect on or about 15 April 
2021. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
7. 
Save as described in "Risk Factors - Risks relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor - Telefónica 
and Telefónica Group companies are party to lawsuits, antitrust, tax claims and other legal 
proceedings" on pages 12 to 14 of this Base Prospectus, under "Telefónica S.A. - Legal 
Proceedings" on pages 105 through 109 of this Base Prospectus and under "Telefónica S.A. - Tax 
Proceedings" on pages 110 through 112 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of 
which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
8. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer, save as described in "Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. – Recent 
Developments" on page 86 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 145 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 135 - 
70-41013597 
 
9. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Guarantor and the Group. Since 31 December 2020 there has been no significant change in the 
financial position or financial performance of the Guarantor and the Group, save as described in 
"Telefónica S.A. – Recent Developments" on pages 86 to 87 of this Base Prospectus. 
10. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L., with its 
registered address at Torres PwC, Paseo de la Castellana, 259B, 28046 Madrid, Spain, registered 
in the ROAC under number S0242 and unqualified opinions were reported thereon. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores S.L. audited the annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and unqualified opinions were reported 
thereon. 
11. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Instruments shall be outstanding, copies of 
the following documents (and, where applicable, direct and accurate translation into English) may 
be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent 
and Principal Registrar (or other, the specified office(s) of the Paying Agent(s) in the United 
Kingdom) and at the registered/head office of the Issuer and the Guarantor or at 
www.telefonica.com, namely: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer and the by-laws of the Guarantor together with 
translations into English (in each case as the same may be updated from time to time); 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto; 
(c) 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(f) 
English language translations of the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Guarantor, and the reports referred to therein for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019; 
(g) 
English language translations of the annual accounts of the Issuer, and the reports referred 
to therein, for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019; and 
(h) 
any Final Terms relating to Instruments which are listed on any stock exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
12. 
The Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier is 549300Y5MFC45W5Z3K71. The Guarantor's Legal Entity 
Identifier is 549300EEJH4FEPDBBR25. 
13. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing 
agent for the Issuer (and not on its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission of 
the Instruments to the Official List and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
14. 
Credit Ratings 
Telefónica has been assigned long term credit ratings of BBB- (stable outlook), Baa3 (stable 
outlook), BBB (stable outlook), respectively, by S&P, Moody's and Fitch. Telefónica has been 
assigned short term credit ratings of A3, P3 and F2, respectively, by S&P, Moody's and Fitch. Each 
of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.  The ratings S&P, Moody's and Fitch have given Telefónica have been endorsed 
by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Moody's Investors Service Ltd and Fitch Ratings Ltd.,

--- Page 146 ---
10154072406-v49 
- 136 - 
70-41013597 
 
respectively, which are established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_EU/delegate/getPDF?articleId=2017758&type=COMME
NTS&subType=REGULATORY, (i) a long term credit rating of "BBB" exhibits adequate 
protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more 
likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligations and 
(ii) a short-term credit rating of "A3" exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken an obligor's capacity to 
meet its financial commitments on the obligation. In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
on 
https://www.moodys.com/sites/products/AboutMoodysRatingsAttachments/MoodysRatingSymb
olsandDefinitions.pdf, (i) a long term credit rating of "Baa3" indicates obligations which are judged 
to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative 
characteristics and (ii) a short-term credit rating of "P3" indicates an acceptable ability to repay 
short-term obligations. In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus on https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions (i) a long term credit 
rating of "BBB" indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this capacity and (ii) a short term credit rating of "F2" indicates 
a good capacity for timely payment of financial commitments relative to other issuers or 
obligations in the same country or monetary union. However, the margin of safety is not as great 
as in the case of the higher ratings.

--- Page 147 ---
10154072406-v49 
 
70-41013597 
 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Telefónica Emisiones, S.A.U. 
Gran Vía, 28 
28013 Madrid 
Spain 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
Telefónica, S.A. 
Gran Vía, 28 
28013 Madrid 
Spain 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda 28 
Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena, 11 
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1 
28027 Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A.
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan AG  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands  
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse, 12 
81925 Munich

--- Page 148 ---
10154072406-v49 
 
70-41013597 
 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores S.L. 
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259B 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT AND PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
ALTERNATIVE REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor as to Spanish tax law 
Uría Menéndez Abogados, S.L.P. 
Príncipe de Vergara, 187 
28002 Madrid 
Spain 
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law 
Clifford Chance S.L.P.U. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom