--- Page 1 ---
10231334532-v37 
 
70-41031940 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
TELENOR ASA 
(incorporated as a limited company in the Kingdom of Norway) 
 
€10,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), Telenor ASA (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue 
debt securities (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in 
other currencies), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives. Telenor ASA and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a 
whole is referred to herein as "Telenor" or the "Group". 
Notes may be issued in bearer form only ("Bearer Notes"), in registered form only ("Registered Notes") or in uncertificated book entry form cleared 
through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Oslo) ("VPS Notes" and the "VPS" 
respectively). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. "EU Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), which is the 
Luxembourg competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 
for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes issued under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus during the period of 
twelve months after the date hereof. 
The Issuer has further requested that the CSSF send to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the "NFSA") in its capacity 
as the competent authority in Norway (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, for purposes of listing Notes on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market (the "Oslo Børs"). 
The CSSF has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. The CSSF 
assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act relating to 
prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du 
règlement (UE 2017/1129)). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval until 10 November 2023. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Applications have been made for Notes (other than VPS Notes) to be admitted during the period of 
twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been; (i) admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (ii) 
admitted to trading and listed on the Oslo Børs. The regulated market of each of the Olso Børs and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption 
is available under Article 1(4) or Article 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes 
for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes) 
be set out in a Final Terms (the "Final Terms") which will be filed with the CSSF and further distributed to the NFSA. Copies of Final Terms in 
relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes listed on the Oslo Børs will be published on the website of the Oslo Børs  
(www.euronext.com/nb/markets/oslo). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in 
respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement 
document (the "Pricing Supplement"). 
Each Series (as defined below) of Notes in bearer form will initially be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a 
"temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a "permanent Global Note"). Notes in registered form will be represented

--- Page 2 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 2 - 
70-41031940 
 
by registered certificates (each a "Certificate"), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire holding of registered Notes of one 
Series. Global Notes and Certificates may (or in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will) be deposited on the issue date with 
a common depositary or, as the case may be, a common safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"), and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes 
are described in "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form". Each Series of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated book 
entry form, as more fully described under "Overview of Provisions Relating to VPS Notes" below. On or before the issue date of each Series of VPS 
Notes, entries may be made with the VPS to evidence the debt represented by such VPS Notes to accountholders with the VPS. VPS Notes will be 
issued in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to VPS Notes from time to time. 
The Programme is not rated. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to Telenor or to Notes already issued. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Each of Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (which issue corporate ratings of Telenor) is established 
in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, each 
of Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation. Please also refer to "Credit ratings may not reflect all risks" in the "Risk Factors" section of this Base Prospectus. The 
ratings of Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited are endorsed by Moody's Investors Services Limited and 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, which are each established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). 
This Base Prospectus does not affect any Notes already in issue. 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
Barclays 
Citigroup 
Danske Bank 
HSBC 
ING 
Mizuho 
MUFG 
Nordea 
SEB 
SMBC 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
10 November 2022

--- Page 3 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 1 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme, and declares that to the best of its knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus contains no omission likely 
to affect its import. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined in "General Description of the Programme"). The Dealers and 
any of their respective affiliates also do not accept any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer 
or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"), the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of Notes). 
Notes Issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer accepts any responsibility for any sustainability assessment of any Notes 
issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes or makes any representation or warranty or assurance as to whether 
such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding assets with sustainability 
characteristics. None of the Dealers is responsible for monitoring, or reporting on, the satisfaction of the 
Sustainability Performance Target(s), any related revision thereof or any recalculation, or adjustment 
thereof or of any baseline related thereto. 
Sustainalytics has issued an independent opinion on the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework 
(the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental 
and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment 
in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of 
any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation 
or assurance is given by the Dealers or the Issuer as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party 
Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue 
of Notes issued as Sustainability Linked Notes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight, and there 
is no equivalent to the EU green bond standard or equivalent labelling scheme for sustainability-linked 
notes. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed 
to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or the Issuer, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes and 
is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the 
Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second 
Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein. The Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework may also be subject to review 
and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time 
and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's 
Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 4 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 2 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers or the Issuer that such listing or admission will be 
obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include 
a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules")is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information document required

--- Page 5 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 3 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification 
of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such 
reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will indicate whether or not the benchmark is 
provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The administrators of STIBOR 
(Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB) for authorisation in accordance with the BMR Article 34 on 
27 December 2021 with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) and STIBOR 
may continue to be used during the authorisation process unless and until such authorisation is refused. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject 
to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and 
on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, nor an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any document incorporated by reference nor any other financial statements 
are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any document incorporated by reference should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee undertakes to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus, nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee.

--- Page 6 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 4 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the produced information inaccurate or misleading. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SUITABILITY OF THE NOTES TO 
INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help 
of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "NKr" 
or "NOK" are to Norwegian Kroner, and "US$", "USD" or "US dollars" are to United States dollars. In 
addition, all references to "euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the single currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 1 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 31 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 33 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ....................................................................................................... 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 58 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 98 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............. 99 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO VPS NOTES ............................................................. 104 
TELENOR ASA ....................................................................................................................................... 105 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 115 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 118 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 122 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................... 124

--- Page 8 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 2 - 
70-41031940 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement). Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall 
have the same meanings in this general description. The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may 
be issued in a form other than that contemplated in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein, in which 
event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes and if appropriate, a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
will be published. 
This section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of the 
delegated Regulation 2019/980. 
Issuer 
Telenor ASA (with organisational registration no. 982 463 718 in the 
Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises) 
Description 
Debt Issuance Programme. Up to €10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in 
other currencies at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Danske Bank A/S 
HSBC Bank plc 
ING Bank N.V. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to "Dealers" are 
to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect 
of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar 
Citibank Europe PLC 
VPS Account Manager 
DNB Bank ASA 
Transfer and Paying Agents 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch and Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg, société anonyme 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers.

--- Page 9 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 3 - 
70-41031940 
 
Notes with a maturity of less 
than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue will, 
if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. 
 
Under Part III of the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019, prospectuses 
relating to money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less 
than 12 months and complying also with the definition of securities are 
not subject to the approval provisions of Part IV of such law. 
Denomination of Notes 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that: (i) in the case of any Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public either in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under either the EU Prospectus Regulation or Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"), the minimum Specified Denomination shall 
be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the Notes); and (ii) the minimum Specified Denomination of 
each Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency - see "Notes 
with a maturity of less than one year" above. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only ("Bearer Notes"), in 
registered form only ("Registered Notes") or in uncertificated book 
entry form cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS Notes" and the "VPS", 
respectively). Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be represented on 
issue by a temporary Global Note if: (i) definitive Notes are to be made 
available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after their issue 
date; or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year 
and are being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined in 
"General Description of the Programme – Selling Restrictions"), 
otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global 
Note. Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire holding 
of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates representing Registered 
Notes that are registered in the name of a nominee for one or more 
clearing systems are referred to as "Global Certificates". VPS Notes 
will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title. 
Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting of VPS 
Notes to accounts with the VPS. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
any maturity from one month. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"), having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), on the same or different

--- Page 10 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 4 - 
70-41031940 
 
issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the 
relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement). 
Issuer's 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier (LEI) 
549300IM1QSBY4SLPM26 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant 
Dealer or, in relation to VPS Notes, the VPS. 
Initial Delivery of Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Certificate representing Registered 
Notes may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, shall) be deposited with a common depositary or, as the case 
may be, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Global Notes or Certificates relating to Notes that are not 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may also be deposited with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and 
the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or 
more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name of 
nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
 
The Notes may be settled on a delivery against payment basis or a 
delivery free of payment basis, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series by reference to EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as adjusted for 
any applicable margin. Interest periods will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement). 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest 
Periods 
and 
Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or 
be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. All such information will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement). 
Exempt Notes 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
in which event the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event: 
The relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) will state whether a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event will

--- Page 11 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 5 - 
70-41031940 
 
apply to the Notes, in which case, if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Interest) applies, the rate of interest in respect of the Notes may be 
subject to upward adjustment as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) or, if 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) applies, a premium 
amount may be payable as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
A Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is linked to the failure of the 
Issuer to achieve certain specified Sustainability Performance Targets 
in relation to any relevant key performance indicator or the failure of 
the Issuer to report on such key performance indicator(s) in relation to 
an applicable Base Year (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement). 
 
In the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement indicates that 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is applicable, (i) if one 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an increase in the Rate 
of Interest will occur no more than once following the occurrence of the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, (ii) if two or more 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement with only one 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin, an increase in the Rate of 
Interest will occur no more than once following the occurrence of one 
or more of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events and (iii) 
during the term of the Sustainability-Linked Notes, if two or more 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement together with two or 
more Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margins, the related combination 
of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margins relating to such 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events may be applicable for the 
remaining term of the Sustainability-Linked Notes following the 
occurrence of such Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the case of any Sustainability-Linked Notes that 
state only that Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is 
applicable, following any such increase to the Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest will not subsequently decrease to the initial Rate of Interest 
during the remaining term of such Sustainability-Linked Notes and no 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount(s) will be payable as a result of 
the occurrence of a relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event. 
 
In the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement indicates that 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is applicable, (i) if two 
or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement with 
only one Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount, only one 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount will be payable following the 
occurrence of one or more of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Events and (ii) during the term of the Sustainability-Linked Notes, if 
two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement together 
with two or more Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margins, the related 
combination of Sustainability-Linked Premium Amounts may be 
payable following the occurrence of the Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Events. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any Sustainability-
Linked Notes that state only that Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Premium) is applicable, no increase in the Rate of Interest will occur

--- Page 12 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 6 - 
70-41031940 
 
as a result of the occurrence of a relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event. 
See Condition 5(c) (Interest and other Calculations – Sustainability-
Linked Notes) for further details. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes (or the Pricing 
Supplement, issued in respect of each issue of Exempt Notes) will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders 
(whether upon the occurrence of a Put Event (as described in 
Condition 6(f)(ii)) and/or otherwise), and if so any particular terms 
applicable to such redemption. 
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax 
reasons. See Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options). 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes of the 
Kingdom of Norway, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In that event, the Issuer shall, subject to certain exceptions 
described in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or deducted. 
Status of Notes 
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer, as described in Condition 3 (Status). 
Negative Pledge 
The Notes will contain a Negative Pledge as described in Condition 4. 
Cross-Default 
The Notes will contain a Cross-Default as described in Condition 10. 
Ratings 
The Programme is not rated. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Telenor or to Notes 
already issued. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
 
Each of Moody's Investors Services España, S.A. and S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (which issue corporate ratings of Telenor) is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. As such, each of Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. 
and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Please also refer to "Credit ratings may not reflect all risks" in the "Risk 
Factors" section of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation.

--- Page 13 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 7 - 
70-41031940 
 
Listing, 
Approval 
and 
Admission to Trading 
Other than VPS Notes, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a 
base prospectus. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes (other than VPS Notes) issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Applications may be made to list VPS Notes on the Oslo Børs. Any such 
applications will be in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
governing the listing of VPS Notes on the Oslo Børs from time to time. 
A Series of Notes may also be unlisted. 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by and shall be construed 
in accordance with English law. 
 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time, 
and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are 
subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and 
any related regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States, EEA, Belgium, UK, Norway and Japan, and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with a particular issue of 
Notes. See "Subscription and Sale". 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D), (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("TERFA D"), unless: (i) the 
relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement) states that Notes are issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. 1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code) ("TEFRA C") or (ii) the Notes are issued other than 
in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in 
which the Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" 
under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement in the case of 
Exempt Notes) as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Use of Proceeds  
If, in respect of an individual issue of Notes, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). In particular, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes), the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from an 
offer of Notes specifically for Eligible Projects. Such Notes may also be 
referred to as "Green Bonds". See "Use of Proceeds" below.

--- Page 14 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 8 - 
70-41031940 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under or in respect 
of the Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any of the risks described below could have a material adverse impact 
on Telenor's business, financial condition and results of operations and could therefore have a negative 
effect on the Issuer's ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes. 
The information below does not purport to be exhaustive. The inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not 
be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may 
not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors are presented in categories which are numbered 1. to 9. Where a risk factor may be 
categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category 
for such risk factor. The most material risk in a category is presented first under that category, where 
materiality has been determined based on the probability of occurrence and expected magnitude of negative 
impact of risk. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality of 
occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions" or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have 
the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. 
A.  
Risks which are specific and material to the Issuer and may have a material effect on the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
1. 
Regulatory risks 
The regulatory environment could adversely affect Telenor's telecommunications licences and business 
operations. 
Telenor's operations are subject to extensive specific regulatory requirements in every country in which it 
operates. Telenor is required to comply with sector-specific regulation (including access and price 
regulation) governing the licensing, construction and operation of Telenor's telecommunications, cable 
television, broadcasting and satellite networks and services applicable to the telecommunications industry 
in each of the markets in which Telenor operates, as well as competition and consumer protection laws. In 
certain of these markets, regulators view Telenor as having significant market power and have therefore 
subjected Telenor to additional regulatory obligations and in some cases constraints that apply only to 
Telenor. The regulatory framework applicable to Telenor as a domestic operator in Norway or as a foreign 
operator in the other markets in which it operates may be restrictive and could impair Telenor's ability to 
compete effectively in its existing or new markets, and may adversely affect its ability to operate its 
business. For further country-specific detail, see the sections headed "Telenor ASA" and "Telenor ASA - 
Legal Disputes and Contingencies", below. 
Changes in legislation, regulations, government policy or enforcement may adversely impact Telenor's 
business and results. Regulatory changes that can significantly affect the communications industry include 
the renewal of spectrum licences, the grant of new licences to existing or new operators, restructuring of 
the licensing regime, privacy regulations, mandated tariff reductions, number portability, sharing sites and 
towers and environmental compliance. It is also possible that new regulations could bar existing operators 
from acquiring additional licences. 
Telenor's operations in EU countries are regulated according to the EU regulatory framework. New or 
changed EU regulation may impact Telenor's business. 
EU legislation is applicable in all EU/EEA Member States and applies to Telenor's subsidiaries in Denmark, 
Finland and Sweden. In addition, the legislation applies to Norway under the European Economic Area 
Agreement.

--- Page 15 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 9 - 
70-41031940 
 
In the EU, in December 2018, Directive (EU) 2018/1972 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
entered into force. The directive established a European Electronic Communications Code (the "EECC") 
– a comprehensive set of new or revised rules for the telecommunications sector – which should have been 
implemented in national legislation and regulations of EU Member States by 21 December 2020 at the 
latest. On 4 February 4, 2021, the Commission opened infringement procedures against 24 Member States 
for failing to implement the European Electronic Communications Code (EECC) into national legislation 
by the transposition deadline of 21 December 2020. The EECC is yet to be implemented in some of the 
European markets in which Telenor operates – for instance, in Sweden. Certain provisions included in the 
EECC are extensive and complex, so the implications of the EECC framework and its impact on operators 
such as Telenor will largely depend on how it continues to be interpreted and transposed into national 
legislation. However, the provisions regarding intra-EU communication caps that have been in force since 
15 May 2019 have already had a negative impact on Telenor's European operations.  
Further EU telecommunications regulation that might impact Telenor’s business includes rules on net 
neutrality (adopted in 2015), the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and rules on 
international roaming. The rules on international roaming have eliminated fees for roaming within Europe, 
which negatively affect Telenor's operations in Europe and Norway. The net neutrality rules restrict 
Telenor's ability to offer certain services in the EU and Norway. As a result of the ruling of the European 
Court of Justice in 2021 that found zero-rated offers to infringe the net neutrality principle, Telenor's 
European operations will have to cease providing such offers. The longer term, potential impact of the net 
neutrality rules on 5G-based services remains unclear. 
The GDPR has been directly applicable in all Member States since 15 May 2018 and implementing 
measures have been introduced by Member States, including Denmark, Finland and Sweden. The GDPR, 
whose content has become a benchmark for the European countries in which Telenor operates, regulates 
the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement 
of such data. In addition, progress continues to be made on the proposal for a future European regulation 
concerning the respect for privacy and protection of personal data in electronic communications (the "e-
Privacy Regulation", presented by the European Commission on 10 January 2017), which – if approved - 
would repeal and replace Directive 2002/58/EC. If approved, this proposal could establish additional and 
more restrictive rules than those established in the GDPR, which may increase compliance risks and costs 
for Telenor. The future ePrivacy Regulation is not expected to be adopted before the end of 2022. 
EU regulation and legislation will continue to have a significant effect on Telenor's markets and business. 
Currently ongoing legislative processes introducing new regulation regarding network security, artificial 
intelligence and data sharing with governments, consumers and other businesses may also introduce new 
restrictions on the business and compliance requirements for Telenor's European operations. 
Telenor is subject to extensive regulatory requirements in Norway. 
The regulatory framework in Norway, which is based on the EU regulatory framework, may impair 
Telenor's ability to compete effectively. In particular, Telenor is required to comply with sector-specific 
regulation governing the licensing, construction and operation of telecommunications, cable TV, 
broadcasting and satellite networks and services, as well as competition and consumer protection laws 
applicable to the telecommunications industry. 
Telenor is viewed by the Norwegian Communications Authority as having significant market power in fixed 
access and mobile wholesale markets defined under the EU regulatory framework. As a result, Telenor is 
subject to additional regulatory obligations and constraints that apply only to Telenor, including 
requirements related to pricing, cost accounting, reporting and non-discrimination. 
These and other new requirements may impair Telenor's flexibility to set tariff structures or innovate on 
pricing or may require Telenor to further reduce rates or prolong the lifetime of non-profitable business 
areas, which may adversely affect revenues and net income. In addition, if Telenor is required to change 
the terms on which Telenor provides certain wholesale services, its competitors may benefit or, in certain 
circumstances, gain significant competitive advantage.

--- Page 16 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 10 - 
70-41031940 
 
Increased and unpredictable regulation of Telenor's international operations and investments and the 
lack of institutional continuity, timely involvement of regulators and safeguards in certain of the 
emerging market countries in which Telenor operates, could adversely affect Telenor's competitive 
position, increase Telenor's cost of regulatory compliance and adversely affect Telenor's results and 
business prospects. 
Telenor derives the majority of its revenues and profits (or losses) from its international mobile operations 
and investments. This expansion into global markets has been accompanied by increased regulation in the 
majority of the markets in which Telenor operates. As a result, regulatory uncertainty or unfavourable 
regulatory developments in certain countries could adversely affect Telenor's results and business prospects. 
Some countries, often referred to as emerging markets, typically lack the institutional continuity and strong 
procedural and regulatory safeguards typical of the more established countries in which Telenor operates, 
such as Norway, Denmark, Finland and Sweden. 
Examples of risk and challenges Telenor faces in emerging market countries include restrictions in the 
ability to participate in the full value chain, legal restrictions on foreign ownership and foreign direct 
investments, weak institutional capacity and inconsistency in regulatory decisions. As a result, in emerging 
markets Telenor is exposed to regulatory and legal uncertainty, which is likely to increase uncertainty with 
regard to Telenor's business prospects as well as its regulatory compliance costs. 
Telenor's material licences may not be renewed, or may be suspended or revoked, or it may be fined or 
penalised for alleged violations of applicable law or regulations. 
Telenor's business depends on the issuance, validity and renewal of its telecommunications, broadcasting 
and business licences. The terms of Telenor's licences require it to meet certain conditions established by 
the legislation regulating the communications industry, as well as to maintain minimum quality, service and 
coverage standards. If Telenor fails to comply with these or other conditions of its licences or with the 
requirements regulating the communications industry generally, or if it does not obtain permits for the 
operation of equipment, use of frequencies or additional licences for broadcasting directly or through 
agreements with broadcasting companies, Telenor anticipates that it would have an opportunity to cure any 
non-compliance. However, Telenor may not receive an anticipated grace period, and any grace afforded to 
it may not be sufficient to allow Telenor to cure its non-compliance in which case any such non-compliant 
licence may be revoked or suspended or Telenor may be subject to fines or other administrative actions. 
Telenor's ability to comply with these conditions is subject in certain respects to factors beyond Telenor's 
control. 
Some of the licences include provisions that might limit the opportunity for Telenor to pursue certain 
strategic options. Such provisions might for instance include requirements for regulatory approval of 
transactions, limitations on foreign shareholdings as well as restrictions on cross- ownership in the 
telecommunications sector. 
Telenor's ability to renew its telecommunications and broadcasting licences is subject to a number of factors 
beyond Telenor's control, such as the prevailing regulatory, competitive and political environment at the 
time of renewal. In some cases, as a condition for a licence renewal, Telenor may be required to accept new 
and stricter terms and service requirements, including increased licence fees. The occurrence of any of these 
events could materially adversely affect Telenor's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Telenor may fail to acquire licences in new or existing markets, and Telenor's right to utilise spectrum 
resources may be limited. 
Telenor depends on licences and access to spectrum resources in order to provide communications services 
in new markets and to satisfy future subscriber growth in its existing markets. Further, Telenor's ability to 
offer mobile services in its markets depends upon it obtaining licences or entering into agreements with 
operators that have been awarded such licences. Failure to establish Telenor among the providers of mobile 
services may limit Telenor's ability to achieve further revenue growth in mobile communications. In some 
situations, assignment of new spectrum licences may have a significant impact on the competitive 
environment. If Telenor is not successful in acquiring spectrum licences or is required to pay higher fees 
for licences than expected, this could impact Telenor's business strategy and/or Telenor could incur 
additional capital expenditure to maximise the utilisation of existing spectrum. In addition, if a competitor, 
but not Telenor, obtains one of these new licences or access to additional spectrum, particularly in densely

--- Page 17 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 11 - 
70-41031940 
 
populated areas, the competitive environment in which Telenor operates will change and Telenor's business 
and competitive position in that market could be adversely affected. 
Introduction of or increase in sector-specific taxes, fees and levies may adversely impact Telenor's 
business. 
In several of the countries where Telenor operates, the government has imposed sector-specific taxes, fees 
and levies. The introduction of, or increase in, sector-specific taxes and levies may adversely impact 
Telenor's business. In recent years such sector-specific taxes and fees have been imposed on Telenor in 
Asian markets in which Telenor operates, often at short notice and without proper consultation. 
Regulatory intervention may reduce Telenor's flexibility to manage its business. 
In most of the countries where Telenor operates, the flexibility to manage Telenor's business is limited by 
regulations to which Telenor is subject. For example, in most of the markets where Telenor operates, the 
wholesale market (copper and fibre access, mobile termination rates, site sharing, etc.) is to some extent 
regulated. Changes to terms and conditions for wholesale access (including regulated prices) may 
negatively impact Telenor's business. 
From time to time new entrants may request access to network resources such as national roaming from 
Telenor and interconnection to Telenor's network. The regulator may intervene in negotiations regarding 
access and interconnection, imposing terms which may differ from the terms on which Telenor would 
otherwise have provided those services. 
Certain governments and regulators have taken an increased interest in regulating cross-border data transfer, 
which could negatively influence Telenor's operations or limit future possibilities for adapting Telenor's 
operations to new ways of offering network and services. Similarly, increased consumer and regulatory 
interest in privacy and data retention could negatively impact Telenor's operations. 
The GDPR is one example of such a regulation. Telenor has invested and worked systematically to ensure 
compliance to the GDPR regulation. 
2. 
Operational risks 
Telenor's business, earnings and financial condition have been and will continue to be affected by any 
deterioration in the global economic outlook and geopolitical developments. 
Telenor's results of operations are materially affected by uncertainty in the worldwide financial markets and 
macro-economic conditions generally. A wide variety of factors, including concerns over slow growth, high 
sovereign debt within, and to a lesser degree outside, the Eurozone, the stability and solvency of financial 
institutions, longer-term low interest rates in developed markets, inflationary threats as well as geopolitical 
issues in different regions, including the Middle East, Russia, Ukraine, China, Taiwan and North Africa, 
together with a lack of a decisive political majority in a number of countries have contributed to increased 
volatility in the financial markets in recent years and have diminished growth expectations for the global 
economy going forward. 
Factors relating to general economic conditions, such as consumer spending, business investment, 
government spending, the volatility and strength of both debt and equity markets, and inflation, all affect 
the profitability of the Telenor Group's business. In a sustained economic phase of low growth and high 
public debt, characterised by higher unemployment, lower household income, lower corporate products and 
services could be adversely affected and could lead to customers switching to lower-cost alternatives 
offered by Telenor's competitors. The following may significantly impact Telenor's earnings and financial 
position: (i) a deterioration and volatility in the global economy, the equity and bonds markets, and the 
telecommunications sector; (ii) a deterioration in business and consumer confidence, employment trends, 
the liquidity of global financial markets, and the availability and cost of credit; and (iii) volatility in inflation 
and market interest rates. The exact nature of all the risks and uncertainties Telenor faces as a result of the 
global financial crisis and global economic outlook cannot be predicted and many of these factors are 
beyond Telenor's control. In addition, disruption, uncertainty or volatility in the stock and adverse changes 
in credit markets or Telenor's credit ratings could increase the cost of borrowing and banks may not be 
willing to renew credit facilities on existing terms. Any of these risks may limit Telenor's ability to access 
the capital necessary to implement, finance or refinance its capital and other expenditure. Any refinancing 
or additional financing may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

--- Page 18 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 12 - 
70-41031940 
 
In early 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a strain of a novel coronavirus 
disease ("Covid-19"), a global pandemic. Governments in affected areas imposed a number of stringent 
measures designed to control the outbreaks (including, but not limited to, quarantines, lockdowns, closure 
of public services, closure of retail operations, restrictions/closure of leisure and hospitality operations, 
travel restrictions, border controls and other measures to discourage or prohibit the movement of people). 
The Covid-19 pandemic has had a negative macro-economic impact globally since it materialised. Although 
the negative economic impact of the Covid-19 pandemic in general has subsided during 2022 thus far as a 
result of prioritized vaccination drives globally, at present, it is not possible to fully ascertain the full impact 
of Covid-19 on Telenor's business. The most recent waves of Covid-19 have caused minimal disruption to 
supply chains, access to resources, maintenance of infrastructure and availability of employees to carry out 
functions with higher productivity. However, the full extent of the Covid-19 pandemic's effect on Telenor's 
business and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread and 
intensity of the continuing pandemic, any resurgence or mutation or variation of Covid-19, the availability 
of vaccines and their global deployment, the development of effective treatments and the imposition of 
effective public safety measures (for example in China). 
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine, starting with a large-scale military operation 
attacking Ukraine from the Black Sea, the Russian border in the east and Belarus in the north. Since then, 
the invasion has resulted in increased market volatility across the globe, in particular in Europe, and 
extensive new sanctions have been imposed on Russian and Belarussian agencies and financial institutions, 
individuals, and their foreign assets by the European Union, the United States, and the United Kingdom 
(among others). The extent and duration of the military action, resulting sanctions and future market 
disruptions, including energy supply and cost issues, in the region, and globally are impossible to predict. 
Moreover, the ongoing effects of the hostilities and increasing sanctions may not be limited to Russia and 
Russian companies and may spill over to and negatively impact other regional and global economic 
markets, including in Europe. In the event of prolonged conflict, there could be higher inflation, threats to 
critical infrastructure and disruption in the financial markets and energy supply in Europe. In addition, the 
escalating tension between Taiwan and China as to the political status of Taiwan, could also have a 
substantial impact on global trade from both China and Taiwan, which would seriously affect Telenor's and 
its vendors' ability to source and manage Telenor's production assets. These geopolitical developments, 
among other things, could put material pressure on the global supply chain and have a material adverse 
effect on Telenor's business. 
These risks require close and continuous monitoring and are being closely followed up at both local and 
Group level. 
Telenor may not be able to increase its revenue or maintain profitability, notwithstanding its introduction 
of new services. 
If Telenor fails successfully to develop and market new mobile communications services in the markets in 
which Telenor operates, Telenor's ability to achieve further revenue growth from mobile communications 
services may be constrained. 
Telenor is a market leader in Norway and a leading operator in some of the other markets in which Telenor 
operates. For example, in 2019, Telenor opened Scandinavia's largest 5G pilot and reaffirmed its 3G 
holdings in Norway to strengthen its 4G position, and also launched 5G commercially in March 2020. Due 
to increasing, and, in some cases, already high penetration rates and increased competition in these markets, 
as well as the ongoing strong growth of data traffic, Telenor expects that further revenue growth from 
mobile communications services in these markets will partly depend on Telenor's ability successfully to 
develop and market new applications and services or have third parties provide services to Telenor's 
customers on its network. In particular, Telenor strives to stimulate demand for value-added services among 
its existing customers. If a new service launched by Telenor is not technically or commercially successful 
or launched according to expected schedules, or limitations in existing services affect customer experience, 
the revenue growth would not be achieved. Moreover, this affects Telenor's ability to attract new customers 
or maintain existing customers. If Telenor is unable to successfully market and cross-sell among its existing 
customers in these markets, Telenor's ability to achieve further revenue growth from mobile 
communications services in these markets may be impaired. Even if these services are introduced in 
accordance with expected time schedules, there is no assurance that such services will increase average 
revenue per user ("ARPU") or maintain profit margins.

--- Page 19 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 13 - 
70-41031940 
 
Telenor may not be able to increase its subscriber base or ARPU, or reduce churn rates, which could 
adversely affect Telenor's revenue, profitability and business operations. 
Developing digital channels for sales and customer support is key to increasing customer satisfaction and 
decreasing customer churn rates. The required competencies for this development are scarce, not only in 
the telecoms industry, and costs are high. 
Attracting a new subscriber costs Telenor more than to maintain an existing subscriber. Telenor's revenue 
from its existing subscribers may not be sufficient to cover the costs of attracting new subscribers or the 
increased network costs required to accommodate new subscribers on Telenor's networks. If Telenor 
experiences a substantial increase in subscriber deactivations, Telenor's profitability could be adversely 
affected, which could cause a materially negative impact on Telenor's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
To increase Telenor's subscriber base, it may be necessary to lower the rates Telenor charges, which may 
result in a corresponding decrease in ARPU. In some of its markets Telenor invests in low ARPU 
subscribers in the anticipation that they will evolve into high ARPU subscribers. In addition, Telenor may 
experience increased subscriber acquisition costs, including as a result of the provision of incentives such 
as free or highly subsidised handsets, which would increase operating costs but may not result in a 
corresponding increase in revenue. Further, regulations in the markets in which Telenor operates regarding 
pricing and promotions may restrict the methods Telenor uses to attract new subscribers. Any such failure 
to increase Telenor's subscriber base and ARPU may have a material adverse effect on Telenor's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any adverse effect on Telenor's cash flow could 
negatively impact its ability to service its obligations under the Notes. 
Telenor's mobile networks are increasingly used for business critical services, and insufficient network 
robustness may hurt business continuity. 
Rapid growth in data traffic from smartphones, tablets and a growing number of different types of machine-
to-machine or "Internet of Things" devices will generate new and possibly unpredictable traffic patterns 
and signalling behaviour from embedded applications or popular applications that Telenor's networks have 
not been designed to handle. This, in combination with immature industry standardization of the new 
generation of communication protocol stacks, may result in degraded network performance and customers' 
experience and expose new bottlenecks in networks, both nationally and internationally. 
As networks become IP-based and more dependent on software, network equipment will increasingly 
resemble IT equipment and IT systems, inheriting their vulnerability exposure as well. This will increase 
the exposure towards cybercrime threats that can either negatively impact network stability and availability 
and/or compromise privacy of information. 
Service outages may also occur due to operational incidents, including cut cables, failures in systems and 
misconfigurations, and natural hazards, including fires, floods and earthquakes, affecting critical sites (Data 
centres). Any outage (within IT and network) may impact the business continuity and reputation of Telenor, 
and possibly lead to fines. Given that some services may be delivered in cooperation with partners, cyber 
security and instability in partners' operations may also adversely affect customers' experiences. 
Telenor's ability to provide a quality customer experience and develop its business cost-effectively 
simultaneously is dependent on rolling investment in network assets and modernisation of IT. 
The majority of Telenor's operations are currently undergoing modernisation of their IT and network 
infrastructure. As part of this network transformation, business units will gradually upgrade their capacity 
and capability in order to address the trend away from voice telephony and towards data communications. 
Even if these projects (or any others which might take place in the future) are well supervised, there is a 
risk that operational disturbances (albeit temporary ones) will occur that may negatively affect Telenor's 
customers as well as Telenor's revenues. 
Telenor makes use of solutions and services from several vendors and partners. As a result, the abilities of 
these vendors/partners and the effectiveness of the measures prepared by these vendors/partners may also 
affect Telenor's ability to successfully operate and develop networks and services. 
Some of Telenor's operations are introducing network sharing with other (competing) mobile operators, 
whereby the whole or part of the Telenor network is operated by another mobile operator (and vice versa).

--- Page 20 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 14 - 
70-41031940 
 
This has a substantial positive financial benefit for both operators, but even if great care has been taken to 
make proper operational agreements, there is a small risk of temporary customer dissatisfaction and the 
gradual divergence of business ambitions for the operators Telenor shares network with. 
Telenor's ability to respond to external market developments and execute its growth strategy is reliant 
on undertaking new activities that may not deliver target outcomes and may expose Telenor to additional 
operational and financial risk. 
Telenor's business development activities and the delivery of its growth ambition involve acquisitions, 
disposals and mergers. These activities are subject to a wide range of external uncertainties (including 
discussions with potential targets) and internal uncertainties (including Telenor's ability to integrate with 
acquired or merged businesses effectively). As a result, Telenor may suffer unanticipated costs and 
liabilities and other unanticipated effects. Telenor may also be liable for the past acts, omissions or liabilities 
of companies or businesses it has acquired, which may be unforeseen or greater than anticipated. The 
occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse impact on Telenor's results of operations 
or financial condition and could also impact its ability to enter into other transactions. 
Telenor's inability to control or acquire control over companies in which it owns minority interests, or 
disagreements with Telenor's partners or co-shareholders in its international operations, may impede 
the fulfilment of Telenor's strategic objectives, and temporarily or permanently reduce Telenor's cash 
flow from these companies. 
Telenor's strategy in the markets in which it operates is to acquire control, or exercise significant influence 
over, the companies in which it invests, allowing it to exercise a sufficient influence over those companies' 
key business or strategic decisions for them to align with Telenor's business interest and financial priorities. 
When Telenor's local partners or other co-shareholders fail to co-operate in adequately supporting the 
companies in which Telenor has invested, or disagree with Telenor's strategy and business plans, these 
companies may not be able to compete or operate effectively, thereby impairing the value of Telenor's 
investments. 
Across Telenor's portfolio of operations there is depth of experience and knowledge on a broad range of 
market-related, technical and partner engagement matters that have direct relevance beyond individual 
business units. Inability to leverage this asset across Telenor's operations may contribute to sub-
optimisation. Telenor handles substantial volumes of confidential information. Loss, mismanagement or 
unauthorized disclosure of such information, for example through cybersecurity attacks, could adversely 
affect Telenor's business and reputation. 
Telenor is involved in legal proceedings that may disrupt its operations and its reporting of financial 
results. 
Telenor and its affiliated companies are involved in a number of litigation and arbitration proceedings under 
industry-specific and general laws and regulations, including with customers, competitors or regulatory 
authorities. Details of material legal proceedings are described in Note 34 (Legal disputes and 
contingencies) to the published consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2021. See also "Telenor ASA - Legal Disputes and Contingencies" and "Telenor ASA - Recent 
Developments". 
Telenor has made determinations regarding accounting provisions for these proceedings based on the advice 
of Telenor's legal counsel; however, actual decisions of courts and arbitration tribunals may not match 
Telenor's expectations and could result in large damages awards and/or other remedies against Telenor that 
affect Telenor's interests. This may also attract adverse publicity on Telenor. Any litigation or adverse 
publicity may have a material adverse effect on Telenor's business, reputation, financial condition and/or 
operating results. 
Telenor may experience repeated, prolonged or catastrophic network systems failures or technology 
systems failures with respect to its mobile telecommunications services. 
Most of Telenor's telecommunications services are provided through its mobile telecommunications 
network, comprising optic cable and microwave transmission links, and through network interconnection 
with the networks of other service providers. The quality and reliability of Telenor's telecommunications 
services depends on the stability of its network and the networks of other service providers with which it

--- Page 21 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 15 - 
70-41031940 
 
interconnects. These networks are vulnerable to damage or service interruptions caused by flooding, 
monsoons, hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, power outages, security breaches, electronic viruses, civil unrest, 
piracy or hacking, terrorist activities, network failures, network software flaws, transmission cable 
disruptions, government actions or other events beyond Telenor's control, resulting in subscriber complaints 
(and potential subscriber deactivations) over call failures and failed connection fines and potential 
regulatory fines. 
While Telenor continues to explore other alternatives for back-up power supply, such as solar power 
generators, commercially viable, cost-effective alternatives may not be available or practical. 
Repeated, prolonged or catastrophic network or systems failures could damage Telenor's business and its 
ability to attract and retain subscribers, as well as subjecting Telenor to potential claims by other 
telecommunications service providers, network operators, subscribers or regulators. 
Third parties may gain access to Telenor's network and/or confidential data unlawfully and Telenor is 
exposed to the risks of compliance failures, internal fraud or illegal activities by third parties (for 
example, hackers). 
The scale of Telenor's business and global nature of its operations means Telenor is required to process 
significant volumes of confidential information, including storage of personal information and transmitting 
data for its customers, all of which needs to be safeguarded against loss, mismanagement or unauthorised 
disclosure. Loss, alteration or unauthorized disclosure of such information due to either mishandling of the 
data or cyber-attacks may adversely affect the Group's business and reputation. There is increasing 
legislation of data and the cyber security domain across the markets Telenor operates. This together with 
increased customer expectations relating to how companies manage and safeguard personal data may result 
in both legal action or fines, and customer churn due to violations in customer's trust. Furthermore, the risk 
of cyber-attacks (such as, but not limited to, through ransomware) may in addition have a negative 
operational impact as cyber-attacks have the potential to cause disruptions in services and even damage 
critical infrastructure. Telenor has strengthened security at a strategic and operational level with global as 
well as local initiatives, and cyber security continues to have a high focus internally as cyber-attacks are 
one of the top enterprise risks. Although substantial efforts have had a positive impact on reducing the risk, 
the risk continues to be high due to a dynamic threat landscape faced by Telenor as well as the 
telecommunication industry in general. The risk is continuously being driven by geopolitical developments 
coupled with technological developments. The telecommunication industry as such is exposed due to the 
role the industry has in operating critical infrastructure and handling valuable personal data across large 
numbers of customers. 
Telenor is dependent on key suppliers and vendors as well as third-party providers for the adequate and 
timely supply and maintenance of equipment and services. 
Telenor depends on key suppliers and vendors to provide it with equipment and services that it needs to 
develop its network and upgrade and operate its business. Telenor's principal suppliers of core network, 
radio and access equipment and operational and other services may not continue to supply equipment and 
provide services to Telenor on terms that are favourable, or at all. For instance, suppliers may, among other 
things, extend delivery times, raise prices and limit supply due to their own stock shortfalls and business 
requirements or for other reasons. Telenor may experience problems such as the availability of new mobile 
handsets, higher than anticipated prices of new handsets, availability of new content services, difficulties 
with new vendors (notwithstanding thorough evaluation of such new vendors) and difficulties caused by 
country and political risk in connection with particular markets and vendors. Any failure in relation to the 
supply chain may have a material adverse effect on Telenor's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. The current ongoing conflict in Ukraine, as well as other geopolitical factors, such as imposition 
of restrictive trade measures, have had a negative effect on the telecommunications industry, for example 
by adding to global supply chain constraints and the global shortage of chipsets. 
Telenor's business depends upon the continued service of highly-skilled and qualified personnel with 
experience in the industry and the markets in which Telenor operates, and competition for such experienced 
and qualified personnel can be substantial, a challenge similarly faced by global players across the industry. 
An inability to attract, retain and motivate such highly-skilled and qualified employees through 
compensation packages within budgeted levels could adversely affect the operation, operating costs and the 
success of Telenor's business.

--- Page 22 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 16 - 
70-41031940 
 
Telenor's reputation may be harmed by violations of applicable labour laws, anti-corruption laws, and/or 
other laws and regulations by Telenor's affiliates, contractors and suppliers. 
Telenor believes that it has adequate measures in place to make sure that its affiliates, contractors and 
suppliers comply with labour laws, anti-corruption laws, and/or other laws and regulations, and is working 
to continuously improve focus on compliance with applicable laws in response to a general increase in the 
focus on compliance by national authorities and regulators. Telenor's ability, however, to monitor and make 
sure that its affiliates, contractors and suppliers, or other parties providing services to or on behalf of 
Telenor, are not in violation of applicable laws is, to an extent, limited. 
Telenor could be influenced by the Kingdom of Norway, whose interests may not always be aligned with 
the interests of Telenor's other shareholders. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Kingdom of Norway holds 53.97 per cent. of Telenor's 
outstanding shares. Accordingly, the Kingdom of Norway has the power to determine certain matters 
submitted to a shareholders' vote, including electing two-thirds of the corporate assembly which, in turn, 
has the power to elect the board of directors, as well as the power to approve the declarations of dividends, 
subject to the maximum limit proposed by the board of directors. The interests of the Kingdom of Norway 
as a shareholder in Telenor and the factors it considers in exercising its shareholder rights could be different 
from the interests of Telenor's other shareholders. 
Natural disasters, climate change and other factors beyond Telenor's control may result in unanticipated 
network or service interruptions or quality loss. 
Telenor could experience unforeseen service interruptions due to system failures, natural disasters caused 
by natural events, lack of electricity supply, network failures, hardware or software failures, theft of network 
elements or cyber-attacks. Any of the foregoing can affect the quality of, or cause interruption to, the 
provision of services by Telenor. Additionally, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns associated 
with climate change could increase the energy consumption of telecommunications networks or cause 
service disruption due to extreme temperature waves, floods or extreme weather events. Network or service 
interruptions or quality loss could cause customer dissatisfaction and a reduction in revenues and traffic, 
posing a potential risk to Telenor's reputation. Further, any necessary repairs could be expensive and could 
have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of 
Telenor. 
3. 
Industry risks 
The telecommunications industry is subject to intense competition. 
Competition in the telecommunications industry is based mainly on price, network coverage and quality 
and customer relationship management. In all markets in which Telenor operates, Telenor faces substantial 
competition from major telecommunication competitors within the existing infrastructures of these markets 
and, in most markets, a steady inflow of competitors through wholesale access. Telenor increasingly faces 
competition from competitors providing both fixed and mobile services while Telenor primarily provides 
mobile services in most of the markets in which it operates. Such competition may arise as a result of 
technological developments, the convergence of various telecommunications services, the issuance of new 
licences, allocations of spectrum, 'resource rich' competitors from adjacent markets entering Telenor's 
markets, increased level of customer churn, reduced levels of market differentiation and decline in market 
growth rates. 
Increased competition results in more aggressive pricing, which may result in slower growth in Telenor's 
subscriber base, a higher rate of subscriber churn, increased subscriber acquisition costs, slower revenue 
growth or a decline in revenue due to competitive pricing policies. 
Telenor depends on the networks and associated infrastructure of other telecommunications operators 
and roaming arrangements with international mobile operators. 
Telenor's ability to provide commercially viable and uninterrupted international, mobile and data 
communication services depends, in part, upon its arrangements with third parties, including other 
telecommunications operators. Telenor relies on network interconnection and other arrangements with other 
telecommunications operators to allow its subscribers to communicate with subscribers of other mobile and 
fixed-line telecommunications service providers. Any failure of these third parties to perform within the

--- Page 23 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 17 - 
70-41031940 
 
agreed service requirements could materially affect Telenor's business, reputation and results of operation. 
Further, Telenor may not be able to maintain its existing arrangements with these parties on terms that are 
commercially acceptable, and any material increase in costs in connection with such arrangements could 
have a material adverse effect on Telenor's business, reputation and results of operations. In addition, any 
interruption of service (including any interruptions caused by the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic) may 
impact Telenor's quality of technological service and increase its churn rate. 
Continuing rapid technological changes could increase competition or require Telenor to make 
substantial additional capital expenditures. 
The global telecommunications industry is characterised by rapid increases in the diversity and 
sophistication of the technologies and services offered. As a result, Telenor may face increasing competition 
from the application of technologies which are currently being developed, or which may be developed in 
the future, by Telenor's existing competitors, new market entrants or telecommunications equipment firms. 
Future development or application of new or alternative technologies, services or standards could require 
significant changes to Telenor's business model, the development of new products, the provision of 
additional services or substantial new investment. 
If Telenor fails to develop, or obtain timely access to, new technologies or equipment, or if Telenor fails to 
obtain the necessary licences or spectrum to provide services using these new technologies, Telenor may 
lose subscribers and market share and become less profitable, which could have a material adverse effect 
on Telenor's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The introduction of new business models in the telecoms sector may lead to structural changes and different 
competitive dynamics within the industry. Failure to anticipate and respond to industry dynamics, and to 
drive a change agenda to meet mature and developing demands in the marketplace, has the potential to 
impact the Telenor Group's position in the value chain, service offerings and customer relationships. This 
may adversely impact the Telenor Group's results of operations. 
Insurable risks 
Operating telecommunications assets involves risks and hazards for which there may be an insurance 
response, including breakdown, failure or substandard performance of network and other equipment, 
improper installation or operation of network equipment, labour disturbances, environmental hazards, 
organised crime, industrial accidents and terrorist activities. Telenor believes that it maintains the types and 
amounts of insurance customary in the industry and countries in which it operates. However, Telenor's 
insurance may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and is subject to certain deductibles, 
exclusions, local insurance lack of capacity, no or inadequate local insurance-related estimated maximum 
loss reporting and limits on coverage. As a result, Telenor may have to bear the full or partial amount of 
losses, damages and liabilities because of insufficient or deficient insurance coverage, which may in turn 
materially and adversely affect Telenor's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
4. 
Financial risks 
Liquidity risk 
The Telenor Group (as defined in the section headed "Telenor ASA", below) emphasises financial flexibility. 
An important part of this emphasis is to minimise liquidity risk through ensuring access to a diversified set 
of funding sources. Telenor issues debt in the domestic and international capital markets mainly in the form 
of Commercial Paper and bonds. The Telenor Group uses Euro Commercial Paper, Euro Medium Term 
Notes and the Norwegian domestic capital market to secure satisfactory financial flexibility. Telenor has 
available a multicurrency and sustainability linked syndicated revolving credit facility of EUR 1.8 billion, 
maturity in April 2025, which was undrawn as of 31 December 2021. 
Interest rate risk 
The Telenor Group is exposed to interest rate risk through funding and cash management activities. Changes 
in interest rates affect the fair value of assets and liabilities. Interest income and interest expense in the 
income statement are influenced by changes in interest rates in the market. 
The main consideration regarding management of interest rate risk is to reduce the financial risk and 
minimise interest cost over time. The majority of the debt issued by the Telenor Group is fixed rate debt.

--- Page 24 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 18 - 
70-41031940 
 
Telenor Group utilises interest rate derivatives to manage the interest rate risk of its debt portfolio. This 
typically involves interest rate swaps, while forward rate agreements are used to a lesser extent. 
Exchange rate risk 
The Telenor Group is exposed to changes in the value of NOK relative to other currencies. The carrying 
amount of Telenor's net investments in foreign entities varies with changes in the value of NOK compared 
to other currencies. The net income of the Telenor Group is also affected by changes in exchange rates, as 
the profit and losses from foreign operations are translated into NOK using the average exchange rate for 
the period. If these companies pay dividends, it will typically be paid in currencies other than NOK. 
Exchange rate risk related to some net investments in foreign operations is partly hedged by issuing 
financial instruments in the currencies involved, when this is considered appropriate. Combinations of 
money market instruments (Commercial Paper and bonds) and derivatives (foreign currency forward 
contracts and cross-currency swaps) are typically used for this purpose. Short-term foreign currency swaps 
are frequently used for liquidity management purposes. 
Exchange rate risk also arises when subsidiaries enter into transactions denominated in currencies other 
than their own functional currency, including agreements made to acquire or dispose of assets in foreign 
currency. 
Exchange rate risk related to debt instruments in non-functional currencies in foreign operations is also a 
part of the financial risk exposure of the Telenor Group. Cross-currency swaps are occasionally applied to 
eliminate such exchange rate risk. 
A substantial portion of the Group's revenues are derived from operations with a functional currency other 
than the Norwegian Krone. The most significant debt currencies for Telenor Group are Euro, US dollar, 
Swedish Krona, Thai Baht and Malaysian Ringgit. Currency fluctuations affect the value of investment in 
foreign operations when translating financial statements into Norwegian Krone. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or 
customer contract, leading to a financial loss. Telenor Group's credit risk largely arises from trade 
receivables, financial derivatives and cash and cash equivalents. 
Credit risk from cash and cash equivalents is managed by the Group's Treasury department in accordance 
with the Group Policy. Cash deposits are only made with approved counterparties and within credit limits 
assigned to each counterparty. Counterparty credit limits are reviewed by the Group's Board of Directors 
on a regular basis, and may be updated throughout the year subject to approval of the Group's Risk and 
Audit Committee. The limits are set to minimise the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial 
loss through a counterparty's potential failure to make payments. 
Credit risk arising from financial derivatives and cash deposits is managed through diversification, internal 
risk assessments and credit scoring, as well as credit risk mitigation tools. The main risk mitigation tools 
include legal netting and collateral agreements. 
Credit risk related to trade receivables is assessed to be limited due to the high number of customers in the 
Telenor Group's customer base. As such, no further credit risk provision is required in excess of the normal 
provision for bad and doubtful receivables. See note 21 to the financial statements for information on 
receivables in terms of age distribution and provision for bad debt. Credit risk related to sale of handsets 
on instalment plans, where the effect of discounting is considered material, is also assessed to be limited. 
As at 31 December 2021, Telenor Group's credit exposure in respect of financial derivative assets was NOK 
1.3 billion (NOK 3.5 billion as of 31 December 2020). As of 31 December 2021, NOK 658 million was 
posted as cash collateral (receivable). If credit markets deteriorate, Telenor may be unable to implement or 
finance its capital expenditure plans, if funding is required through such markets, which may materially 
and adversely affect its growth prospects and future profitability. 
The telecommunications industry is capital intensive. Telenor's ability to maintain and increase its revenue, 
net income and cash flows depends upon continued capital expenditure to build, maintain, modernise and 
operate its telecommunications network and technologies. Telenor also incurs significant capital 
expenditure developing, marketing, distributing and implementing its services, products and new

--- Page 25 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 19 - 
70-41031940 
 
telecommunications technologies. Telenor anticipates that the expansion of its business, including 
developing its network capacity and Long Term Evolution ("LTE") deployment as well as network 
infrastructure upgrades, will require substantial capital expenditure. In addition to capital expenditure 
requirements, Telenor has also recently experienced significant price pressure on spectrum and licenses in 
certain countries and regions. 
Telenor's capital expenditure includes investment expenditure for network capacity, improved operational 
efficiency, and coverage and product development. Actual capital expenditure may be significantly higher 
than planned, and there can be no assurance whether, or at what cost, planned or other possible capital 
projects will be completed, or that these projects will be successful if completed. 
Telenor's capital expenditure is subject to a number of risks, contingencies and other factors, some of which 
are beyond its control, including: 
(i) 
requirements to obtain governmental and/or regulatory approvals for major projects, certain types 
of loans and the import or export of equipment; 
(ii) 
failures by Telenor's partners to fulfil their funding obligations, leaving Telenor liable for their 
additional financial commitments; 
(iii) 
regulations requiring that mobile operators share base stations and other transmission equipment; 
(iv) 
unplanned cost overruns, including as a result of exchange rate fluctuations; 
(v) 
the ability to keep pace with the capital expenditure of Telenor's competitors; 
(vi) 
the ability to integrate new technologies with Telenor's network infrastructure; 
(vii) 
consumer demand for network and technological improvements; 
(viii) 
the ability to obtain sufficient financing at acceptable prices; 
(ix) 
the ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations and financings to finance Telenor's 
capital expenditures, investments and other requirements; and 
(x) 
direct or indirect consequences of natural disasters and/or pandemics affecting Telenor's supply 
chain. 
Any of these or other factors may hinder or prevent Telenor from being able to implement its capital 
projects, which may adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The tax systems in many of the emerging markets in which Telenor operates are uncertain and various 
tax laws are subject to different interpretations. 
Differing opinions regarding the legal interpretation of tax laws often exist both among and within 
governmental ministries and organisations, including tax administrations, creating uncertainties and areas 
of conflict for taxpayers and investors. While Telenor believes that it is currently in compliance with the 
tax laws affecting its operations, it is possible that relevant authorities may take differing positions with 
regard to tax law interpretation, which may result in a material adverse effect on Telenor's results of 
operations, financial condition and value of investments. 
Critical judgements in applying the Telenor Group's accounting policies. 
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to 
make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets 
and liabilities, and the disclosures of contingent liabilities, at the end of the reporting period. However, 
uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material 
adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected within the next financial year. 
5. 
Sustainability risks 
Governance and human rights related risks of working in emerging markets will continue to feature highly 
on the wider telecommunications industry agenda. From a Telenor perspective, human rights challenges

--- Page 26 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 20 - 
70-41031940 
 
related to privacy and freedom of expression remain a risk, particularly due to potential authority misuse 
of access to telecom data and networks. Telenor recognises that while telecommunications enables the 
exchange of ideas and expression of opinions, in certain circumstances government requests to access 
Telenor's data and networks may present risks to human rights. In addition, the challenging business 
environment in several Asian markets, continue to present risks in relation to respecting human rights. In 
particular Myanmar, and the human rights abuses documented by the UN, is something that Telenor Group 
views with grave concern, which, in part, led to the decision to sell Telenor Myanmar in 2021. 
Telenor also acknowledges that while the rapid pace at which children and young people are accessing 
online content in Telenor markets enables sharing, engaging, learning and entertainment, the risk that 
children will be exposed to undesirable content and have negative experiences and encounters online 
remains real. 
The Telenor Group is a multinational group of companies with operations in a range of different markets. 
Telenor's governing documents set a single standard which governs all business activities, regardless of 
where such activities take place. Telenor operates in a number of emerging market economies with 
potentially complex and sensitive political and social contexts, including markets associated with high 
corruption risks. This requires robust and targeted measures to manage such risks. Telenor believes that 
taking a risk-based approach to manage specific local risks and challenges is key to ensuring 
implementation of Telenor's ethical standard and zero tolerance policy on corruption in all of its markets. 
All Telenor group companies have a responsibility to conduct regular risk assessments. Risks are responded 
to with the adaptation and implementation of remediating measures to ensure they are managed in 
accordance with Telenor's ethical standards. 
Scientists and researchers continue to investigate the possibility that Electromagnetic Fields generated by 
mobile technology may have detrimental health effects. Telenor is confident in, and refers to, the World 
Health Organisation, which has stated that: 'To date, no adverse health effects have been established as 
being caused by mobile phone use.' Nevertheless, Telenor is respectful of anyone coming forward with 
concerns for their health or that of their families. 
Telenor strives for high standards and continuous improvement in its own operations and throughout the 
entire supply chain, for example, in 2021 Telenor conducted approximately 3,559 supplier inspections 
across the Telenor Group. It is increasingly important for Telenor's business units to be vigilant and 
systematic in their efforts to engage with their supply chains to ensure responsible business conduct where 
there are risks of breach of internationally recognized standards related to human rights, health and safety, 
labour rights, the environment and anti-corruption. Capacity building and monitoring of suppliers to ensure 
long term risk reduction will therefore continue to be a prioritised activity. 
In terms of climate-related regulatory risks, the mobile industry may face higher operational costs due to 
increasing carbon taxes and energy/fuel taxes as well as higher capital costs due to a required transition 
towards the use of renewable energy solutions. 
Climate-related physical risks include potential damage to vital infrastructure and utilities through the 
impact of more extreme weather events, such as increases in the frequency and intensity of storms and 
floods, increases in temperatures, and rising sea levels. The impact of climate change is expected to be 
largest in the countries in which Telenor operates in Asia. 
Growing demand for Information and Communications Technology products and devices, and their 
increasingly short lifespans, has resulted in electronic waste ("e-waste") becoming one of the fastest 
growing waste streams globally, with an increased risk that improper handling of e-waste could lead to 
health, safety and environmental issues. Telenor requires all its business units to comply with applicable 
international standards and regulations in respect of e-waste, including in respect of appropriate disposal 
methods and the re-use and recycling of products and their component parts. 
Failure to successfully address these sustainability risks or to comply with relevant international standards 
and regulations may materially and adversely impact Telenor's financial condition and competitive position.

--- Page 27 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 21 - 
70-41031940 
 
6. 
Country and political risks 
Political, social, and governmental instability and weak legal systems in some of the countries in which 
Telenor operates could adversely affect Telenor's business, financial condition and operating results. 
Telenor's business is subject to political, economic, regulatory and social risks affecting the markets in 
which it operates. The governments in many countries exercise substantial influence over several aspects 
of the private sector. Changes in government, lack of political stability or protectionist policies could disrupt 
or reverse economic and regulatory reforms. Political, social and other conflicts, as well as corruption, 
security or terrorism concerns can create an uncertain operating environment that hinders Telenor's long-
term planning ability as well as its operations, financial condition, results of operations and value of 
investments. In the Asian markets in which Telenor operates, democratic rule and the Rule of Law is at 
times unassured and unpredictable, a majority of these markets have on occasion seen the replacement of 
democracy by military rule, and instances of governments trying to influence the operation of courts and 
the judiciary. Weak legal systems typically include such uncertainties like backlogs and long delays, lack 
of court capacity or judge competence in telecoms regulatory cases, or in some rare instances lack of 
updated and quality legislation in relevant areas. 
Unlawful, selective or arbitrary government action, if directed at Telenor's operations, could have a 
material adverse effect on Telenor's business, results of operations, prospects and value of investments. 
Many aspects of the legal systems in emerging market countries create uncertainties with respect to the 
legal and business decisions that Telenor makes. These uncertainties include limited judicial and 
administrative guidance on interpreting legislation, substantial gaps in the regulatory structure due to delay 
or absence of implementing regulations, the relative inexperience of judges and courts in interpreting new 
principles of legislation and complex commercial arrangements, a lack of judicial independence from 
political, social and commercial forces, a high degree of discretion on the part of governmental authorities, 
bankruptcy procedures that are not well developed and may be subject to abuse, and difficulty in enforcing 
court judgments. 
All of these weaknesses could affect Telenor's ability to enforce its rights under its licences and contracts, 
or to defend itself against unfounded or predatory claims made by third parties. 
These uncertainties also extend to property rights. Expropriation or nationalisation of any of Telenor's 
investments in emerging market countries, potentially without adequate compensation, could have a 
materially adverse effect on Telenor's business and prospects. 
Telenor might also choose to, or be forced to, withdraw from countries it operates in due to severe political 
or security-related uncertainties. For example, on 1 February 2021, a state of emergency was declared under 
military leadership in Myanmar. Due to worsening of the economic and business environment outlook and 
a deteriorating security and human rights situation in Myanmar, Telenor saw limited prospects of 
improvement going forward. As announced on 8 July 2021, Telenor Group entered into an agreement with 
M1 Group to sell 100 per cent. of its mobile operations in Myanmar. On 17 March 2022, Telenor Group 
was informed that the Myanmar Investment Commission had given final regulatory approval to the sale of 
Telenor Myanmar to M1 Group and on 25 March 2022, Telenor completed the sale of Telenor Myanmar. 
Uncertainties as to the full impact of the sale of Telenor Myanmar on Telenor remain, although there is in 
particular a potential risk to Telenor's reputation following negative public sentiment to the sale. Similar 
situations in the future may prompt Telenor to exit certain markets and such divestitures could have a 
substantial impact on Telenor's operations and financial condition. 
Emerging markets such as Malaysia, Thailand, Pakistan and Bangladesh are subject to greater risks 
than more developed markets, and financial turmoil in any emerging market country could disrupt 
Telenor's business. 
As a large, multinational company, Telenor offers its services throughout the world, including Malaysia, 
Thailand, Bangladesh and Pakistan. 
Fiscal challenges sometimes induce governments to attempt illicit value capture from corporate entities and 
taxpayers in order to meet budget needs. There is also a risk of a more ideologically rooted economic 
nationalism, including foreign ownership regulations or exclusive national rights to operate parts of the 
value chain. As described in Note 34 (Legal disputes and contingencies) to the published consolidated

--- Page 28 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 22 - 
70-41031940 
 
annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021, Telenor is engaged in 
various litigation actions in certain emerging markets that may adversely affect the value of its investments 
in such markets. An increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies 
generally could reduce foreign direct investments, and adversely affect that country's economy. Reduced 
foreign direct investment may trigger regulatory reactions from host countries, either by measures to re-
attract more investors, or measures that aim to enable domestic investors to partly replace foreign ones. 
Companies that operate in emerging, less capital intensive markets may face liquidity constraints if foreign 
funding is withdrawn. Thus, even if the domestic economy in one emerging market country develops 
relatively stable, financial turmoil in related emerging market country could materially adversely affect 
Telenor's business and prospects in emerging markets in the region. 
The escalation of unrest and violence could have significant political and operational consequences, and 
severely impact Telenor's business. 
Telenor operates in markets and regions that have historically been impacted by unrest and violence, 
including terrorist attacks and war. An escalation of conflict as was the case in Myanmar from the first 
quarter of 2021, such as actions by groups or communities against governmental authorities, actions by 
governmental authorities or their security forces against civilians, or armed conflict between nation-states, 
has the potential to materially and adversely affect Telenor's business, prospects and results of operations. 
Heightened security measures in such markets and regions may also impose restrictions on Telenor's ability 
to operate in accordance with its service obligations. Pakistan is an example of a country in which parts of 
the national territory are non-controlled by the central government, adversely affecting the ability of 
telecom operators to serve the full, licensed territory of the state. 
Telenor is also exposed to macro risks, such as the increased risk due to Russia's recent invasion of Ukraine 
that has resulted in geopolitical uncertainty and volatility in the region. Such geopolitical events can have 
resulting impacts that include increased inflation, potential disruption to financial markets, sanctions risk 
and increased cyber threats, amongst other things. 
B. 
Risks which are specific and material to the Notes for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. 
7. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the 
interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuer. If 
the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing market rates.

--- Page 29 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 23 - 
70-41031940 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such 
that it holds an amount equal to or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the 
Issuer's intention to apply the proceeds of those Notes for projects that promote climate-friendly and/or 
other environmental purposes ("Eligible Projects"). A prospective investor should have regard to the 
information set out in the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and 
determine for itself the relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes 
together with any other investigation it deems necessary. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such use of proceeds will satisfy any 
present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, 
in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or 
uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Project. 
It should be noted that there is currently no consistent definition or market consensus of what constitutes a 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or equivalently-labelled project nor can any assurance be given that a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or the issues the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Projects. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. Each 
prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other 
professional adviser the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use 
of proceeds and its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of 
any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein.

--- Page 30 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 24 - 
70-41031940 
 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation 
or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is 
required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation 
or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds for Eligible 
Projects, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible 
Projects will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that 
the Issuer will be able to use the proceeds for such Eligible Projects as intended. None of the Dealers will 
verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, there can 
be no assurance that Eligible Projects will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes 
(environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. None of a failure by the Issuer to 
allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or a failure of a third party to issue (or to 
withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes 
issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or similar labels will constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the 
Notes issued as Green Bonds. 
A failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for 
Eligible Projects, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification, the Notes 
ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences may include the need to 
sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
The Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or future standards for assets with sustainability 
characteristics 
Although Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes may be structured either with the interest rate relating 
to the Notes being subject to upward adjustment or through payment of a premium amount in the event that 
the Issuer fails to achieve the relevant Sustainability Performance Target, such Notes may not satisfy an 
investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with 
sustainability characteristics. Any such Notes are not 'green', 'social' or 'sustainable' bonds and are not being 
marketed as such and the Issuer expects to use the net proceeds of any issue of Notes issued as 
Sustainability-Linked Notes for general corporate purposes. Therefore, the Issuer does not intend to allocate 
the net proceeds of any such Notes specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or 
sustainability criteria, or to be subject to any other limitations associated with green, social or sustainable 
bonds. 
The interest rate adjustment or payment of premium in respect of any Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked 
Notes depends on a definition of the relevant Sustainability Performance Target, that may be inconsistent 
with investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to these factors. The sustainability 
performance of the Issuer is calculated with reference to the Issuer's business, operations and capabilities 
and does not easily lend itself to benchmarking against the sustainability performance of other companies. 
The Issuer has not obtained a third-party analysis of the definition of the Sustainability Performance Targets 
or how such definition relates to any sustainability- related standards. 
In addition, any future investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of the Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) may not meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding 
sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. 
Sustainalytics has issued the Second Party Opinion on the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Finance 
Framework. The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related

--- Page 31 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 25 - 
70-41031940 
 
considerations is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given as 
to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third 
party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Sustainability Linked Notes. The 
Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, 
market or other aspects of any investment in ay any Note, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value 
of the Notes. The Second Party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. The criteria and/or 
considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification 
may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced 
and/or withdrawn. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is 
incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the 
lifetime of the Notes. 
A failure of the Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes to meet investor expectations or requirements 
for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a 
third party opinion or certification, or the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in assets with 
sustainability characteristics (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the 
Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Risks that may result from the failure to meet the Sustainability Performance Target(s) 
No assurance can be given of the extent to which the Issuer will be successful in satisfying the Sustainability 
Performance Target(s). The failure of the Issuer to achieve any of its Sustainability Performance Target(s) 
or any such similar sustainability performance targets the Issuer may choose to include in any future 
financings (including through the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes) would not only result in a payment 
of a premium or upward adjustment in the applicable rate of interest (as the case may be), but could also 
harm the Issuer's reputation, the consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations and ultimately its 
ability to fulfil its payments obligations in respect of any Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Furthermore, the Issuer's efforts in achieving the Sustainability Performance Target(s) may become 
controversial or be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders, making such Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) more challenging to satisfy. 
No Event of Default shall occur under any Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor will the Issuer 
be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if the Issuer fails to meet the Sustainable Performance 
Target(s). 
In respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes and following a Recalculation Event, the Sustainability 
Performance Target may be amended. 
In the event of a significant change in the structure of the Group (by way of acquisition, divestiture, merger 
or otherwise) or a methodological change, which would have caused a significant change in the Key 
Performance Indicators during the Base Year if such change had occurred prior to the Base Year, Condition 
5(c)(i) (Interest and Other Calculations - Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event - Recalculation Event) 
provides that the level of a Key Performance Indicator used as a baseline and/or the relevant Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) may be recalculated by the Issuer to reflect some changes which impact the level of 
any Key Performance Indicator or any Sustainability Performance Target, without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders. Should the Telenor Group undertake any divestment, consolidation, 
acquisition activities or associated activities as part of its corporate strategy, certain Key Performance 
Indicators and/or Sustainability Performance Target(s) may significantly change year-to-year, which may 
lead to Condition 5(c)(i) being triggered. An example of this occurred in March 2022 when Telenor

--- Page 32 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 26 - 
70-41031940 
 
completed the sale of Telenor Myanmar; Telenor Myanmar represented 11 per cent. of total Telenor Group 
greenhouse gas emissions (Scopes 1 and 2) as at 31 December 2021. See "Telenor ASA – Telenor Myanmar" 
below for further information on corporate developments, which may have an impact on Key Performance 
Indicators and/or Sustainability Performance Target(s) going forward. 
The Key Performance Indicator or Sustainability Performance Target, whether amended or not, is an 
important factor for ascertaining whether or not a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event occurred or is 
occurring in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
The occurrence of a Recalculation Event, and the consequential change of the relevant Key Performance 
Indicator or Sustainability Performance Targets, would impact whether a Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event occurs or has occurred and therefore whether any additional amounts of interest or premium are 
payable to the holders of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. Therefore, such changes may have an 
adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders and may adversely affect the market price of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
8. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Notes in New Global Note form 
The New Global Note form allows for the possibility of debt instruments to be issued and held in a manner 
which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Even if an individual issue of Notes is documented under the New 
Global Note structure, there remains a risk that such Notes may not be Eurosystem eligible as this will 
depend on the relevant criteria at the time and whether these have been satisfied. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and 
without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to: (i) any modification of, or to the waiver 
or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes; or (ii) determine 
without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such; or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of 
the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 11(d) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
Change of law 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
New Norwegian rules regarding withholding tax on interest 
The Norwegian government has adopted new legislation introducing withholding tax on, inter alia, 
outbound interest payments effective from 1 July 2021. From this date, the Issuer will be liable to withhold 
15 per cent. tax on gross interest payments to any creditor (such as a Noteholder) which is not an individual 
and is both (i) a related party to the Issuer; and (ii) is tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction. 
A "related party" is a company or other entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control 
with, the Issuer. "Control" means the direct or indirect ownership of 50 per cent. or more of the issued 
share capital or voting rights. Further, a "low-tax jurisdiction" is a jurisdiction in which the effective 
taxation of the overall profit of the company is less than two thirds of the effective taxation such company 
would have been subject to if it had been resident in Norway. In addition, certain jurisdictions are deemed 
as low tax jurisdictions by Norwegian tax authorities without further assessment (the "Black List").

--- Page 33 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 27 - 
70-41031940 
 
The withholding tax liability does not apply to recipients which are either (i) genuinely established and 
operating real business activities in an EEA Member State or (ii) already liable to pay Norwegian tax on 
interest income pursuant section 2-3 (1) b of the Norwegian Tax Act or section 1 cf. section 2 of the 
Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act. 
Certain documentation requirements may apply in order for interest payments to be exempt from 
withholding tax or subject to a reduced withholding tax rate in accordance with applicable law or an 
applicable tax treaty. 
If interest payments from the Issuer are subject to withholding tax, the Issuer will be required to gross up 
such payments in accordance with Condition 8 of the Notes (subject to the exceptions set out therein). 
If the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under Condition 8 as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or any political 
subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, then the Issuer may exercise its right to redeem such Notes 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) (subject to the conditions set out therein). 
9. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity. 
In the event that, as a result of a change in law or regulation, the Issuer would be obliged to increase the 
amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Norway or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable 
measures, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify 
that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances and accordingly the Issuer 
may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such 
circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at 
an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes. 
An issue of Notes may not be widely distributed, and (particularly where an issue of Notes is the first 
tranche in a series of Notes) there may currently be no active trading market. Although applications may 
have been made for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading there can be no assurance that such 
application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that an active 
trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. Therefore, investors may not be able to 
sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value 
of Notes. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. 
Credit Rating may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in 
this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation

--- Page 34 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 28 - 
70-41031940 
 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, 
in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Modifications and waivers 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions 
of the Notes, the Conditions or the Trust Deed without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of 
Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company 
in place of the Issuer provided certain conditions are fulfilled. 
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 5(j) (Benchmark Replacement), in certain circumstances the 
Trustee shall be obliged to consent to certain changes to the interest calculation of Floating Rate Notes, 
without the consent of Noteholders. 
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 5(j) (Benchmark Replacement) certain changes may be made 
to the interest calculation of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes, the Conditions or the Trust Deed may be modified, 
waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, waiver or 
amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Notes with integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may 
be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
the minimum Specified Denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a 
principal amount of Notes other than a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive 
definitive Notes in respect of their holding (provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination), however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in 
denominations other than the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to at least the minimum Specified Denomination. 
Because the Global Notes and Global Note Certificates are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Bearer Notes or Global 
Registered Notes (together the "Global Notes") or Global Note Certificates (as the case may be). Such 
Global Notes or Global Note Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances 
described in the relevant Global Note or Global Note Certificate, holders of the Notes will not be entitled

--- Page 35 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 29 - 
70-41031940 
 
to receive definitive Notes or, in the case of Global Registered Notes, Individual Note Certificates. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes and the Global Note Certificates, as the case may be. While the Notes are represented by one or more 
Global Notes or Global Note Certificates, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Note Certificates the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to 
their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global Note Certificate must 
rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant 
Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Note Certificate. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Note Certificates will not have a direct right 
to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that 
they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, 
holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Notes Certificates will not have a direct right 
under the Global Notes or Global Note Certificates, as the case may be, to take enforcement action against 
the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the 
Deed of Covenant. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of fixed rate Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (the "Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Note. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as

--- Page 36 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 30 - 
70-41031940 
 
applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or 
index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 5(j) (Benchmark Replacement-Independent Adviser)), or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose 
interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, 
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) 
based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in 
the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of 
interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 37 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 31 - 
70-41031940 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following parts of the documents set out below which have previously been published and have been 
filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the published consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2020, containing the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer including 
the consolidated income statement on page 85, the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income on page 86, the consolidated statement of financial position on page 87, the consolidated 
statement of cash flows on page 88, the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 89, 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements on pages 90 to 153, the independent auditor's 
report on pages 174 to 178 and the section entitled "Definitions - Alternative performance 
measures" on pages 179 to 183: https://www.telenor.com/binaries/investors/reports-and-
information/annual/TelenorAnnualReport2020ENG.pdf 
(b) 
the published consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2021, containing the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer including 
the consolidated income statement on page 74, the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income on page 75, the consolidated statement of financial position on page 76, the consolidated 
statement of cash flows on page 77, the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 78, 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements on pages 79 to 166, the independent auditor's 
report on pages 169 to 174 and the section entitled "Definitions - Alternative performance 
measures" on pages 175 to 180: https://www.telenor.com/binaries/investors/reports-and-
information/annual/annual-report-2021/Telenor%20Annual%20Report%202021.pdf 
(c) 
the published unaudited consolidated interim condensed financial statements of the Issuer in 
respect of the nine months ended 30 September 2022, containing the unaudited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer including the consolidated income statement on page 16, the 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income on page 17, the consolidated statement of 
financial position on page 18, the consolidated statement of cash flows on page 19, the consolidated 
statement of changes in equity on page 20, the notes to the consolidated financial statements on 
pages 21 to 28 and the section entitled "Definitions - Alternative performance measures" on pages 
29 
to 
35: 
https://www.telenor.com/binaries/investors/reports-and-information/quarterly/ 
2022/Telenor%20Group%20Q3%202022%20report.pdf; 
(d) 
the section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" from each of the following base 
prospectuses or supplements relating to the Programme: 
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 7 July 2006 (pages 32-57 inclusive): https://www.telenor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/06/TELENOR-BP-July-2006.pdf; 
(ii) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
19 
May 
2009 
(pages 
41-67 
inclusive): 
https://www.telenor.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/TELENOR-BP-May-2009.pdf; 
(iii) 
Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2012 (pages 44-72 inclusive): https://www.telenor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/06/Telenor-ASA-EMTN-Base-Prospectus-08-June-2012.pdf; 
(iv) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
28 
June 
2013 
(pages 
49-76 
inclusive): 
https://www.telenor.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Telenor-ASA-EMTN-Base-
Prospectus-28-June-2013.pdf; 
(v) 
Second Supplement dated 14 March 2014 to the Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2013 
(pages 2 to 4): https://www.telenor.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/TELENOR-
Second-Supplement-March-2014.pdf; 
(vi) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
14 
November 
2018 
(pages 
46-76 
inclusive): 
https://www.telenor.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Telenor-ASA-EMTN-Base-
Prospectus-14-Nov-2018.pdf; 
(vii) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
18 
June 
2019 
(pages 
46-77 
inclusive): 
https://www.telenor.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Telenor-ASA-Base-Prospectus-
18-June-2019.pdf;

--- Page 38 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 32 - 
70-41031940 
 
(viii) 
Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2020 (pages 49-81 inclusive) (together with the documents 
listed in (d)(i) to (d)(vii) above, the "Previous Terms and Conditions"): 
https://www.telenor.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Telenor-ASA-EMTN-Base-
Prospectus-18-June-2020.pdf, 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared 
in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for Notes listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange can be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer, from the 
specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg and from the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website. This Base Prospectus will also be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
website (www.bourse.lu) and on the Issuer's website (https://www.telenor.com/investors/debt-
financing/emtn-programme/). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Issuer 
do not form part of this Base Prospectus, and have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange that, unless the 
Issuer does not intend to issue Notes under the Programme for the time being, if at any time during the 
duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to the information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes, the Issuer 
shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies 
of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request and supply to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange such number as the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall require.

--- Page 39 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 33 - 
70-41031940 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market –Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the 
"SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of 
the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than

--- Page 40 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 34 - 
70-41031940 
 
"prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).] 
[Date] 
TELENOR ASA 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2022 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] which constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), as amended or superseded, (the "Base Prospectus"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing during normal business hours at Telenor ASA, Snarøyveien 30, 1331 Fornebu, Norway, 
www.telenor.com and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be 
obtained from Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme, 69 Route d'Esch, Luxembourg, L-
2953.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [7 July 2006 /19 May 2009 / 8 June 2012 / 28 June 
2013 / (as supplemented by a supplement dated 14 March 2014) / 14 November 2018 / 18 June 2019 / 18 
June 2020]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 10 
November 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] which constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the 
Conditions which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus are available for viewing during normal business hours at 
Telenor ASA, Snarøyveien 30, 1331 Fornebu, Norway, www.telenor.com and the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained from Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg, société anonyme, 69 Route d'Esch, Luxembourg, L-2953.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[        ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [   ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
temporary Global Note for interests in the 
permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
22 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[   ]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 41 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 35 - 
70-41031940 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[        ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[        ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
(in the case of Registered Notes, 
this means the minimum integral 
amount in which transfers can 
be made) 
[        ] 
[        ] 
(Note – where Bearer Notes with multiple 
denominations above €100,000 or equivalent are 
being used the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above €199,000.") 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form, see Global Note) 
[        ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed 
rate 
- 
specify 
date/ 
Floating rate - Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify year and month]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
(as referred to under Condition 5) 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[      ] month EURIBOR/NIBOR /STIBOR] +/- 
[      ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[subject to the Sustainability-Linked Step-Up 
Margin[s]] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100]/[   ] per cent. of their nominal

--- Page 42 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 36 - 
70-41031940 
 
amount[, subject to the Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount[s] (see paragraph 15 below)] 
 
 
(Notes may only be redeemed at more than 100 per 
cent. in the case of zero coupon notes. Notes may not 
be redeemed at less than 100 per cent.) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
(as referred to under Condition 5) 
[Specify any change from one Interest Basis to 
another, the date on which any such change occurs, 
or cross reference to paragraphs 13, 14 and or 15 
below and identify there] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
(as referred to under Conditions 6(d), 6(e) 
and 6(f)) 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[        ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions (as referred 
to under Condition 5(a)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
The [initial] Rate of Interest is [   ] per cent. per 
annum payable [annually/semi-annually/specify] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date[, subject to the 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin[s] below]. 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Global Note): 
[•] per Calculation Amount [if no Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event has occurred, or [       ] per 
Calculation Amount if a Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event has occurred] 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Global Note): 
[[       ] [per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable]

--- Page 43 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 37 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(as referred to under Condition 5(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s) / Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
(as referred to under Condition 
5(b)(i)) 
[        ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
(as referred to under Condition 
5(b)(ii)) 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[        ] 
 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Issuing and 
Paying Agent): (as referred to 
under Condition 5(B)) 
[        ] 
 
(e) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
(as referred to under Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[       ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
 
 
(the second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(g) 
Margin(s): (as referred to under 
Condition 5(f)(i)) 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum[, subject to the 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin[s] below] 
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: (as 
referred to under Condition 
5(f)(ii)) 
[zero]/[       ] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 44 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 38 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: (as 
referred to under Condition 
5(f)(ii)) 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: (as referred 
to under Condition 5(h)) 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 5 for options) 
15. 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
[Applicable. Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Interest)] 
[Applicable. Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Premium)] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up 
Margin 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Target Observation Date(s) 
[specify date(s) and Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) to which it relates, as applicable] 
 
(c) 
Base Year 
[specify relevant year] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Key Performance Indicator 
[Carbon Intensity of the [Group]/[Group's Nordic 
Operations]/[Group's Asian Operations]]. 
[Supplier Percentage of the [Group]/[Group's 
Nordic Operations]/[Group's Asian Operations]]. 
 
(e) 
Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) 
[specify target(s) and Target Observation Dates(s) 
to which it relates, as applicable] 
 
(f) 
Sustainability-Linked Premium 
Amount 
[specify amount] per Calculation Amount 
 
(g) 
Sustainability-Linked Premium 
Payment Date 
[Redemption] / [specify date] 
16. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions 
(as referred to under Conditions 5(c) and 
6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[       ]

--- Page 45 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 39 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
(as referred to under Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Par Call Commencement Date: 
[        ] 
 
(c) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[In respect of the Optional Redemption Date(s) from 
and including [  ] to but excluding [  ] [Sterling 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount / Non-Sterling 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount / [      ] per 
Calculation Amount]. In respect of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) from and including [     ] to and 
including [       ] [      ] per Calculation Amount].] 
[Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount /  
Non-Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount] 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(i) 
Reference Bond: 
[DA Selected Bond/[        ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Quotation Time: 
[[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[        ] time]/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin: 
[    ] per cent. 
 
(d) 
Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Notice periods for Condition 
6(c): 
Minimum period: [         ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable – the Notes are not redeemable in 
part] 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] 
Maximum period: [         ] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements

--- Page 46 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 40 - 
70-41031940 
 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent or Trustee) 
18. 
Investor Put: (as referred to under 
Condition 6(e)(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[         ] 
 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put): 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B.: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [      ] 
Maximum period: [       ] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' notice 
for a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent 
or Trustee) 
 
(d) 
Option Period: 
[        ] 
19. 
Change of Control Put: (as referred to 
under Condition 6(f)(ii)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: (as referred 
to under Condition 6(a)) 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons, exercise of a 
Clean-up Call Option, or on 
event 
of 
default: 
(as referred to under Condition 
6(c)) 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Unmatured coupons to become 
void upon early redemption 
(Bearer Notes only) 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]

--- Page 47 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 41 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
(N.B. An issue of Notes which is to be represented 
on issue by a temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes is not permitted to have a 
Specified Denomination of: "[€100,000] and 
integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [€199,000].")] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Certificate] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Certificate]] 
 
 
[VPS Notes] 
 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry 
form]] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgium Law of 14 
December 2005.] [Include for Notes that are to be 
offered in Belgium] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Days: (as referred to under Condition 7) 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraphs 14(c) relates) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No.] 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 48 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 42 - 
70-41031940 
 
SIGNED on behalf of TELENOR ASA: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 49 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 43 - 
70-41031940 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the [Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Oslo Stock 
Exchange's Regulated Market (Oslo Børs)] and 
admitted to trading on the [regulated market of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange][Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange's Regulated Market (Oslo Børs)] with 
effect from [     ].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be listed on the [Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] [Oslo Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market (Oslo Børs)] and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [Oslo Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market (Oslo Børs)] with effect from [      ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency].]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
Moody's Investors Service España, S.A.: [      ] 
 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [       ] 
 
 
[[Other]: [       ]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended, 
the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal

--- Page 50 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 44 - 
70-41031940 
 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(UK).] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[        ]] 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to 
that stated in the Base Prospectus, including for 
green bonds) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[        ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[        ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[        ] 
 
(iii) 
FISN: 
[[See] / [[insert code], as updated, as set out on]] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
CFI Code: 
[[See] / [[insert code], as updated, as set out on]] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)/Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Norway. VPS

--- Page 51 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 45 - 
70-41031940 
 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
identification number: [  ]. The Issuer shall be 
entitled to obtain certain information from the 
register maintained by the VPS for the purposes of 
performing its obligations under the issue of VPS 
Notes] 
 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
 
(viii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[        ] 
 
(ix) 
Relevant Benchmark(s) 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
U.S. SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D 
Rules/TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA not applicable]]

--- Page 52 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 46 - 
70-41031940 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II 
/ Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market –Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the 
"SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of 
the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than

--- Page 53 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 47 - 
70-41031940 
 
"prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[Date] 
TELENOR ASA 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2022 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the "Base Prospectus"). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours at Telenor ASA, Snarøyveien 
30, 1331 Fornebu, Norway and www.telenor.com and copies may be obtained from Banque Internationale 
à Luxembourg, société anonyme, 69 Route d'Esch, Luxembourg, L-2953. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [7 July 2006 /19 May 2009 / 8 June 2012 / 28 June 
2013 / 18 June 2020 (as supplemented by a supplement dated 14 March 2014) / 14 November 2018 / 18 
June 2019] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] [only include this language for a 
fungible issue and the original tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different date]. Any 
reference in the Conditions to "relevant Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "relevant 
Pricing Supplement", where relevant.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[           ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[           ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of 
the temporary Global Note for interests in 
the permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[           ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[           ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[           ]

--- Page 54 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 48 - 
70-41031940 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[      ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[           ] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest on Notes 
in global form, see Global Note): 
[          ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than 
one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will 
not be relevant for certain Notes, for 
example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed 
rate 
- 
specify 
date/ 
Floating rate - Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to [specify month]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[       ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[subject to the Sustainability-Linked Step-
Up Margin[s]] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below in 
paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16]) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100]/[   ] 
per cent. of their nominal amount[, subject 
to 
the 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium 
Amount[s] (see paragraph 15 below)] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis or Redemption / 
Payment Basis: 
[Specify any change from one Interest Basis 
to another, the date on which any such 
change occurs, or cross reference to 
paragraphs 13, 14 and or 15 below and 
identify there] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 55 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 49 - 
70-41031940 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(b) 
Date Board approval of Notes 
obtained: 
[            ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
The [initial] Rate of Interest is [   ] per cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/specify] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date[, subject to the Sustainability-
Linked Step-Up Margin[s] below]. 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[        ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Global Note): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount [if no 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has 
occurred, or [       ] per Calculation Amount 
if a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has 
occurred] 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see Global 
Note): 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[    ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/specify 
other] 
 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon) 
 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 56 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 50 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s) / Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (b) below/, not subject 
to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / 
[specify other]][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[         ] 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
Applicable 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[  ] month [EURIBOR /NIBOR/STIBOR 
/specify other Reference Rate]. 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short 
or long interest period)] 
 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum[, subject to the 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin[s] 
below] 
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[zero]/[         ] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other]

--- Page 57 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 51 - 
70-41031940 
 
(See Condition 5 for options) 
 
(k) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[          ] 
15. 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
[Applicable. Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event (Interest)] 
[Applicable. Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event (Premium)] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Step-Up 
Margin 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Target Observation Date(s) 
[specify 
date(s) 
and 
Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) to which it relates, 
as applicable] 
 
(c) 
Base Year 
[specify relevant year] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Key Performance Indicator 
[Carbon Intensity of the [Group]/[Group's 
Nordic 
Operations]/[Group's 
Asian 
Operations]]. 
[Supplier 
Percentage 
of 
the 
[Group]/[Group's 
Nordic 
Operations]/[Group's Asian Operations]]. 
 
(e) 
Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) 
[specify target(s) and Target Observation 
Dates(s) to which it relates, as applicable] 
 
(f) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium 
Amount 
[specify amount] per Calculation Amount 
 
(g) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium 
Payment Date 
[Redemption] / [specify date] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[      ] 
 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[        ]

--- Page 58 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 52 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual 365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(b) 
Par Call Commencement Date: 
[        ] 
 
(c) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[In respect of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) from and including [   ] to but 
excluding 
[  ] 
[Sterling 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount / Non-Sterling Make-
Whole Redemption Amount / [        ] per 
Calculation Amount]. In respect of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) from and 
including [        ] to and including [        ] 
[        ] per Calculation Amount].] 
[Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
/ Non-Sterling Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount] 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(i) 
Reference Bond: 
[DA Selected Bond/[        ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Quotation Time: 
[[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[        ] 
time]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin: 
[    ] per cent. 
 
(d) 
Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 6(c): 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable – the Notes are not 
redeemable in part] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [       ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through

--- Page 59 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 53 - 
70-41031940 
 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a 
call and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent or Trustee)) 
18. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[         ] 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [       ] days 
Maximum period: [         ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a 
put) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent or Trustee) 
 
(d) 
Option Period: 
[         ] 
19. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
21. 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons, exercise of a 
Clean-up Call Option, event of 
default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 
per cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the 
Early Redemption Amount is likely to be 
par. If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value, consideration should be 
given as to what the Early Redemption 
Amount should be.) 
 
(b) 
Unmatured coupons to become 
void upon early redemption 
(Bearer Notes only) 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes:

--- Page 60 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 54 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Certificate] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Certificate]] 
 
 
[VPS Notes: 
 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book 
entry form]] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium except to a clearing system, a 
depositary or other institution for the 
purpose 
of 
their 
immobilisation 
in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgium 
Law of 14 December 2005] [Include for 
Notes that are to be offered in Belgium] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
of payment and not Interest Period end dates 
to which sub paragraph 14(c) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required 
if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
25. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.

--- Page 61 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 55 - 
70-41031940 
 
SIGNED on behalf of TELENOR ASA: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by 
[Moody's Investors Service España, S.A.] [S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited]]. 
 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the 
ratings of the Notes are different to those stated 
in the Base Prospectus) 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
3. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[        ]] 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different 
to that stated in the Base Prospectus, including 
for green bonds) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[       ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
 
(iii) 
FISN: 
[[See] / [[insert code], as updated, as set out on]] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
CFI Code: 
[[See] / [[insert code], as updated, as set out on]] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available]

--- Page 62 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 56 - 
70-41031940 
 
 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
[Verdipapirsentralen 
ASA, 
Norway 
VPS 
Identification number [        ] 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information 
from the register maintained by the VPS for the 
purpose of performing its obligations under the 
VPS Notes] 
 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[      ] 
 
(ix) 
Relevant Benchmark(s) 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended 
apply, 
such 
that 
[name 
of 
administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of this Pricing Supplement, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will

--- Page 63 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 57 - 
70-41031940 
 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D 
Rules/TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Additional United States selling 
restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to 
be relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes)

--- Page 64 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 58 - 
70-41031940 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, as completed by the provisions of Part A of the 
relevant Final Terms and/or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) amended or replaced by the provisions of 
Part A of the relevant Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued 
in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either: (i) the full text of these terms and 
conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms, or in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the Pricing Supplement; or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed and/or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes only) amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such 
Registered Notes. The following Conditions will be applicable to each VPS Note, as completed by the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms and/or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) amended or 
replaced by the provisions of Part A of the relevant Pricing Supplement. VPS Notes will not be evidenced 
by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by the VPS. Ownership of 
VPS Notes will be recorded, and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by the VPS. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part 
A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as 
the case may be. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed dated 27 February 1996 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated as at the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date"), the "Trust Deed") between the original 
issuer, Telenor AS (now Telenor Eiendom Holding AS) (the "Original Issuer") and Citicorp Trustee 
Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee 
or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). Pursuant to a 
Supplemental Trust Deed dated 10 April 2002 Telenor ASA (the "Issuer") was substituted with effect on 
and from 15 April 2002 in place of the Original Issuer in respect of the then existing notes issued under the 
Programme (as defined in the Trust Deed) and pursuant to a further Supplemental Trust Deed dated 17 
April 2002 the Issuer became the issuer in place of the Original Issuer for the purposes of the Trust Deed, 
enabling the Issuer to issue, on and after 17 April 2002, notes to be constituted by the Trust Deed. These 
terms and conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, 
which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. The Trust 
Deed is further supplemented by the Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Trust Deed dated 10 November 2022. An 
Agency Agreement (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated as at the Issue Date, the "Agency 
Agreement") dated 10 November 2022. has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, 
the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and calculation agent and 
the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer 
agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the 
"Issuing and Paying Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying 
Agent), the "Registrar", the "Transfer Agents" (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the 
"Calculation Agent(s)". References herein to the "Agents" are to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) and any reference to an "Agent" is 
to any one of them. Notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the 
Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS Notes" and the "VPS", respectively) will be created and held in uncertificated 
book entry form in accounts with the VPS. DNB Bank ASA (the "VPS Account Manager") will act as 
agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect of VPS Notes. Copies of the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during usual business hours at the principal 
office of the Trustee (at Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom) and at the 
specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons"), appertaining to interest bearing 
Notes in bearer form and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 
interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons"), (the "Couponholders") are entitled 
to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and 
are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. VPS Notes are

--- Page 65 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 59 - 
70-41031940 
 
in dematerialised form: any references in these Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VPS 
Notes and no global or definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof. These Conditions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below)) endorsed on this Note which complete 
these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered in the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation (an "Exempt Note"), may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify 
the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the "relevant Final Terms" are, unless 
otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) endorsed on this Note. Any reference in the Conditions to "relevant Final 
Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "relevant Pricing Supplement" where applicable. The 
expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
1. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date 
shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"Floating Rate Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date 
which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date 
occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and

--- Page 66 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 60 - 
70-41031940 
 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as many be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put), Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount, Non-Sterling Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Note the relevant Maturity Date or any 
earlier date of redemption of the relevant Notes; 
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to 
Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 8 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Trust Deed; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression 
is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a 
reference to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as

--- Page 67 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 61 - 
70-41031940 
 
amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; 
and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation 
or regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) 
shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, 
or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination: 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), in registered form ("Registered 
Notes") or, in the case of VPS Notes, in uncertificated book entry form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
This Note is a "Fixed Rate Note", "Floating Rate Note", "Zero Coupon Note", or any 
combination of the foregoing, or any other kind of Note, depending upon the "Rate of 
Interest" and "Redemption/Payment Basis" (in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). The Notes may also be Sustainability-Linked Notes as defined in Condition 
5(c). 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, 
a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons 
in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates ("Certificates"). Save as 
provided in Condition 2(d), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of 
Registered Notes by the same holder. 
(b) 
Title: 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. 
Title to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall 
procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement (the "Register"). 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or 
indirect accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of the 
VPS. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of 
the relevant VPS Note. VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered 
Notes and vice versa. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
(as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be, and may be treated 
as, its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate 
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate), and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced 
as such by a book entry in the records of the VPS. 
Subject as provided below, in these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any 
Bearer Note or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may 
be), "holder" (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer 
Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as 
the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable 
to the Notes. For so long as any Note is a VPS Note, each person who is for the time being 
shown in the records of the VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such

--- Page 68 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 62 - 
70-41031940 
 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by the VPS as to the 
nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the "Noteholder" or the "holder" of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes. 
(c) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Certificate duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
(d) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect 
of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option 
resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same 
terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates 
to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a 
person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the 
enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the 
existing holding. 
(e) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(c) or (d) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer, 
Exercise Notice or Put Option Notice or surrender of the Certificate for exchange. 
Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer 
Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such 
request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice, Put Option Notice or Certificate 
shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as 
aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise 
Notice, Put Option Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk 
of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless 
such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent the costs of such 
other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(e), 
"business day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open 
for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar. 
(f) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an 
option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental 
charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the 
Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(g) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered: (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note; (ii) during the

--- Page 69 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 63 - 
70-41031940 
 
period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the 
Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d); (iii) after any such Note has been called for 
redemption; or (iv) during the period of 7 days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the 
Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) the 
Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of 
encumbrance or security interest ("Security"), other than a Permitted Security, upon the whole or 
any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to secure any Relevant Debt, or any 
guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt unless, at the same time or prior thereto, 
the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed: (i) are secured equally 
and rateably therewith; or (ii) have the benefit of such other security or other arrangement as the 
Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less beneficial to the Noteholders 
or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Noteholders. 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"Permitted Security" means a Security on the undertaking or assets of any Person existing at the 
time such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided such Security 
was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal amount secured has not been 
increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition. 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or government (or any 
agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity. 
"Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in 
on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market. 
5. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date, and "Fixed Coupon Amount" and "Broken Amount" 
has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 64 - 
70-41031940 
 
Except where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount and multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Benchmark Replacement 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown 
in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: (A) the Floating Rate Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it 
not been subject to adjustment; (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day; (C) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period 
shall be determined in accordance with the provisions below relating to "Screen 
Rate Determination" and, if applicable, "Linear Interpolation" (each having 
the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms). 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Floating Rate Notes is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,

--- Page 71 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 65 - 
70-41031940 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time 
in the case of EURIBOR or Stockholm time in the case of 
STIBOR) or as at 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time in the case or NIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other 
than EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph 
(x)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies 
and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Issuer shall request: if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Eurozone office of 
each of the Reference Banks; if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, 
the principal Oslo office of each of the Reference Banks; or, if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office 
of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR or Stockholm time in 
the case of STIBOR) or approximately 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time in 
the case or NIBOR), on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR or Stockholm time in 
the case of STIBOR) or approximately 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time in 
the case or NIBOR) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks: if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, in the Eurozone inter-
bank market; if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, in the Norwegian 
inter-bank market; or if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, in the 
Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the

--- Page 72 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 66 - 
70-41031940 
 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the 
case of EURIBOR or Stockholm time in the case of STIBOR) 
or approximately 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time in the case or NIBOR), 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are suitable for such purpose 
in the opinion of the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Trustee) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in: if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Eurozone inter-
bank market; if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Norwegian 
inter-bank market; or if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the 
Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, and provided 
further that such failure is not due to the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(j) below) the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period), in place of the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined because of the occurrence of 
a Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance 
with the terms of Condition 5(j). 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate 
of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Linear Interpolation for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Issuing and Paying Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on 
the Relevant Screen Page, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period. 
"Designated 
Maturity" 
means, 
in 
relation 
to 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(iv) 
Calculations in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the

--- Page 73 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 67 - 
70-41031940 
 
Calculation Amount and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(c) 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
This Condition 5(c) applies if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) or 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable ("Sustainability-Linked Notes"). 
(i) 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, then for any Interest Period commencing on or after the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of a Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event, the Rate of Interest shall be increased by the Sustainability-
Linked Step-Up Margin(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as applicable and: 
(A) 
one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an increase in the Rate of Interest will occur no 
more than once following the occurrence of the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event; 
(B) 
two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events with only one 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an increase in the Rate of Interest will occur no 
more than once following the occurrence of any of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events; or 
(C) 
two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events together with two or 
more Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margins are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, an increase in the Rate of Interest for the 
remaining term of the Sustainability-Linked Notes will occur in 
accordance with the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest shall occur no more 
than once as a result of the occurrence of each Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any such Notes: following any such 
increase in the Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest will not subsequently decrease 
to a previous Rate of Interest. 
(ii) 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, if a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall pay to the holders of the Notes an amount equal to the Sustainability-
Linked Premium Amount on the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium 
Payment Date. 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable and:

--- Page 74 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 68 - 
70-41031940 
 
(A) 
two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events with only one 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount 
shall be payable following the occurrence of any of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events with two or more 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Premium Amounts are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Premium Amount shall be payable following the occurrence of 
the Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event to which it relates, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any such Notes, no increase in the Rate 
of Interest will occur as a result of the occurrence of a relevant Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Premium). 
(iii) 
Notice 
If a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
of such Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event and (x) if Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Interest) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin; or (y) if Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event (Premium) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Sustainability-
Linked Premium Amount, to the Issuing and Paying Agent, any Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the publication of the SPT Verification 
Assurance Certificate for the fiscal year in which the Target Observation Date 
falls in accordance with Condition 5(c)(v), if applicable, and in any event such 
notice shall be given to Noteholders not later than the Sustainability-Linked 
Reference Date (as defined below). 
(iv) 
Reporting 
For each fiscal year ending on 31 December from and including the fiscal year 
during which the Issue Date of any Sustainability-Linked Notes falls up to and 
including the fiscal year in which the final Target Observation Date falls in respect 
of such Notes, the Issuer will publish on its website a report (the "Sustainability 
Performance Report"), which shall disclose the Key Performance Indicators of 
the Group for the relevant fiscal year as determined by the Issuer in accordance 
with these Conditions. 
Each such Sustainability Performance Report shall include or be accompanied by 
an assurance report issued by the External Verifier (an "Assurance Report"). 
Each Sustainability Performance Report and related Assurance Report will be 
published no later than the date of publication of the Issuer's Annual Report in 
respect of such fiscal year, and each may form part of the Issuer's Annual Report 
in respect of such fiscal year provided that if the Issuer gives notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) that additional time will 
be required for the External Verifier to complete the Assurance Report then the 
Assurance Report shall be published as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no 
event later than the Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (as defined below) 
(v) 
Verification Assurance 
For the fiscal year in which the Target Observation Date falls, the Issuer will 
publish on its website a verification assurance certificate by the External Verifier 
(such report, the "SPT Verification Assurance Certificate"), which shall 
confirm whether the Group has achieved each Sustainability Performance Target 
on the relevant Target Observation Date. The SPT Verification Assurance

--- Page 75 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 69 - 
70-41031940 
 
Certificate will be published no later than the date of publication of the Issuer's 
Annual Report for the fiscal year in which the Target Observation Date falls; 
provided that if the Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) that additional time will be required for the External 
Verifier to complete the relevant SPT Verification Assurance Certificate then the 
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate shall be published as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but in no event later than the date falling 30 Business Days prior to 
next following Interest Payment Date of the Notes (the "Sustainability-Linked 
Reference Date"). 
(vi) 
Recalculation Event 
In the event of a Recalculation Event, the level of the KPI used as a baseline on 
the Base Year and/or the relevant Sustainability Performance Target in respect of 
the Notes may be recalculated by the Issuer to reflect such change, provided that: 
(A) 
the Issuer notifies Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) 
that a Recalculation Event has occurred, and publishes details of the 
Recalculation Event, the revised level of KPIs used as a baseline, and the 
revised Sustainability Performance Target in respect of the Notes, each 
in a Sustainability Performance Report (or supplement thereto); 
(B) 
any recalculation of the KPIs or the relevant Sustainability Performance 
Target and/or methodology will be conducted in accordance with any 
applicable SBTi guidance for recalculation; and 
(C) 
an External Verifier has independently confirmed that the proposed 
revision: 
(1) 
is consistent with the Issuer's sustainability strategy; and 
(2) 
is materially in line with, or better than, the initial level of 
ambition of the Sustainability Performance Target, 
each as described in the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework relevant to the Notes. 
Any such change will be communicated as soon as reasonably practicable by the 
Issuer to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent and notified to 
the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) and the conditions 
of the relevant Notes shall accordingly be amended from the date of publication 
of such notice. 
(vii) 
Absence of Event of Default 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event, the failure of the Issuer to give notice of the occurrence of a 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, nor a failure to publish a Sustainability 
Performance Report, Assurance Report, or SPT Verification Assurance 
Certificate, shall constitute an Event of Default. 
In this Condition: 
"Base Year" means the year as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Carbon Intensity" means the aggregate amount of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 
and Scope 2 combined) of (as specified in the relevant Final Terms): (a) the Group; (b) 
solely from the Group's Nordic Operations; or (c) solely from the Group's Asian 
Operations, in each case measured in ktCO2e, as determined by the Issuer and published 
in a Sustainability Performance Report;

--- Page 76 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 70 - 
70-41031940 
 
"External Verifier" means the SBTi or any independent accounting or appraisal firm or 
other independent expert of internationally recognised standing, appointed by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, in each case with the expertise necessary to perform the functions required 
to be performed by the External Verifier under these Conditions, as determined by the 
Issuer; 
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document entitled "The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, 
A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" published by the 
World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute 
(as amended and updated from time to time). 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Group Asian Operations" means the operations of the Group comprising: dtac Thailand; 
Digi Malaysia; Grameenphone Bangladesh; Telenor Myanmar; and Telenor Pakistan; 
"Group Nordic Operations" means the operations of the Group comprising: Telenor 
Norway; Telenor Sweden; Telenor Denmark; and DNA Finland; 
"Key Performance Indicator" or "KPI" refers to each of the Carbon Intensity and the 
Supplier Percentage, as specified in the relevance Final Terms; 
"Recalculation Event" means the occurrence of: (i) a significant change in the structure 
of the Group (by way of acquisition, divestiture, merger or otherwise) or (ii) a 
methodological change for calculating Carbon Intensity and/or Supplier Percentage, in 
either case of (i) or (ii) which would have caused a change in the Key Performance 
Indicators of at least 5 per cent. during the Base Year if such change had occurred 
immediately prior to the Base Year; 
"ktCO2e" means kilo tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent; 
"SBTi" refers to the Science Based Targets initiative; 
"Scope 1" refers to direct greenhouse gas emissions, and is as defined in the GHG Protocol 
Standard; 
"Scope 2" refers to indirect greenhouse gas emissions and is as defined in the GHG 
Protocol Standard; 
"Scope 3" refers to all indirect emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in the value 
chain of the Group (both upstream and downstream) and is as defined in the GHG Protocol 
Standard; 
"Supplier Percentage" is calculated by dividing the amount spent with suppliers who 
have set SBTi's science-based targets by the total amount spent with all suppliers, and is 
calculated only by reference to suppliers that are within the categories 'Purchased Goods 
and Services' and 'Capital Goods' of Scope 3 emissions, in each case in respect of (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms): (a) the Group; (b) solely from the Group's Nordic 
Operations; or (c) solely from the Group's Asian Operations; 
"Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount" is the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date" means, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms:  
(i) 
if "Redemption" is specified, the Redemption Date of the relevant Notes; or  
(ii) 
any other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms (in which case the 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount will be payable upon such date, or upon 
any earlier Redemption Date of the relevant Notes);

--- Page 77 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 71 - 
70-41031940 
 
"Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" means the framework defining the 
Issuer's sustainability strategy, key performance indicators and performance targets 
prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Notes and available on the Issuer's website; 
"Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin" has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event" means either:  
(i)  
the Group does not achieve the relevant Sustainability Performance Target on the 
Target Observation Date as determined by the External Verifier and confirmed in 
the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate;  
(ii)  
the Issuer has not published the relevant SPT Verification Assurance Certificate 
on or before the date falling 5 Business Days prior to the Sustainability-Linked 
Reference Date; or 
 (iii)  
the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate contains a reservation about whether 
or not the Sustainability Performance Target has been achieved on the Target 
Observation Date; 
"Sustainability Performance Target" means: 
(i) 
where the KPI is Carbon Intensity, a Carbon Intensity equal to or lower than the 
Carbon Intensity specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
Sustainability Performance Target; or 
(ii) 
where the KPI is Supplier Percentage, a Supplier Percentage greater than or equal 
to the Supplier Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
Sustainability Performance Target; and 
"Target Observation Date" is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
the Target Observation Date. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Rate of Interest of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to 
the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the 
Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates, Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either: (x) generally; or (y) 
in relation to one or more Interest Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5 
above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a 
negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or

--- Page 78 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 72 - 
70-41031940 
 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case 
may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified): (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up); (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up); and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency 
and, with respect to euro, means 0.01 euro. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, 
or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any 
rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of 
the Notes for the relevant Interest Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quote or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so 
require, such exchange or other relevant authority and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS 
and the VPS Account Manager as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than: (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount; or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where 
any Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate 
of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or 
the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a specified currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating (a 
"TARGET2 Business Day"); and/or

--- Page 79 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 73 - 
70-41031940 
 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centres, a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Additional Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Additional 
Business Centres. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 80 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 74 - 
70-41031940 
 
(iv) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where "Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination 
Date and "Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment 
Date; and 
(vi) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360

--- Page 81 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 75 - 
70-41031940 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of euro and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any Person 
which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Eurozone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified: (i) 
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling; or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; or (iii) the day 
falling two TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are 
redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date). 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final 
Terms. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final 
Terms but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin.

--- Page 82 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 76 - 
70-41031940 
 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Global Rate Set Systems) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the Norwegian association for banks, insurance 
companies and financial institutions, Norske Finansielle Referanser AS based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated 
maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR 
rates can be obtained from the designated distributor). 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means: in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market; in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian 
inter-bank market; or in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm 
office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, in each case selected by 
the Issuer, or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Interest Payment Date" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of Swedish Kronor and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility) 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Swedish Kronor for a number of 
designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of 
historic STIBOR rats can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding as defined in the Trust Deed. Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall (and shall promptly thereafter notify the Trustee) appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 83 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 77 - 
70-41031940 
 
(j) 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 5(j) is applicable to the Notes only if the "Floating Rate Note Provisions" 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
"Benchmark Event": If the Issuer determines that the relevant Reference Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered when any Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), no later than 5 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period (the "Determination Cut-off Date"), a Successor Rate (as defined below) 
or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
defined below) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate prior to the Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate 
or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the 
Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j)); provided, 
however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to or does not 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to 
the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period (or alternatively, if there has 
not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the initial Rate 
of Interest) (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest that applied to such preceding 
Interest Period for the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period); for the avoidance of 
doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the 
above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may also 
specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count 
Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Interest Determination Date, and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to 
the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, 
in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j)). If the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that an Adjustment Spread 
(as defined below) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such

--- Page 84 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 78 - 
70-41031940 
 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Issuing and Paying Agent 
shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential 
amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as 
may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 5(j) provided, however, 
that neither the Trustee nor the Issuing and Paying Agent (as applicable) shall be 
obliged to agree to any such consequential amendments if the same would, in the 
sole opinion of the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent (as applicable), 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce, or amend its rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to it. Noteholder consent shall not be required in connection 
with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps by the Trustee or Issuing and Paying Agent (if required); 
and 
(v) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or Adjustment Spread, give notice 
thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above to the Trustee, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Noteholders, which shall specify the 
effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and any consequential changes made to these Conditions. No later 
than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer confirming (i) that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and (iv) where 
applicable, the terms of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(j): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); 
or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion 
(as applicable), determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to be appropriate;

--- Page 85 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 79 - 
70-41031940 
 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate (and related alternative screen page or 
source, if available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of notes 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
reference rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the reference rate relates, 
(ii) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate, 
(iii) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, 
(iv) 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part 
thereof, or 
(v) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a 
successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is 
extended pursuant to any Issuer's or Noteholder's option in accordance with 
Condition 6(d) or (e), each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least 100 
per cent. of its principal amount) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of any Note that does not bear interest prior to the Maturity 
Date, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note.

--- Page 86 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 80 - 
70-41031940 
 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the "Amortised Face 
Amount" of any such Note shall be the scheduled Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the "Amortisation Yield" (which, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back 
to their issue price on the Issue Date for the first Tranche of the Notes) 
compounded annually. Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less 
than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), (d) or (e) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which 
the Note becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant 
Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e). 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is 
not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall be published in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices)) at their Early Redemption Amount (together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of 
such notice that: 
(i) 
it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described 
under Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or any political 
subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the Issue Date; and  
(ii)  
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager: (aa) 
a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in 
(i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and 
(bb) a legal opinion acceptable to the Trustee to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment 
and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in (i) and (ii) above, in 
which event it shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders.

--- Page 87 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 81 - 
70-41031940 
 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes (in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part) on any Optional 
Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Dates on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable but may as provided below be 
conditional). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at the Optional Redemption Amount 
applicable to the relevant Optional Redemption Date together with premium and interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions 
shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may 
not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions 
shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional 
Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option, the notice to 
Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Notes to be redeemed or in 
respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such 
place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws (including, in the case of VPS Notes, the rules of the 
VPS) and stock exchange requirements. 
In this Condition 6(d), "Optional Redemption Amount" means, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the: (a) amount so specified; (b) Sterling Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount; or (c) Non-Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
With respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes where the Optional Redemption Amount 
is specified as the Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Non-Sterling Make-
Whole Redemption Amount: unless as at the Make-Whole Redemption Date the 
Sustainability Performance Targets have been achieved (as determined by an External 
Verifier and confirmed in an SPT Verification Assurance Certificate published prior to the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date), the Optional Redemption Amount shall be calculated on 
that basis that: 
(a) 
if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be deemed to have increased; and 
(b) 
if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall be 
deemed to have been payable on the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium 
Payment Date 
in each case in accordance with the terms of the relevant Notes as if the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s) had occurred following the relevant Target 
Observation Date of such Notes. 
Where: 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the Remaining Term of 
the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in determining the redemption price of corporate debt

--- Page 88 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 82 - 
70-41031940 
 
securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and with a comparable remaining 
maturity to the Remaining Term of such Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, leading investment, merchant or 
commercial bank, or financial institution appointed by the Issuer and approved by the 
Trustee for the purposes of calculating the Optional Redemption Amount; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield 
on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on 
the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae 
for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae 
"Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date"(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 
January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market 
practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination 
Agent; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means, with respect to any Make-Whole Reference 
Date, the rate per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual (as the case may be) yield for 
the Remaining Term or interpolated yield for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day 
count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Make-
Whole Reference Date; 
"Make-Whole Reference Date" means the date falling three London Business Days prior 
to the Optional Redemption Date; 
"Non-Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means the amount calculated by the 
Determination Agent which is the greater of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of 
the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the then present values of each remaining 
scheduled payment of principal, premium and interest on such Notes for the Remaining 
Term of the Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) discounted to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate at the Quotation Time 
plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Par Call Commencement Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" means: (A) if DA Selected Bond is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant DA Selected Bond; or (B) the bond specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or (C) if not so specified, or to the extent that the bond specified in the Final Terms 
is no longer outstanding on the relevant Make-Whole Reference Date, the DA Selected 
Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker 
Quotations for the relevant Make-Whole Reference Date, after excluding the highest and 
lowest Reference Market Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer 
than five, but more than one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all 
such quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, 
the amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained; 
"Reference Market Maker Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Market 
Maker and any Make-Whole Reference Date, the average, as determined by the

--- Page 89 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 83 - 
70-41031940 
 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Make-Whole 
Reference Date; 
"Reference Market Maker" means each of five brokers or market makers of securities 
such as the Reference Bond selected by the Determination Agent or such other five 
persons operating in the market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected 
by the Determination Agent in consultation with the Issuer; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Call Commencement Date is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, to such Par Call Commencement Date; and 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" means the amount, determined by the 
Determination Agent, equal to the higher of: (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of 
such Notes; and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed 
as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if 
applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield for the Remaining Term on such Notes 
on the Make-Whole Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield 
(as determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the 
Make-Whole Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus (y) the Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin. 
(e) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If "Clean-up Call" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may (provided that 
no Notes in the Series to be redeemed have already been redeemed and cancelled by the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(d)(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)), having given 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, if, immediately prior to the date that such notice is 
given, 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount originally issued of the Notes 
remain outstanding. Any such redemption shall be at par together, if appropriate, with any 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (other than a Change of Control Put) 
If so provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms, redeem such 
Note on the date or dates so provided at its Optional Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such 
Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any 
Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing 
such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, 
together with a duly completed option exercise notice (an "Exercise Notice"), in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
(as applicable) within the Noteholders' Option Period. No Note or Certificate so 
deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent of 
the Issuer, except that such Note or Certificate will be returned to the relevant 
Noteholder by the Paying Agent, the Registrar or Transfer Agent with which it 
has been deposited if, prior to the due date for its redemption or the exercise of 
the option, the Note becomes immediately due and payable or if upon due 
presentation payment of the redemption moneys is not made or exercise of the 
option is denied.

--- Page 90 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 84 - 
70-41031940 
 
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS 
Notes, the holder of the VPS Notes, must, within the notice period, give notice to 
the relevant account operator of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of the VPS from time to time. 
(ii) 
Change of Control Put 
(A) 
If "Change of Control Put" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 6(f)(ii) shall apply. 
(B) 
If at any time while any Note remains outstanding: 
(1) 
a Change of Control occurs; and 
(2) 
within the Change of Control Period: (A) if the Notes are rated 
with the agreement of the Issuer, a Rating Downgrade in respect 
of that Change of Control occurs; or (B) if the Notes are not rated, 
a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs (in either case, a "Put Event"), 
the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving 
of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to 
redeem the Notes under Condition 6(c)) to require the Issuer to redeem 
or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) (as defined below) at its principal 
amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount 
equal to) accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put). 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(f): 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if (whether or 
not approved by the board of directors or the executive board of the 
Issuer) any person (a "Relevant Person") or persons acting in concert or 
any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s), at any time 
directly or indirectly own(s) or acquire(s) more than 50 per cent. of the 
issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer, provided, however, that a 
Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred if: (i) such 
ownership or acquisition is by the Kingdom of Norway and/or by any 
entity or entities (acting together or individually) controlled by the 
Kingdom of Norway from time to time, or in respect of which the 
Kingdom of Norway owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. 
of the issued ordinary share capital of such entity; or (ii) if the 
shareholders or substantially all of the shareholders of the Relevant 
Person are also, or immediately prior to the event which would otherwise 
constitute a Change of Control were, the shareholders of the Issuer. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the 
earlier of: (i) the date of the relevant Change of Control; and (ii) the date 
of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if 
any) and ending 180 days after the public announcement of the Change 
of Control having occurred. 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of at least BBB- (or 
equivalent thereof) in the case of S&P or a rating of at least Baa3 (or 
equivalent thereof) in the case of Moody's or the equivalent rating in the 
case of any other Rating Agency. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if: (i) the 
Issuer does not within the Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter 
use all reasonable endeavours to obtain from a Rating Agency, a rating; 
or (ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry

--- Page 91 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 85 - 
70-41031940 
 
of the Change of Control Period and as a result of such Change of Control 
obtained an Investment Grade Rating, provided that the Rating Agency 
publicly announces or publicly confirms in writing that its declining to 
assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result of the applicable 
Change of Control. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" means the date which is the seventh 
day after the last day of the Put Period. 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), 
Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's") or any of their 
respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer. 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of 
a Change of Control if within the Change of Control Period the rating 
previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency at the invitation 
of the Issuer is: (i) withdrawn and not subsequently reinstated within the 
Change of Control Period; or (ii) changed from an Investment Grade 
Rating to a non-Investment Grade Rating (for example, from BBB- to 
BB+ by S&P, or its equivalents for the time being, or worse) and not 
subsequently upgraded to an Investment Grade Rating within the Change 
of Control Period; or (iii) (if the rating assigned to the Notes by any 
Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer shall be below an Investment 
Grade Rating) lowered one full rating category (for example, from BB+ 
to BB by S&P or such similar lower or equivalent rating) and not 
subsequently upgraded within the Change of Control Period, provided 
that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular 
change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a 
particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in 
rating to which this definition would otherwise apply does not publicly 
announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result of the 
applicable Change of Control. 
"Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any 
formal public announcement or statement by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
any actual or potential bidder or any adviser thereto relating to any 
potential Change of Control where, within 180 days of the date of such 
announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
(D) 
If a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall within 21 days of the end of 
the Change of Control Period give notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 specifying the nature of the 
Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the option contained in this Condition 6(f)(ii). 
(E) 
To exercise the option to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of a Note under this Condition 6(f)(ii), the holder must deposit 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent 
or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such 
Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, 
together with a duly completed option exercise notice (a "Put Option 
Notice"), in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the period (the "Put Period") 
of 30 days after a Put Event Notice is given. No Note or Certificate so 
deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer, except that such Note or Certificate will be returned 
to the relevant Noteholder by the Paying Agent, the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent with which it has been deposited if, prior to the due date for its 
redemption or the exercise of the option, the Note becomes immediately

--- Page 92 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 86 - 
70-41031940 
 
due and payable or if upon due presentation payment of the redemption 
moneys is not made or exercise of the option is denied. 
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
the VPS Notes, the holder of the VPS Notes, must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the relevant account operator of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of the VPS from time to time. 
(F) 
The Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent (as applicable) to which 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) and (in each case) Put 
Option Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-
transferable receipt (a "Put Option Receipt") in respect of (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) the Note or (in the case of Registered Notes) the 
Certificate so delivered. The Issuer shall redeem or at the option of the 
Issuer purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes in respect of which 
Put Option Receipts have been issued on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), unless previously redeemed or purchased. Payment in respect of 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) any Note or (in the case of Registered Notes) 
any Certificate so delivered will be made, if the Noteholder duly 
specified a bank account to which payment is to be made in the Put 
Option Notice, on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) by transfer to that 
bank account and in every other case on or after the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), in each case against presentation and surrender or (as the case 
may be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent (as applicable) in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 7. 
(G) 
If 95 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes have been 
redeemed or purchased pursuant to this Condition 6(f)(ii), the Issuer may, 
having given not less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16, such notice to be given within 30 days 
after the Optional Redemption Date (Put), redeem or, at the Issuer's 
option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but not some only of the 
Notes then outstanding at their principal amount together with interest 
accrued (if any) to but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice 
referred to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (which shall not be more than 60 
days after the date of the notice). Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer 
will redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Trust Deed) may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at 
any price. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in 
the Trust Deed) must be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by 
surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by 
surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, 
shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) or, in the case of VPS Notes, shall be deleted from the records of the VPS. Any 
Notes so surrendered for cancellation or deleted from the records of the VPS may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged.

--- Page 93 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 87 - 
70-41031940 
 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(g)(v)) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(g)(v)), as the case may 
be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque 
payable in the currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the 
holder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal 
financial centre for that currency or, in the case of euro, at the option of the holder, by 
transfer to or cheque drawn on a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be 
transferred) specified by the holder. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of 
any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at 
the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof 
(the "Record Date"). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made 
in the currency in which such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned and mailed to 
the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date and subject as 
provided in paragraph (a) above, such payment of interest may be made by 
transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency or, in the case 
of payment in euro, by transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be transferred) specified by the holder. 
(c) 
VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes will be made to the Noteholders 
shown in the records of the VPS in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations 
from time to time governing the VPS. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in US dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if: (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law. 
(e) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
(i) 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements

--- Page 94 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 88 - 
70-41031940 
 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto ("FATCA"). No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(ii) 
If any withholding or deduction arises under or in connection with FATCA, the 
Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts under Condition 8 
(Taxation) on account of such withholding or deduction and, accordingly, the 
Issuer shall be acquitted and discharged of so much money as is represented by 
any such withholding or deduction as if such sum had been actually paid to the 
holders of the Notes or Coupons. 
(iii) 
Except to the extent that the Issuer is required to pay any additional amounts under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) on account of a withholding or deduction, the Issuer will 
not be required to pay any additional amounts on account of a withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges required by any law; if any such withholding or 
deduction is required, then the Issuer shall pay the amounts payable net of, and 
after deducting the applicable amount of, such withholding or deduction and shall 
account to the appropriate tax authority for the amount required to be withheld or 
deducted and, accordingly, the Issuer shall be acquitted and discharged of so 
much money as is represented by any such withholding or deduction as if such 
sum had been actually paid to the holders of the Notes or Coupons. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents and VPS Account Manager 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified 
offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agents, the Calculation Agent and the VPS Account Manager act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with 
the approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent 
or the VPS Account Manager and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain: (i) an Issuing and Paying 
Agent; (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes; (iii) a Luxembourg Transfer Agent 
in relation to Registered Notes; (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require; (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities (including Luxembourg) so long as the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange; (vi) in the case of VPS Notes, a VPS Account Manager 
authorised to act as an account operating institution with the VPS; and (vii) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes 
may be listed (or any other relevant authority) in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect 
of any Bearer Notes denominated in US dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (d) above. 
Notice pursuant to Condition 16 of any such change or any change of any specified office 
shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears 
to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Redemption Amount due for

--- Page 95 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 89 - 
70-41031940 
 
payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the 
Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has 
become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
If the Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating 
to it, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only 
bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case 
may be. 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but 
excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(i) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation (in the case of Notes in 
definitive form only), in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Additional Financial 
Centre(s)" in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET2 Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons and under the Trust Deed shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the 
Kingdom of Norway or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional

--- Page 96 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 90 - 
70-41031940 
 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder of, or any beneficial owner of any interest in, 
or rights in respect of, such Note or Coupon who, in each case, is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than the mere holding 
of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth 
(30) day; or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction arises under or in connection with FATCA. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to: (i) "principal" shall be deemed 
to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it; (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and 
all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it; and (iii) 
"principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be 
payable under this Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under 
the Trust Deed. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the 
case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect 
of them. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default"), occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least 20 per cent. in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, give notice to the 
Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
the Issuer fails to pay the principal of or any interest on any of the Notes in the Specified 
Currency when due and, in the case of interest, such failure continues for a period of 14 
days and, in the case of principal, such failure continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in the 
Notes (other than, in the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes only, the obligations set out 
in Conditions 5(c)(iii) (Notice), 5(c)(iv) (Reporting), 5(c)(v) (Verification Assurance) or 
5(c)(vi)(Recalculation Event)) or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy or, 
if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee 
remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by 
the Trustee; or

--- Page 97 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 91 - 
70-41031940 
 
(c) 
Cross-Default 
(i) 
any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due (after the expiry of any 
applicable grace period); or 
(ii) 
any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and 
payable prior to its specified maturity by reason of an event of default (howsoever 
described); 
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and 
indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this 
paragraph (c) has or have occurred equals or exceeds €75,000,000 or its equivalent (on the 
basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the euro as quoted by any 
leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); or 
(d) 
Creditors' Process 
any execution, distress, attachment or legal process is levied, made or taken against, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of, the whole of the assets of the Issuer, or any execution, 
distress, attachment or legal process is levied, made or taken against, or an encumbrancer 
takes possession of, any part of the assets of the Issuer and the Trustee certifies that in its 
opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders except 
where: 
(i) 
within 30 days of receiving notice of the action all appropriate and bona fide 
procedural and other steps have been commenced by the Issuer in order to contest 
such execution, distress, attachment or legal process; and 
(ii) 
within 90 days of the Issuer receiving notice of the action, the execution, distress, 
attachment or legal process has been permanently stayed, vacated or otherwise 
discontinued; or 
(e) 
Insolvency 
the Issuer is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or 
unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a 
material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, proposes or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant 
creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect 
of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer; or 
(f) 
Winding-up 
a petition is presented or an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-
up or dissolution of the Issuer, or the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or operations or sells or transfers, directly or indirectly, all 
or substantially all of its undertaking or assets, except, in either case, for the purpose of 
and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation 
on terms approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of the Noteholders; or 
(g) 
Appointment of Liquidator etc. 
any liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, judicial custodian, compulsory manager, receiver, 
administrative receiver, administrator or the like is appointed in respect of the Issuer or 
any part of its assets and, if only part of its assets, the Trustee certifies that in its opinion 
such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(h) 
Analogous Events 
any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect 
to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d), (e), (f) or (g) above.

--- Page 98 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 92 - 
70-41031940 
 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions: 
"Financial Indebtedness" means (without double counting) any indebtedness of the 
Issuer (other than Limited Recourse Indebtedness) (not being indebtedness owed to any 
other member of the Group) in respect of: (a) moneys borrowed; (b) any debenture, bond, 
note or other debt instrument; (c) any acceptance credit; (d) any liability in respect of any 
purchase prices for assets or services, payment of which is deferred for a period in excess 
of 180 days; (e) any note purchase facility; (f) currency swap or interest swap, cap or collar 
arrangements or other derivative instruments; (g) amounts raised under any other 
transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or purchase agreement) having 
the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money; or (h) any guarantee, indemnity 
or similar assurance against financial loss of any person. 
"Limited Recourse Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of the Issuer for borrowed 
money or indebtedness in respect of currency swap or interest rate swap, cap or collar 
arrangements or other derivative instruments to finance the ownership, acquisition, 
development, redevelopment and/or operation by the Issuer of an asset in respect of which 
the person or persons to whom any such indebtedness for borrowed money is or may be 
owed by the Issuer has or have no recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group for 
the repayment thereof other than: 
(i) 
recourse to the Issuer for amounts limited to the cash flow or net cash flow (other 
than historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset; and/or 
(ii) 
recourse to the Issuer for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in 
respect of such indebtedness for borrowed money or other indebtedness as 
aforesaid in an enforcement of any security interest given by the Issuer over such 
asset or the income or cash flow deriving therefrom ("Relevant Property") (or 
given by a shareholder or the like in the Issuer over its shares or the like in the 
capital of the Issuer ("Related Property")) to secure such indebtedness. 
Provided that: (A) the extent of such recourse to the Issuer is limited solely to 
the amount of any recoveries made on any such enforcement; and (B) such person 
or persons are not entitled, by virtue of any right or claim arising out of or in 
connection with such indebtedness, to commence proceedings for the winding-up 
or dissolution of the Issuer or to appoint or procure the appointment of any 
receiver, trustee or similar person or officer in respect of the Issuer or any of its 
assets (save for the assets the subject of such security interest); and/or 
(iii) 
recourse to the Issuer generally, or directly or indirectly to a member of the Group, 
under any form of assurance, undertaking or support, which recourse is limited to 
a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages and damages required to be 
calculated in a specified way) for breach of an obligation (not being a payment 
obligation or an obligation to procure payment by another or an indemnity in 
respect thereof or an obligation to comply or to procure compliance by another 
with any financial ratios or other tests of financial condition) by the person against 
whom such recourse is available. 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
"Subsidiary" shall have the meaning given thereto in the Trust Deed. 
11. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of holders of Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any 
provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding 
not less than 10 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be

--- Page 99 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 93 - 
70-41031940 
 
two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter 
alia: (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment 
of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes; (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount 
of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes; (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of 
interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or 
rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of 
the Notes; (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount 
is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum Rate of Interest and/or 
Maximum Rate of Interest; (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the 
Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount; 
(vi) to take any steps that as specified in the relevant Final Terms may only be taken 
following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum 
provisions apply; or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any 
meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in 
which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing 
not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present 
at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified, or varied in relation to any Series of Notes 
by the terms of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Meetings of holders of VPS Notes 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any 
provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding 
not less than 10 per cent. in principal amount of the VPS Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding a certificate (dated no earlier than 14 
days prior to the meeting) from either the VPS or the VPS Account Manager stating that 
the holder is entered into the records of the VPS as a Noteholder or representing a clear 
majority in principal amount of the VPS Notes for the time being outstanding and 
providing an undertaking that no transfers or dealings have taken place or will take place 
in the relevant VPS Notes until the conclusion of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting 
two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of 
the VPS Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia: (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of 
the VPS Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the VPS Notes; 
(ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption 
of, the VPS Notes; (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the VPS Notes 
or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the VPS Notes; (iv) if a Minimum 
and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest; (v) to vary any 
method of, or basis for, calculating the Redemption Amount, including the method of 
calculating the Amortised Face Amount; (vi) to take any steps that as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply; or (vii) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to 
pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned 
meeting not less than 25 per cent., in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders 
(whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed).

--- Page 100 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 94 - 
70-41031940 
 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video 
conference) as the Trustee may determine in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified, or varied in relation to any Series of VPS 
Notes by the terms of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
For the purposes of a meeting of Noteholders, the person named in the certificate from the 
VPS or the VPS Account Manager described above shall be treated as the holder of the 
VPS Notes specified in such certificate provided that he has given an undertaking not to 
transfer the VPS Notes so specified (prior to the close of the meeting) and the Trustee shall 
be entitled to assume that any such undertaking is validly given, shall not enquire as to its 
validity and enforceability, shall not be obliged to enforce any such undertaking and shall 
be entitled to rely on the same. 
(c) 
Modification of the Trust Deed 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: (i) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, is proven; and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust 
Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall 
be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
(d) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such 
amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of any 
other company in place of the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as principal 
debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of 
the law governing the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed provided 
that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred 
to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a 
class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall 
any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the 
Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case 
may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further

--- Page 101 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 95 - 
70-41031940 
 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect 
of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them and/or the issue price) and so that 
such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of 
any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their 
issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) 
any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. 
Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any 
other securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed. The Trust 
Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of 
securities of other series where the Trustee so decides. 
14. 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed and the Notes, but it 
need not take any such proceedings unless: (i) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in principal amount 
of the Notes outstanding; and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such 
failure is continuing. 
15. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any 
entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
16. 
Notices 
(a) 
Holders of Registered and/or Bearer Notes 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a 
day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing and if such Registered 
Notes are admitted to trading on and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, a notice shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt) and on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Notices to the holders 
of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as the Notes are listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt) and on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If in the opinion of the 
Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is 
made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 102 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 96 - 
70-41031940 
 
(b) 
Holders of VPS Notes 
In the case of VPS Notes, notices shall be given in accordance with the procedures of the 
VPS as amended from time to time. 
17. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered or falling to be due in a currency other than the currency in 
which payment under the relevant Note or Coupon is due (under any applicable law and whether 
as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect 
of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer 
to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the 
recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the 
date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the 
first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the 
amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify 
it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient 
against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be 
sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would 
have suffered a loss had all actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder 
or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim 
or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other 
judgment or order. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons 
and the Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 
March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time and the holders of VPS Notes will be 
entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this 
Act and any related regulations and legislation. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with the Trust Deed any Notes, Coupons or Talons (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed, any Notes, Coupons or Talons) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, any Notes, Coupons or Talons 
("Proceedings"), including any proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, any Notes, Coupons or Talons, may 
be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the 
jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS of Paternoster 
House, 65 St Paul's Churchyard, London EC4M 8AB, United Kingdom to receive, for it 
and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 103 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 97 - 
70-41031940 
 
(d) 
Waiver of Immunity 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably agreed that no immunity (to the extent that it 
may now or hereafter exist, whether on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise) from any 
Proceedings or from execution of judgment shall be claimed by or on behalf of or with 
respect to its assets, and has irrevocably waived any such immunity and the Issuer has in 
the Trust Deed consented generally in respect of any Proceedings to the giving of any 
relief or the issue of any process in connection with any such Proceedings including, 
without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
of any order or judgment which may be made or given in such Proceedings.

--- Page 104 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 98 - 
70-41031940 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes (including but not limited to any Sustainability-Linked Notes) will, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, be used by the Issuer for 
its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 105 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 99 - 
70-41031940 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes issued in bearer form and cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be initially issued in the form of a temporary Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), a permanent Global Note which 
in either case will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the 
"Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Depositing the Global Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with: (i) the Common Depositary (if the Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form); or (ii) the Common Safekeeper (if the Global Note is intended to be 
issued in NGN form) or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered in the records of both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing 
systems shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and 
a statement issued by a clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as applicable, may 
(if indicated in the relevant Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes)) also be credited to the accounts of other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered 
Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global 
Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim 
directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented 
by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in 
respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 106 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 100 - 
70-41031940 
 
Exchange 
1. 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C Rules or in a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "General Description of 
the Programme - Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes 
defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes), for Definitive Notes. 
2. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under "Partial Exchange of Permanent Global 
Notes", in part for Definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means: 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other clearing system (an "Alternative Clearing System"), and any such clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business 
or in fact does so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. Noteholders who hold Notes in the relevant clearing 
system in amounts that are not integral multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to 
purchase or sell, on or before the relevant Exchange Date, a principal amount of Notes such that 
their holding is an integral multiple of a Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) states that the Notes 
are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of Notes 
represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(d) may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system 
is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does 
in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(iii) 
with the consent of the Issuer; 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its specified office of the 
Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer.

--- Page 107 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 101 - 
70-41031940 
 
4. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and that clearing 
system so permits, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions only for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
5. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a NGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to 
or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof 
to be exchanged, the Issuer will: (i) if the Global Notes are not NGNs, in the case of a temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a 
permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of 
a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, 
or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange; (ii) if the Global 
Notes are NGNs, procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the relevant clearing systems; or (iii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount 
of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be. In this 
Base Prospectus, "Definitive Notes" means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer 
Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all 
Coupons in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). 
Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, 
if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the 
relevant Definitive Notes. 
6. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less 
than 60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure 
to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply 
to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
1. 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D 
Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect 
of Notes represented by a Global Note will be made against presentation (and, in the case of a 
Global Note not intended to be issued in NGN form, endorsement) and, if no further payment falls 
to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for 
such purpose. If a Global Note is not a NGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed 
on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been 
made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing systems and the 
nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing systems and

--- Page 108 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 102 - 
70-41031940 
 
represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Each payment so made will discharge 
the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the 
relevant clearing systems shall not affect such discharge. 
2. 
Record Date 
For so long as each Global Certificate is held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
Record Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(b)(ii) provided that the words 
"fifteenth day" shall be deemed to be replaced with "ICSD Business Day". "ICSD Business Day" 
means a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business. 
3. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Global Note will become 
void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
4. 
Meetings 
The holder of a Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless such 
Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons for 
the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, 
the holder of a Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each €1 or such other 
amount as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders 
of Notes denominated in another currency, such amount in such other currency as the Trustee in 
its absolute discretion may stipulate) in nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note. 
5. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
6. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
thereon. 
7. 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn 
in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. 
If any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the 
rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) and/or any Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
8. 
Noteholders' Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global 
Note giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of 
Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available 
from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers 
of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of 
Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global 
Note is not a NGN, presenting the permanent Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to

--- Page 109 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 103 - 
70-41031940 
 
a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the 
permanent Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes 
recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
9. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being 
made, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted 
accordingly. 
10. 
Trustee's Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or 
Registered Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may 
have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the 
identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global 
Note or Registered Notes and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the 
holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
11. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of 
a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to 
the holder of the Global Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort or the Tageblatt). 
12. 
Interest 
So long as any Fixed Rate Notes are represented by a Global Note, interest shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note and multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
So long as any Floating Rate Notes are represented by a Global Note, the Issuing and Paying Agent 
will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.

--- Page 110 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 104 - 
70-41031940 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO VPS NOTES 
Each Series of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title 
to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS. Issues of VPS Notes will be 
constituted by the Trust Deed. On the issue of such VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the Trustee, 
with copies sent to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the VPS Account Manager (the "VPS 
Letter"), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS 
Letter, including the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), to the 
VPS and notification to the VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, 
the VPS Account Manager will credit each subscribing account holder with the VPS with the nominal 
amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will 
take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS.

--- Page 111 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 105 - 
70-41031940 
 
TELENOR ASA 
INTRODUCTION 
Telenor ASA ("Telenor") was incorporated on 21 July 2000 under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway 
pursuant to the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act (lov av 13. Juni 1997 nr. 45 om 
Allmennaksjeselskaper). Telenor AS, the predecessor of Telenor, was renamed Telenor Communication 
AS (now Telenor Eiendom Holding AS). On 3 October 2000, Telenor became the ultimate holding 
company of Telenor and its subsidiaries (the "Telenor Group"). Telenor is registered in the Norwegian 
Register of Companies with organisational number 982 463 718 under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. 
The telephone number for Telenor is +47 67 89 00 00 and its registered office address is Snarøyveien 30, 
N-1331 Fornebu, Norway. Telenor's website is https://www.telenor.com/. 
Predecessors of companies which now form part of the Telenor Group have been responsible for 
telecommunications in Norway since 1855. Telenor Communication AS (now Telenor Eiendom Holding 
AS) was established on 24 June 1994 as a limited liability company, wholly owned by the Kingdom of 
Norway. On 1 January 1998, the Norwegian telecommunications market was opened to full competition by 
the Norwegian government, a process which began in 1988. In December 2000, Telenor made an initial 
public offering of 372,151,899 of its ordinary shares representing 21 per cent. of its outstanding share 
capital, in the form of ordinary shares and American Depositary Shares. The American Depositary Shares 
were subsequently delisted with effect from September 2007 as a result of Telenor's assessment that the 
benefits of maintaining a U.S. listing were outweighed by the costs of continued compliance with U.S. 
reporting requirements. As a result of the initial public offering, Telenor and the Telenor Group ceased to 
be wholly owned by the Kingdom of Norway. 
The Kingdom of Norway is the largest stakeholder in Telenor and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
held 53.97 per cent. of the issued share capital of Telenor through the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and 
Industry. The Kingdom of Norway is not to reduce its stake in Telenor further, unless specific circumstances 
exist that would allow for a reduction of ownership interest to 34 per cent. The remaining 46.03 per cent. 
of the issued share capital of Telenor is held by general retail and institutional investors. As at 31 December 
2021, Telenor had a share capital of NOK 8,396,748,198 divided into 1,399,458,033 ordinary shares 
("shares") with a nominal value of NOK 6 each. All shares have equal voting rights and the right to receive 
dividends. 
Telenor's shares are listed on the Oslo Børs. 
TELENOR'S OPERATIONS 
Telenor is a leading provider of mobile telecommunications and fixed-line communications services in 
Norway and a leading provider of television and broadcasting services to consumers and enterprises in the 
Nordic region. Telenor is also a significant provider of mobile telecommunications services internationally. 
As at 30 September 2022, Telenor had a total of 172 million consolidated mobile subscriptions. 
Telenor has mobile and fixed-line operations in Norway, Sweden and Denmark and mobile operations in 
Thailand, Malaysia, Bangladesh and Pakistan. Telenor's mobile business includes voice, data, internet, 
content services, customer equipment and electronic commerce. 
As at 30 September 2022, Telenor's shareholdings in mobile and fixed-line businesses were: 
• 
100 per cent. ownership interest in Telenor's business in Norway ("Telenor Norway"), held by 
Telenor through Telenor Networks Holding AS; 
• 
100 per cent. ownership interest in Telenor's business in Sweden ("Telenor Sweden"), held by 
Telenor through Telenor Mobile Holding AS; 
• 
100 per cent. ownership interest in Telenor's business in Denmark ("Telenor Denmark"), held by 
Telenor through Telenor Mobile Holding AS; 
• 
100 per cent. ownership interest in Telenor's business in DNA Finland ("DNA") held by Telenor 
through Telenor Finland Holding Oy;

--- Page 112 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 106 - 
70-41031940 
 
• 
through Telenor Mobile Holding AS, Telenor has a direct ownership of 42.6 per cent. in Total 
Access Communications plc ("dtac") in Thailand; 
• 
through Telenor Mobile Holding AS, Telenor has an ownership of 49 per cent. in Digi.Com Berhad 
("Digi") in Malaysia; 
• 
through Telenor Mobile Holding AS, Telenor has an ownership of 55.8 per cent. in Grameenphone 
Ltd. in Bangladesh; and 
• 
through Telenor Mobile Holding AS, Telenor has an ownership of 100 per cent. in Telenor Pakistan 
Pvt. Ltd. ("Telenor Pakistan"). 
Other units of the Telenor Group consist of the activities of several companies that separately are not 
significant enough to be reported as individual segments, such as maritime communications and companies 
exploring machine-to-machine opportunities, and includes activities that support the core business as well 
as some financial investments. See "Other Units" and "Recent Developments" below. 
Telenor Norway 
Telenor is the incumbent telecom operator in Norway, with a history of more than 150 years. Telenor's 
service portfolio includes fixed-line and mobile telephony, broadband, TV and datacom services for 
residential and business customers, as well as a broad range of wholesale and broadcasting services. Telenor 
Norway's main legal entities is Telenor Norge AS. 
The electronic communications sector in Norway is regulated through both sector-specific and general laws 
and regulations. Although not an EU member, Norway is required, as a member of the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA"), to adhere to the EU's regulatory framework to the extent that EU directives are adopted 
by the EEA pursuant to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The Electronic Communication 
Act (the "ECA") and regulations adopted pursuant to the ECA implement the EU regulatory framework for 
the electronic communications sector in Norway. The competent regulatory authority in Norway is the 
NKOM. 
Telenor is one of the leading providers of mobile communications in Norway, with technology neutral 
licenses within the 700, 800, 900, 1800, 2100, 2600 and 3600 MHz bands. Telenor markets mobile 
subscriptions under the brand names Telenor and Talkmore. Telenor provides fixed-line telecommunication 
solutions to residential and business customers. The service portfolio includes Public Switched Telephone 
Network ("PSTN") and Integrated Services Digital Network ("ISDN") fixed telephony services, broadband 
telephony or Voice over Internet Protocol ("VoIP") services, Digital Subscriber Lines ("DSLs"), Fibre to 
the Home ("FTTH"), Hybrid Fibre Coax ("HFC") and fixed wireless broadband over the mobile network 
("FWA"). In addition, Telenor provides cyber security services, leased lines, integrated voice and data 
telecommunications and access and network services to the business market. 
In addition to its retail offerings, Telenor provides a wide range of interconnection and carrier services, 
including leased lines, to the Norwegian wholesale market. The wholesale interconnect and carrier services 
enable other network operators, internet service providers and other service providers to connect to 
Telenor's network or use Telenor's infrastructure to facilitate their own service offerings. Telenor also 
provides international operators with transit and transmission capacity services for international voice and 
data traffic into or through Norway. Telenor provides wholesale line rental (PSTN and ISDN) and DSL and 
fibre wholesale to other operators and service providers. Furthermore, Telenor provides local loop 
unbundling (full and shared access to the local copper and fibre loop), which enables other operators to 
provide end users with broadband. Telenor also provides TV services over fibre, Hybrid fiber-coaxial 
(HFC) and mobile networks and broadcasting services in the form of terrestrial radio and TV transmission. 
Telenor Sweden 
Telenor Sweden is a full-scale convergent telecom provider in the Swedish business and consumer markets. 
Telenor Sweden operates under three brands (Telenor, Ownit and Vimla) and has two main business units 
(Business and Consumer). Telenor Sweden's main legal entity is Telenor Sverige AB. Mobile telephony 
and mobile broadband is offered on a retail basis to both the business and consumer markets through the 
Telenor and Vimla brands. In the consumer market, Telenor provides high-speed fixed-line broadband for 
internet access, Internet Protocol television ("IPTV"), telephony, and add-on broadband services. Further

--- Page 113 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 107 - 
70-41031940 
 
the company offers DSL broadband. Ownit provides fibre broadband for internet access, IPTV and 
telephony. In the business market, Telenor Sweden also offers fixed-line network data communication, 
telephony, DSL and IP-based communication services. 
Telenor Denmark 
Telenor entered the Danish market in 2000 with the acquisition of a 53.5 per cent. stake in the mobile 
operator Sonofon. In December 2003, Telenor purchased the remaining 46.5 per cent. of the shares in 
Sonofon. Other acquisitions in Denmark include CBB mobil in 2004, Cybercity in 2005, Tele2 Denmark 
in 2007 and BiBoB in May 2009. Telenor Denmark Holding is the owner and parent company of Telenor 
A/S. Telenor Denmark Holding was established in November 2005 when Sonofon Holding A/S changed 
its name to Telenor Denmark Holding. In September 2008, Sonofon, Cybercity and Tele2 were merged 
into one company named Sonofon, and in June 2009 Sonofon and Cybercity were rebranded as Telenor. In 
2021, Telenor has been operating the Telenor and CBB brands. 
Telenor Denmark provides 4G and 5G mobile services for residential and business customers in Denmark 
and is the second largest mobile operator in Denmark. In 2012, Telenor and TeliaSonera entered into a 
network sharing agreement, and as a result Telenor's network covers the whole country, with more than 
4,000 sites. 
Telenor Denmark further provides fixed broadband and telephony for residential and enterprise customers. 
DNA Finland 
On 21 August 2019, Telenor acquired 54 per cent. of the shares in DNA from the two main shareholders 
Finda Telecoms Oy and PHP Holding Oy, and further increased its ownership to 97.96 per cent. following 
the initial mandatory tender offer that ended on 10 October 2019. DNA has been a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Telenor from 3 February 2020. 
DNA is a telecom provider in Finnish business and consumer markets and provides voice, data and TV 
services. DNA operates under the two brands DNA and Moi, where DNA is the main brand. DNA's main 
legal entity is DNA Oyj. DNA has its own national mobile and fixed network and over 3,5 million mobile 
and fixed-network subscribers. In the consumer market, DNA provides high speed fixed broadband for 
internet access, Internet Protocol television (IPTV), in addition to DSL broadband, fixed line telephony and 
coax-TV. DNA is Finland's largest cable operator. In the business market, DNA also provides networking 
services, security services and Internet of Things ("IoT") services. DNA has a retail chain selling mobile 
devices and telecommunications services in Finland with more than 60 stores. 
dtac (Thailand) 
In Thailand, dtac was established in 1989. Telenor became a shareholder of dtac in 2001. dtac offers mobile 
voice, data, roaming and value-added services to its customers through contract and prepaid tariff plans. 
dtac was listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand ("SET") on 22 June 2007. dtac is the third largest mobile 
communications provider in Thailand. In April 2018, dtac entered into a service agreement with TOT Public 
Company Limited ("TOT") giving dtac access to TOT's 2300MHz spectrum. Until September 2018, dtac 
operated under a concession agreement with CAT Telecom Public Company Limited ("CAT") which 
required dtac to share a proportion of its service revenues from the 850MHz and 1800MHz networks with 
CAT. In September 2018, at the end of concession dtac entered into a lease agreement with CAT ensuring 
continued access to network infrastructure post-concession. dtac has further acquired a new 1800 MHz 
spectrum in August 2018, 900 MHz spectrum in October 2018, 700 MHz spectrum in 2019 and 26 GHz in 
2020, in addition to the 2100MHz spectrum it already has a licence to operate. Other mobile operators in 
Thailand are AIS and True Corporation Public Company Limited (the "True Group"). 
In November 2021, Telenor and Charoen Pokphand Group agreed to explore the creation of a new company 
by amalgamating dtac and True Group in Thailand. The current operations of dtac and True Group will 
continue to run their respective businesses independently while the next steps are being considered. A joint 
integration planning project has been established to work on business development, synergies, and 
transition planning.

--- Page 114 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 108 - 
70-41031940 
 
Digi (Malaysia) 
Digi.Com Berhad is listed on Bursa Malaysia Berhad and its mobile service operations are undertaken by 
its wholly-owned subsidiary, Digi Telecommunications Sdn Bhd ("Digi Telecommunications"). 
In May 1995, Digi launched its fully digital GSM1800 services, the first digital mobile telecommunications 
service in Malaysia. Over the last 20 years, Digi has grown to become one of the leading mobile 
telecommunication operators in Malaysia, with well-established mobile network coverage reaching more 
than 96 per cent. of the Malaysian population. Digi's 4G network coverage has expanded to 94 per cent. of 
the population. Digi is the second largest operator in terms of customers. In terms of revenue market share 
Digi is the third largest with a market share of 24.5 per cent. Other mobile operators are Maxis, Celcom 
and U Mobile. 
On 8 April 2021, Telenor Group and Axiata Group Berhad ("Axiata") announced that the two companies 
were in advanced discussions regarding a potential merger of Digi and Celcom Axiata Berhad ("Celcom"), 
in which the parties will have an equal ownership of 33.1 per cent. each, with the rest of the shares on a 
free float. On 21 June 2021, Axiata, Telenor and Digi announced that the transaction agreements for the 
proposed merger of Celcom, the oldest mobile network operator in Malaysia, and Digi had been signed. 
The different preparatory steps to proceed with the merger are currently being taken and it is expected that 
the merger will be completed by the end of 2022. The new company will be a leading provider of 
telecommunication services in Malaysia, with competence and scale to meet increasing expectations and 
demand from a digitally connected society. 
Further, on 7 October 2022, Digi Telecommunications announced it has entered into a conditional share 
subscription agreement for a 12.5 per cent. equity stake in Digital Nasional Berhad ("DNB"). DNB will 
own and build out Malaysia's 5G network following the Malaysian government's decision to maintain a 
single wholesale 5G network. Digi Telecommunications is currently in the process of fulfilling the 
conditions precedent for the closing of the purchase. In accordance with the documentation for the equity 
subscription, Digi Telecommunications' equity stake in DNB will increase to 17.5 per cent. in the event 
that the proposed merger between Celcom and Digi does not complete by mid-2023, so that its equity stake 
is equal to that of the other three mobile network operator investors. 
Grameenphone (Bangladesh) 
In Bangladesh, Grameenphone is one of the leading providers of mobile telecommunication services. 
Having started its operations in 1997, with a vision to bridge the digital divide between the rural and urban 
Bangladesh through affordable mobile technology. Grameenphone provides voice, data, and numerous 
value-added services on both prepaid and contract basis while pioneering in innovative mobile-based 
solutions in Bangladesh. 
Grameenphone actively promotes the benefit of using the Internet to reduce inequalities by empowering 
youth, especially girls. In 2020, Grameenphone trained more than 685,000 children on digital and 
traditional media through partnerships with UNICEF and in collaboration with the Bangladesh Ministry of 
Women and Children Affairs. With an objective to create enlightened minds, Grameenphone has been 
supporting Bishwo Shahitto Kendro in different capacities since 2004. Grameenphone also supports Alor 
Pathshala (alorpathshala.org), an online platform that allows free reading and downloading of books. To 
support emergency communication for fishermen and commuters in coastal areas, Grameenphone has 
extended its deep-sea network coverage up to 38 kilometres. Grameenphone launched "sign language" 
based digital care service in its self-service digital care app "MyGP" in order to serve the hearing and speech 
impaired community. Grameenphone has been catering the entertainment segment through two of its 
popular services: GP Music, country's largest digital music collection, and Bioscope, providing video 
contents and live-streaming. For the past seven years, Grameenphone has been enabling entrepreneurship 
in Bangladesh through its "Accelerator" program by providing seed money and mentorship to the selected 
aspiring start-ups. 
Grameenphone was listed in November 2009. Telenor, being the majority shareholder, holds 55.8 per cent. 
of the shares in Grameenphone, while Grameen Telecom holds 34.2 per cent. The remaining 10 per cent. 
of the shares are held by general retail and institutional investors. Having customer centricity at the heart 
of its services and operations, Grameenphone has rolled out more than 16,800 active network sites, 
including more than 15,400 4G network sites, reaching 99.6 per cent. population coverage in Bangladesh 
with its 2G/GSM services and over 95 per cent. with 4G/LTE services.

--- Page 115 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 109 - 
70-41031940 
 
Telenor Pakistan 
Telenor Pakistan is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Telenor. On 26 May 2004, Telenor was awarded a GSM 
licence to build and operate a mobile network in Pakistan. On 15 March 2005, a full multimedia platform 
for commercial mobile services was launched under the name of Telenor Pakistan. Telenor Pakistan holds 
a licence for Long Distance International Traffic ("LDI"). 
Pakistan's telecoms market mirrors its status as a developing economy, with some areas growing strongly 
and others at developing stages. There is healthy competition in the mobile market with four mobile network 
operators. Previously there were five mobile network operators prior to the merger of Mobilink and Warid 
Telecom in 2017. The high level of competition in the mobile market has kept the prices at a low level. The 
low ARPU is also due to lack of popularity of post-paid services in Pakistan, which have significantly 
higher ARPU than prepaid services. The contract share of mobile connections for Telenor Pakistan stood 
at 1 per cent. as at 31 March 2022. 
On 30 June 2022, Telenor decided to impair the value of the non-current assets in Telenor Pakistan as a 
result of a significant increase in interest rates, country risk premium and market premiums, as well as the 
decision by the Supreme Court of Pakistan to maintain the renewal fee for the 900MHz and 1800 Mhz 
spectrum license in Pakistan at the level set by the Pakistani Telecommunication Authority (which was 
being contested by Telenor). As at 30 June 2022, the impaired amount related to property, plant and 
equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets in Telenor Pakistan equalled NOK2.5 billion and the 
recoverable amount of the assets is estimated to be NOK 5.8 billion. 
Telenor Myanmar 
On 25 March 2022, Telenor completed the sale of Telenor Myanmar to M1 Group following receipt of 
regulatory approvals from the Myanmar Investment Commission on 17 March 2022. In line with the sale 
and purchase agreement, Telenor has received USD 50 million (approximately NOK 450 million) at closing 
and paid USD 4 million in transaction costs. The remaining USD 55 million shall be received in equal 
instalments over the next five years. Closing of the transaction has a minor impact on the equity of Telenor 
Group. However, the reclassification of accumulated losses related to translation differences earlier 
recognised in other comprehensive income has impacted the income statement negatively by approximately 
NOK 0.8 billion. The derecognition of the cash balance in Telenor Myanmar and the proceeds received at 
closing results in a net negative cash flow impact of around NOK 1.7 billion. Due to the uncertain situation 
in Myanmar, the deferred payment is not recognised in the accounts as of 31 March 2022. The business 
will continue to operate under the brand name Telenor Myanmar for four months and have a transition 
service agreement with Telenor for six months. Telenor Myanmar has been classified as asset held for sale 
and discontinued operation since the second quarter of 2021. Therefore, the comparative numbers for the 
income statement were represented. During first quarter of 2021, Telenor Myanmar recognised an 
impairment loss of NOK 6.5 billion. 
Group Holdings 
Group Holdings is a unit where adjacent and non-telecommunications assets in Telenor have been gathered 
under a professional ownership team. The key objective of the unit is to strengthen the value creation 
potential and long-term development of the companies in the portfolio. The unit is responsible for assessing 
multiple strategies for value creation through operational improvement, synergies with Telenor's core 
business, platform for future growth, partnering and potential restructuring. 
Telenor Maritime 
Telenor Maritime is a mobile operator at sea and a marine communication specialist company. Telenor 
Maritime provides global mobile coverage, internet, and backhaul for the offshore and fishing industry, 
cruise ships and ferries. For the offshore industry, 4G networks are built on the Norwegian Continental 
Shelf. Telenor Maritime's connectivity platform bundles and provides high-quality backhaul to the ship 
networks either through VSAT, mobile broadband 3G/4G or Wi-Fi in port. 
Telenor Satellite 
Telenor Satellite is a versatile satellite operator, serving customers with premium, high-quality Broadcast 
and Data Services from 1° West. Telenor Satellite works with the industry's leading antenna suppliers for

--- Page 116 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 110 - 
70-41031940 
 
land and sea services, the biggest direct-to-home (DTH) providers across the Nordics and Central Eastern 
Europe for broadcast TV and all of the world's largest broadcasters for video services. 
Telenor Linx 
Telenor Linx – wholly owned by the Telenor Group and a provider of integrated services and secure user 
connectivity for subscribers - is the result of merging the two global units Telenor Digital AS and Telenor 
Global Services AS. The company employs 200 people across the world with offices in Norway (HQ), 
Sweden, Poland, Dubai, Pakistan, Thailand and Singapore. 
Carousell 
Carousell is a classifieds marketplace that makes selling as easy as taking a photo, buying as simple as 
chatting. Carousell began in Singapore and is now present in eight markets across Southeast Asia. Carousell 
is backed by Telenor Group, Rakuten Ventures, Naver, and Sequoia Capital India. Telenor entered as a 
shareholder with a 32 per cent. equity stake through a merger of Telenor's 701 Search and Carousell in 
November 2019. 
Allente 
Allente is a leading distributor of entertainment and connectivity services to households and enterprises in 
the Nordic region, with around 1,150,000 customers. Allente provides its services on various platforms, 
including DTH (through transmission capacity from Telenor Satellite) and IPTV (through fibre broadband 
connections). Linear TV is complemented by attractive streaming services. 
Allente is the result of a merger between Canal Digital and Viasat Consumer Business conducted in May 
2020 and is owned 50 per cent. each by Telenor and Nordic Entertainment Group. 
OTHER UNITS 
Telenor Connexion 
Telenor Connexion designs and operates IoT solutions on a global scale. IoT is about connecting sensors 
into products and getting such products online for real-time communication with each other, a company or 
a user. Customers in vertical markets are diverse and includes automotive, fleet management, security, 
cargo, utilities, industrial manufacturing use and more. The customers of Telenor Connexion's IoT solutions 
achieve productivity gains, efficiency, extended customer offerings and environmental improvements as 
they expand customer services by connecting processes online. Telenor Connexion's main service offering 
consists of a "IoT Cloud" and "IoT Connect". IoT Cloud automates the delivery and management of mobile 
services to connected devices, while IoT Connect is an end-to-end solution enabling customers to add 
digital services to their products without having extensive IT infrastructure. Telenor Connexion delivers 
service and support for data and connectivity management enabling customers to gain deeper insights into 
their data for continued innovation and product development. 
Financial Services 
In Pakistan, Telenor has a strategic partnership agreement with Ant Financial Services Group ("Ant 
Financial") where Ant Financial holds 45 per cent. stake in Tameer Microfinance Bank Limited. With 
effect from the first quarter 2018, TMB was classified as an asset held for sale and therefore not captured 
in the Group's financial reporting. 
Telenor Infra 
In January 2020, Telenor Infra was established as a part of Telenor's overall modernization 
program. Telenor Infra's mandate is to operate, optimize and modernize Telenor's passive infrastructure 
(towers, masts and properties) in Norway for mobile, fixed and broadcasting. The company is fully owned 
by Telenor ASA and will sell co-location services to both Telenor Norway as well as external customers 
wanting to use Telenor's infrastructure in order to facilitate their own service offerings. Responsibility for 
operation of the active mobile and fixed equipment (radio, antenna and transmission) remains with Telenor 
Norway. Telenor Infra adheres to the same regulatory framework as Telenor Norway.

--- Page 117 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 111 - 
70-41031940 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
During 2022, Telenor incorporated Telenor Fiber AS to hold the ownership of passive fibre infrastructure 
to support future investments in Norway's telecom infrastructure along with a minority co-investor. On 7 
October 2022, Telenor reached an agreement to divest a 30 per cent. ownership interest in Telenor Fiber 
AS to a consortium led by KKR, investing through its Core Infrastructure strategy. The consortium includes 
Oslo Pensjonsforsikring as a co-investor. The agreed equity sale price will result in proceeds of 
approximately NOK10.8 billion, representing an enterprise value for Telenor Fiber AS of NOK 36.1 billion, 
Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework 
Telenor adopted a framework relating to its sustainability strategy and targets for its sustainability linked 
financing instruments (the "Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework") in accordance with the 
Sustainability-Linked Bonds Principles 2020 (the "SLBP") administered by the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA) and the Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles 2022 (the "SLLP") 
administered by the Loan Market Association (LMA). The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
was reviewed by Sustainalytics, who has provided the Second Party Opinion, confirming the alignment 
with the SLBP and the SLLP. The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework outlines, among other 
things, the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) embedded by Telenor in its financial transactions and the 
Second Party Opinion refers to the associated sustainable development goals ("SDGs") relating to climate 
change or environmental degradation. 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, the relevant Second Party Opinion provided by 
Sustainalytics and any other document related thereto are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and will be available on Telenor's website at 
https://www.telenor.com. 
LEGAL DISPUTES AND CONTINGENCIES 
The Group is subject to various legal proceedings, disputes and claims including regulatory discussions 
related to the Group's business, licenses and investments, the outcomes of which are subject to significant 
uncertainty. While acknowledging the uncertainties related to these matters, Telenor management is of the 
opinion that based on the information currently available, these matters will be resolved without any 
material adverse effect individually or in the aggregate on the Group's financial position. Please see Note 7 
(Legal) to the published consolidated interim condensed financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the 
nine months ended 30 September 2022. 
For matters in which the Group assesses it to be probable (more likely than not) that an economic outflow 
will be required to settle the obligation, provisions have been made based on Telenor management's best 
estimate. 
MANAGEMENT 
The Annual General Meeting of shareholders of the Telenor Group is held at least once every year. 
The Annual General Meeting approves the financial statements, annual report, the distribution of any 
dividends and any other business which under Norwegian law, the Articles of Association or according to 
proposals from shareholders and/or the Board of Directors, falls under the ambit of the Annual General 
Meeting. 
Pursuant to Norwegian law, the Telenor Group has a Corporate Assembly and a Board of Directors. 
The Corporate Assembly, which is a distinctly Norwegian body, is primarily a supervisory body which 
supervises the Board's management of company business. 
The Corporate Assembly also has decision-making powers in limited, but important areas. One important 
task for the Corporate Assembly is the election of members to the Board. The Corporate Assembly has a 
total of 15 members who are appointed for a period of two years. The shareholders elect ten of these 
members, with alternates, and five are selected from and by the employees. 
The Board of Directors approves the Telenor Group's strategy and financial ambitions. The Board of 
Directors also appoints the President and CEO of Telenor ASA. The Board of Directors aims to meet at

--- Page 118 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 112 - 
70-41031940 
 
least eight times a year and has eleven members of whom eight, including the Chairman and Deputy 
Chairman, are elected by the Corporate Assembly for a two-year period and three are elected by and from 
the employees of the Telenor Group in accordance with the Norwegian Public Joint Stock Companies Act. 
The Group Executive Management meets weekly and decides on corporate issues, including the preparation 
of items for the Board, the Corporate Assembly and the Annual General Meeting. 
Telenor's Board of Directors 
Name 
Position 
Gunn Wærsted 
Chair of the Board 
Jørgen Kildahl 
Board member 
Nina Bjørnstad 
Board member 
Jon Erik Reinhardsen 
Board member 
Pieter Knook 
Board member 
Astrid Joos 
Board member 
Elisabetta Ripa 
Board member 
Jan Otto Eriksen(*) 
Board member 
Irene Vold(*) 
Board member 
Roger Rønning(*) 
Board member 
 _______________  
(*) Elected by the employees. 
Gunn Wærsted was appointed chair to the board on 14 January 2016. She most recently served as Executive 
Vice President and member of the Group Executive Management in Nordea Bank and Country Senior 
Executive in Nordea Bank Norway (until 2016). During her career, she held a number of senior executive 
positions within banking and insurance, among these are positions as CEO of SpareBank 1 Gruppen and 
the SpareBank 1 Alliansen, Group Executive Vice President of DNB and CEO of Vital Forsikring. Gunn 
Wærsted is Chair of the Board of Petoro and has previously been a board member of Statoil, Statkraft and 
Ferd Holding. 
Jørgen Kildahl was elected to the board on 10 May 2017. He is currently serving on the Board of Directors 
of Höegh LNG and eSmart Systems. Mr Kildahl has previously served as a member of the Board of 
Management of E.ON SE, and as an Executive Vice President of Statkraft. He has also been a partner in 
the PR consulting group Geelmuyden Kiese. Mr Kildahl holds a business degree (siviløkonom) and a MBA 
in Finance from the NHH Norwegian School of Economics in Bergen. 
Nina Bjørnstad was elected to the board on 11 May 2022. She is currently Managing Partner in a 
Technology Focused, Private Capital Investment Fund, based in Europe. She has over 20 years of 
experience working for pioneers in technology. This includes significant experience from digital 
transformation and technology development. Bjørnstad was employed by Google in 2014 as Country 
Manager for Google Cloud for UK&I where she led Digital Transformation in companies of all sizes. She 
went on to be part of the founding team, setting up Google Cloud Consulting for Northern Europe. She has 
previously worked at Microsoft for 10 years across a variety of roles, from Finance to Corporate Strategy, 
M&A, Marketing and General Management. Her career started in the US with Dell and Amazon, building 
web-based businesses, architecting for rapid technical expansion and providing disruptive market entry. 
Jon Erik Reinhardsen was elected to the board on 14 May 2014. Mr Reinhardsen is President and CEO of 
Petroleum Geo-Services (PGS), a position he held since April 2008. He held executive positions in Alcoa, 
Aker Kvaerner and Aker Maritime and is a member of the Board of Directors in Cameron International 
Corp, Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. and Awilhelmsen Management AS. He has until recently served on the 
Board of Directors of Hoegh Autoliners Holdings AS. Mr Reinhardsen has also been a board member of 
the Norwegian government initiated OG21 and INTSOK and a member of the visiting committee of

--- Page 119 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 113 - 
70-41031940 
 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology's (MIT) Ocean Engineering Department. Mr Reinhardsen obtained 
a Master's degree in Applied Mathematics and Geophysics from the University of Bergen, Norway. In 1991 
he completed the International Executive Program at the Institute for Management Development (IMD) 
Lausanne, Switzerland. 
Jan Otto Eriksen joined Telenor in 2002 as a project manager in Canal Digital AS. From 2002 to 2013 Mr 
Eriksen managed several development projects for new TV decoders, backend systems as well as the first 
projects that established and developed the video-on-demand and streaming services of the company. In 
2013 Mr Eriksen was elected main employee representative for the Tekna union in Telenor, a role he has 
held ever since. Prior to Telenor, Mr Eriksen worked as software developer and project manager within 
consultancy as well as in industrial companies from 1981 to 2002. Mr Eriksen has served several periods 
as employee representative in the board of directors of the Telenor companies Zonavi AS and Canal Digital 
AS. Mr Eriksen has also served a period in the Telenor Corporate Assembly. Mr Eriksen was deputy 
member to the employee representatives to the Telenor ASA Board of Directors between 2017 and 2019. 
Mr Eriksen holds a Master's degree in Technical Cybernetics from the Norwegian University of Science 
and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim, Norway, and a Bachelor's degree in electronics from Oslo College 
of Engineering. 
Astrid Simonsen Joos was elected to the board on 11 May 2020. She has significant experience within 
digital, sales/marketing, business development and people management from her 20 years' within the 
software Industry and digital business development. Simonsen Joos currently serves as Global Chief Digital 
Officer and Head of Transformation of Signify (formerly known as Philips Lighting) since 2019, after 
serving five years as CEO of Signify in the Nordics. She has held numerous management positions at 
Microsoft and also served as CEO for Creuna Denmark, a digital agency. Simonsen Joos is also a member 
of the Board of Directors of Nordea Invest (Copenhagen, Denmark). Simonsen Joos holds a M.Sc in 
Business and Economics from BI Norwegian Business School, and Master of Management Program 
focusing on eMarketing from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Elisabetta Ripa was elected to the board on 27 May 2021. She has extensive international business 
experience as a telecom executive, having worked across different business segments and functions, 
including finance, strategy, M&A and operations. She currently serves as CEO of Open Fiber, leading 
FTTH operator in Italy. Her previous roles include CEO of Telecom Argentina in 2015 and CEO of Sparkle 
Group in 2013. Elisabetta Ripa was with Telecom Italia for a number of years in various roles, including 
Head of Consumer Mobile Business (TIM), Group Investor Relations Officer and International Business 
Development Executive Director. 
Pieter Cornelis Knook was elected to the board on 11 May 2020. He has extensive international business 
experience in sales, marketing and product development from multinational technology companies, 
including several management positions in Microsoft from 1990 to 2008. Mr Knook served as President 
for Microsoft Asia from 1997 to 2001. Mr Knook was Internet Services Director with Vodafone from 2008 
to 2010 and was Visiting Professor of Innovation at the University of Cambridge. Mr Knook is currently 
an Industrial Advisor at HIG Europe. Mr Knook is a member of the Board of Directors of Alpha 10X (Paris, 
France), Chair of the Board of Directors of LINX – The London Internet Exchange (London, UK), Chair 
of the Board of Directors of Altitute Angel (Reading, UK), Member of the Board of Directors of Bio-Key 
(New Jersey, USA) and Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors of Pulsant (Maidenhead, UK). Previous 
directorships include Member of the Board of Directors of TDC from 2013 – May 2018. Mr Knook holds 
a MA in Electrical Sciences from the University of Cambridge. 
Irene Vold was elected to the board on 27 May 2021. She joined Televerket in 1985 as a case officer in 
data communication where she was responsible for deliveries to large Norwegian business customers. From 
1987 she worked as a team leader in Sales for approximately four years. She has worked as a Service 
Manager and for approximately 20 years she has worked as a Key Account Manager for some of Telenor's 
large Norwegian business customers. Irene has served several periods as an employee representative within 
the Business Division in Telenor Norway. 
Roger Rønning was elected to the board 27 May 2021. He joined Televerket/Telenor in 1985. From 1985 
to 2007 Rønning worked with various customer-related tasks such as sales, marketing, finance, complaints 
and incorrect receipt. In 2007, Rønning was elected employee representative in Telenor Norge AS for the 
union Negotia and has since worked as a full-time union representative. He held the position as employee 
representative in Telenor Norge AS until 2016, when he was elected head of the union Negotia in Telenor. 
He holds this position today. For several periods, Rønning has been a board member in Telenor Norge AS

--- Page 120 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 114 - 
70-41031940 
 
and in Telenor Pensjonskasse. He also has served for several periods in the Corporate Assembly. From 
2017 to 2019, Rønning was a member of Telenor ASA as employee representative. He is currently head of 
the election committee in the union Negotia. 
Group Executive Management 
The Group Executive Management (GEM) is an advisory body to the CEO and consists of the Heads of the 
Global Units and support functions, and the Heads of Nordics, Asia and the home market of Norway. 
Sigve Brekke 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Tone Hegland Bachke 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Ruza Sabanovic 
Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
Dan Ouchterlony 
Executive Vice President and Head of Telenor Amp 
Rita Skjærvik 
Executive Vice President and Chief People, Sustainability and 
External Relations Officer 
Petter-Børre Furberg 
Executive Vice President and Head of Telenor Nordics 
Jørgen C. Arentz Rostrup 
Executive Vice President and Head of Telenor Asia 
Jannicke Hilland 
Executive Vice President and Head of Telenor Infrastructure 
 
The business address for Group Executive Management and members of the Board of Directors is c/o 
Telenor ASA, Snarøyveien 30, N-1331 Fornebu, Norway. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to Telenor ASA by the persons listed 
above and the other duties or private interests of those persons. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2021, the Telenor Group had a total of approximately 16,000 employees in its fully 
consolidated operations. 
Independent Auditor 
The independent auditor of the Telenor Group is Ernst & Young AS, state authorised public accountants 
("statsautoriserte revisorer"). Ernst & Young AS is a member of Den Norske Revisorforening (The 
Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants).

--- Page 121 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 115 - 
70-41031940 
 
TAXATION 
Norwegian Taxation 
Below is a summary of certain Norwegian tax matters related to the purchase, holding and disposal of the 
Notes, and applies only to Notes that are classified as debt for Norwegian tax purposes. The summary is 
based on Norwegian Laws, rules and regulations applicable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and is 
subject to any changes in law occurring after such date. Such changes could possibly be made on a 
retroactive basis. The summary does not address foreign tax laws. 
The summary is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the 
Norwegian tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to acquire, own or dispose of Notes. 
Specific tax consequences may occur for different categories of Noteholders, e.g. if the Noteholder ceases 
to be tax resident in Norway or has a connection to the Issuer other than the holding of Notes. 
The summary relates to holders of Notes who are resident in Norway for tax purposes ("Norwegian 
Noteholders"). However, companies incorporated and resident abroad and individuals resident abroad are 
liable to tax in Norway on distribution and gains from the Notes in the same manner as Norwegian resident 
companies/Norwegian resident individuals respectively, if the Notes are effectively connected with a 
business carried out in Norway. Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to persons or legal entities 
who have no connection with Norway other than the holding of Notes issued by the Issuer are, under present 
Norwegian tax legislation, not subject to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any Norwegian 
taxes, duties, assessments or Governmental charges. However, pursuant to new Norwegian tax legislation 
effective from 1 July 2021, withholding tax may apply on interest payments (including deemed interest 
payments) on the Notes to certain related parties. 
Due to the general nature of this summary, potential investors are advised to consult with and rely on their 
own tax advisers. 
Taxation of interest payments to the Norwegian Noteholder 
Norwegian Noteholders, both individuals and companies, are liable to tax in Norway on payments in respect 
of Coupons, interest or similar payments in respect of Notes. The tax rate is currently 22 per cent. The 
applicable tax rate for financial institutions subject to the Norwegian financial tax is 25 per cent. If the 
Notes are not listed on a regulated market within six months following issuance, Norwegian Noteholders 
who are individuals will be subject to additional Norwegian taxes on the interest received in respect of such 
Notes at a flat tax rate of currently 22 per cent. The basis for the additional tax is equal to the interest 
accrued on the Notes reduced by the tax rate of 22 per cent. and less a risk-free interest rate (in Norwegian: 
"skjermingsfradrag"), and multiplied with a factor of currently 1.6. The risk-free interest rate is determined 
by the Norwegian Directorate of Taxes based on the interest rate published by Norges Bank on a bi-monthly 
basis. 
Any interest received in currencies other than NOK on Notes by Norwegian Noteholders is converted to 
NOK when calculating the taxable interest income. 
Norwegian Noteholders holding Notes issued with a discount (compared to the nominal value of the Note) 
will be subject to tax in respect of such discount in the year of realisation of the Note. 
Taxation on sale and redemption of Notes 
Norwegian Noteholders, both individuals and companies, are taxable in Norway in respect of capital gains 
on the sale and redemption of Notes and have a corresponding right to deduct losses that arise from such 
redemption or realisation. The tax liability applies irrespective of how long the Notes have been owned and 
the number of Notes that have been redeemed or realised. 
Gain or loss is calculated per Note as the consideration received in respect of the Note less the tax basis of 
the Note. The tax basis of each Note is equal to the Norwegian Noteholder's purchase price for the Note, 
including costs incurred in relation to the acquisition or realisation of the Note. Gains are taxable as ordinary 
income in the year of sale or redemption, and losses can be deducted from ordinary income in the year of 
sale or redemption. The tax rate for ordinary income is currently 22 per cent. (25 per cent. for financial 
institutions).

--- Page 122 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 116 - 
70-41031940 
 
If the Norwegian Noteholder holds Notes acquired at different points in time, the Notes that were acquired 
first will be regarded as the first to be disposed of, on a first-in, first-out basis (the FIFO principle). 
Norwegian withholding tax on interest 
From 1 July 2021 Norwegian withholding tax on, inter alia, outbound interest payments may apply. 
From this date, pursuant to section 10-80 of the Norwegian Tax Act, a Norwegian debtor which is not an 
individual (such as the Issuer) will be liable to withhold 15 per cent. tax on gross interest payments to any 
creditor (such as a Noteholder) which is not an individual and is both (i) a related party to the issuer; and 
(ii) is tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction. 
A "related party" is a company or other entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control 
with, the issuer. "Control" means the direct or indirect ownership of 50 per cent. or more of the issued 
share capital or voting rights. Further, a "low-tax jurisdiction" is a jurisdiction in which the effective 
taxation of the overall profit of the company is less than two thirds of the effective taxation such company 
would have been subject to if it had been resident in Norway. In addition, certain jurisdictions are deemed 
as low tax jurisdictions by Norwegian tax authorities without further assessment (the "Black List"). 
The withholding tax liability does not apply to recipients which are either (i) genuinely established and 
operating real business activities in an EEA Member State or (ii) already liable to pay Norwegian tax on 
interest income pursuant section 2-3 (1) b of the Norwegian Tax Act or section 1 cf. section 2 of the 
Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act. 
Withholding tax can apply on accrued interest payments from 1 July 2021. A recipient, being the beneficial 
owner to the payments, may however be protected by a tax treaty - typically reducing the tax rate on interest 
payments. 
Certain documentation requirements may apply in order for interest payments to be exempt from 
withholding tax or subject to a reduced withholding tax rate in accordance with applicable law or an 
applicable tax treaty. 
Net wealth tax 
Norwegian Noteholders that are limited liability companies and similar entities are not subject to 
Norwegian net wealth tax. 
Norwegian Noteholders that are individuals are subject to Norwegian net wealth tax. The value of the Notes 
is included in the basis for computation of net wealth tax imposed on individual Norwegian Noteholders. 
The value for assessment purposes for listed Notes is equal to the quoted value as of 1 January in the year 
of assessment (i.e. the year following the relevant fiscal year). The value for assessment purposes for 
unlisted Notes is equal to the presumed market value of the Notes as of 1 January in the year of assessment. 
As at 1 January 2022, the marginal net wealth tax rate is 1.1 per cent. of the value assessed. 
VAT and transfer taxes 
There are no VAT, stamp duties or other charges in Norway on the purchase, issuance, redemption or 
realisation of the Notes. 
Inheritance tax 
A transfer of the Notes through inheritance or as a gift does not give rise to inheritance or gift tax in Norway. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, 
local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 123 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 117 - 
70-41031940 
 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption 
or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 
as amended (the "Relibi Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who 
is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. In addition, pursuant 
to the Relibi Law, Luxembourg tax resident individuals who are the beneficial owners of savings 
income paid or ascribed by paying agents located in a Member State of the European Union other 
than Luxembourg or a Member State of the European Economic Area can opt to self-declare and 
pay a 20 per cent. tax on such savings income. Such 20 per cent. withholding tax or 20 per cent. 
tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the 
course of the management of his/her private wealth. When the paying agent is established in 
Luxembourg, the responsibility for the withholding of the tax is assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent. When the paying agent is not established in Luxembourg, the responsibility for the 
declaration and payment of the tax is assumed by the individual resident beneficial owner. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer may 
be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of 
the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.

--- Page 124 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 118 - 
70-41031940 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement 
dated 10 November 2022 (as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Programme Agreement"), among the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the 
right to issue Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers and who agree to 
be bound by the restrictions below. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related 
thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the 
Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for 
Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection 
with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with 
the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe for Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the 
Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, 
sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche: (i) as part of their distribution at any time; or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such Offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); or

--- Page 125 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 119 - 
70-41031940 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms thereto (or Pricing Supplement) in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
The Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that Notes that have a maturity of less than 12 months 
and qualify as money market instruments (and that therefore fall outside the scope of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation) may not be distributed in Belgium by way of a public offering, as defined for the purposes of 
the law of 16 June 2006 on public offerings of investment instruments and the admission of investment

--- Page 126 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 120 - 
70-41031940 
 
instruments to trading on regulated markets, or, when applicable, a public offering (within the meaning of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) in accordance with the law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investments 
instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated markets. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes to Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute 
or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian Consumers. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" 
has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek 
van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any 
natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, 
business or profession. 
The Kingdom of Norway 
The Notes shall be registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository or in another central 
securities depository which is properly authorised and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority 
of Norway as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, unless: (i) the 
Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents 
only; or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base 
Prospectus has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents 
of Norway, other than: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for 
a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor; or 
(b) 
to "qualified investors" as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; or 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "qualified investors" as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for 
any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for 
the registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant 
to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will only be sold in Norway to investors who have 
sufficient knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer

--- Page 127 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 121 - 
70-41031940 
 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all relevant laws and regulations in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 128 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 122 - 
70-41031940 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Kingdom of 
Norway in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme and the issue and 
performance of the Notes. The issue of Notes under the Programme was last authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors passed on 26 April 2016. 
2. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
or of the Telenor Group since 30 September 2022 and, except as disclosed in the published 
unaudited consolidated interim condensed financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the nine 
months ended 30 September 2022, no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects 
of the Issuer or of the Telenor Group since 31 December 2021. 
3. 
Except as disclosed in Note 34 (Legal disputes and contingencies) to the published consolidated 
annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021, neither the Issuer 
nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) that may have, or have had during the 12 months preceding the date of the document, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Telenor Group or of the Issuer nor 
is the Issuer aware that any such proceedings are pending or threatened. 
4. 
Each Bearer Note (other than temporary Global Notes), Coupon and Talon will, where TEFRA D 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, bear the 
following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 
165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
5. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of 
Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) and the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an additional 
or alternative clearing systems (including the VPS) the appropriate information will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the VPS are the entities in charge of keeping the records. The 
address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels; 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg; and the address of the VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
6. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300IM1QSBY4SLPM26. 
7. 
The website of the Issuer is: https://www.telenor.com/investors/debt-financing/emtn-programme/. 
The information on such website does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that 
information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
8. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations where applicable) will be 
available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), 
for inspection at the offices of the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent and at the office of the 
Paying Agent in Luxembourg and (in respect of those documents listed in (a) to (h) (inclusive)), 
for collection at the office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg: 
(a) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, 
the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons) as amended or supplemented from time to 
time; 
(b) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the consolidated published annual report of the Issuer for the last two years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021;

--- Page 129 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 123 - 
70-41031940 
 
(d) 
consolidated interim condensed financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the nine 
months ended 30 September 2022; 
(e) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other 
stock exchange; 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any further Base Prospectus or Supplement 
to this Base Prospectus; 
(g) 
copies of the Previous Terms and Conditions; and 
(h) 
any reports (other than audit reports), letters, statement and valuations prepared at the 
Issuer's request and included in this Base Prospectus (if any). 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated 
by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website at www.bourse.lu and the 
Issuer's website: https://www.telenor.com/investors/debt-financing/emtn-programme/. 
The Articles of Association of the Issuer are available at the Issuer's website at: 
https://www.telenor.com/about-us/corporate-governance/articles-of-association/. 
The Trust Deed referred to in item (a) is available at the Issuer's website at: 
https://www.telenor.com/investors/debt-financing/emtn-programme/. 
9. 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, the relevant second party opinion provided by 
Sustainalytics and any other document related thereto are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and will be available on Telenor's website 
at https://www.telenor.com. 
10. 
The independent auditor of the Issuer is Ernst & Young AS state authorised public accountants 
(statsautoriserte revisorer), who have audited the Issuer's accounts, without qualification in 
accordance with the laws, regulations, auditing standards and generally accepted auditing practice 
in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing, for the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021. Ernst & Young AS are members of the Norwegian 
Institute of Public Accountants. 
11. 
Any certificate or report of the auditor or any person called for by or provided to the Trustee in 
accordance with or for the purposes of these presents may be relied upon by the Trustee as 
sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein whether or not such certificate or report and/or any 
engagement letter or other document entered into by the Trustee in connection therewith contains 
a monetary or other limit on the liability of the auditor or such other person in respect thereof.

--- Page 130 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 124 - 
70-41031940 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€STR .............................................................. 30 
30/360 ............................................................. 73 
30E/360 .......................................................... 74 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................................. 74 
360/360 ........................................................... 73 
Actual/360 ...................................................... 73 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ......................................... 73 
Actual/365 (Sterling) ...................................... 73 
Actual/Actual.................................................. 73 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).................................... 74 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ..................................... 73 
Additional Business Centre(s) ........................ 73 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ....................... 89 
Adjustment Spread ......................................... 78 
Agency Agreement ......................................... 58 
Agent .............................................................. 58 
Agents............................................................. 58 
Alternative Reference Rate ............................. 79 
Amortisation Yield ......................................... 80 
Amortised Face Amount................................. 80 
Ant Financial ................................................ 110 
ARPU ............................................................. 12 
Assurance Report ........................................... 68 
Base Prospectus ........................................ 34, 47 
Base Year ....................................................... 69 
Bearer Notes ........................................... 1, 3, 61 
Belgian Consumer ........................................ 120 
Benchmark Event ........................................... 77 
Black List ............................................... 26, 116 
Bond Basis ...................................................... 73 
Broken Amount .............................................. 63 
business day .............................................. 62, 89 
Business Day .................................................. 72 
Business Day Convention............................... 59 
Calculation Agent(s) ....................................... 58 
Calculation Amount ....................................... 59 
Calculation Period .......................................... 73 
Carbon Intensity ............................................. 69 
CAT .............................................................. 107 
Certificate ......................................................... 2 
Certificates ..................................................... 61 
Change of Control .......................................... 84 
Change of Control Period ............................... 84 
Change of Control Put .................................... 84 
Clean-up Call .................................................. 83 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ................................ 2 
COBS ....................................................... 33, 46 
Code ........................................................... 7, 87 
Common Depositary ....................................... 99 
Common Safekeeper ...................................... 99 
Conditions .......................................... 34, 47, 59 
Control .................................................... 26, 116 
Couponholders................................................ 58 
Coupons .......................................................... 58 
Covid-19 ......................................................... 12 
CRA Regulation ............................................... 2 
CSSF ................................................................. 1 
DA Selected Bond........................................... 81 
Day Count Fraction ......................................... 73 
Dealers .............................................................. 2 
Definitive Notes ............................................ 101 
Designated Maturity ........................................ 66 
Determination Agent ....................................... 82 
Determination Cut-off Date ............................ 77 
Determination Date ......................................... 74 
Determination Period ...................................... 74 
Digi ............................................................... 106 
Digi Telecommunications ............................. 108 
distributor .............................................. 2, 33, 46 
DNA .............................................................. 105 
DNB .............................................................. 108 
DSLs ............................................................. 106 
dtac ................................................................ 106 
Early Redemption Amount ............................. 60 
ECA .............................................................. 106 
EEA ............................................... 2, 33, 46, 106 
EECC ................................................................ 9 
Eligible Projects .............................................. 23 
e-Privacy Regulation ......................................... 9 
ESMA ............................................................... 3 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ........................ 3, 29 
EU CRA Regulation ....................................... 43 
EU Insurance Distribution Directive ....... 33, 119 
EU MiFID II ..................................... 33, 46, 118 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules ............. 2 
EU PRIIPs Regulation .................................... 33 
EU Prospectus Regulation ................................ 1 
EURIBOR ................................................. 29, 75 
euro ................................................................. 59 
Eurobond Basis ............................................... 74 
Euroclear ........................................................... 2 
Eurosystem...................................................... 26 
Eurozone ......................................................... 75 
EUWA .............................................. 33, 46, 119 
Events of Default ............................................ 90 
e-waste ............................................................ 20 
Exchange Date .............................................. 101 
Exchange Event ............................................ 100 
Exempt Note ................................................... 59 
Exempt Notes .................................................... 1 
Exercise Notice ............................................... 83 
External Verifier ............................................. 70 
FATCA ........................................................... 88 
FIEA ............................................................. 120 
Final Redemption Amount .............................. 60 
Final Terms ....................................................... 1 
Financial Indebtedness .................................... 92 
Fixed Coupon Amount .................................... 63 
Fixed Interest Period ....................................... 63 
Fixed Rate Note .............................................. 61 
Floating Rate Convention ............................... 59 
Floating Rate Note .......................................... 61

--- Page 131 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 125 - 
70-41031940 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions ........................ 77 
Following Business Day Convention ............. 59 
foreign financial institution .......................... 117 
FSMA ................................................... 2, 33, 46 
FTTH ............................................................ 106 
FWA ............................................................. 106 
GDPR ............................................................... 9 
GHG Protocol Standard .................................. 70 
Global Certificates ............................................ 3 
Global Notes ................................................... 28 
Green Bonds ..................................................... 7 
Gross Redemption Yield ................................ 82 
Group ........................................................ 70, 92 
Group Asian Operations ................................. 70 
Group Nordic Operations ............................... 70 
HFC .............................................................. 106 
holder ........................................................ 61, 62 
ICSD Business Day ...................................... 102 
IGAs ............................................................. 117 
Independent Adviser ....................................... 79 
Insurance Distribution Directive ...................... 2 
interest ............................................................ 90 
Interest Amount .............................................. 75 
Interest Commencement Date ........................ 75 
Interest Determination Date ........................... 75 
Interest Payment Date .................................... 75 
Interest Period................................................. 75 
Investment Grade Rating ................................ 84 
IoT ................................................................ 107 
IPTV ............................................................. 106 
ISDN............................................................. 106 
Issue Date ....................................................... 58 
Issuer .......................................................... 1, 58 
Issuing and Paying Agent ............................... 58 
Key Performance Indicator ............................. 70 
KPI ................................................................. 70 
ktCO2e ............................................................ 70 
LDI ............................................................... 109 
Limited Recourse Indebtedness ...................... 92 
Linear Interpolation ........................................ 64 
listed ................................................................. 1 
low-tax jurisdiction ................................. 26, 116 
LTE ................................................................. 19 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount ................ 82 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin .................. 82 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate ...................... 82 
Make-Whole Reference Date ......................... 82 
Margin ............................................................ 75 
Maturity Date ................................................. 60 
Maximum Rate of Interest .............................. 75 
MiFID II ........................................................... 1 
Minimum Rate of Interest .............................. 75 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 .................................................................... 59 
Moody's .......................................................... 85 
Negative Rating Event .................................... 84 
NFSA ................................................................ 1 
NGN ............................................................... 99 
NIBOR ........................................................... 76 
No Adjustment ............................................... 60 
Norwegian Noteholders ................................ 115 
Noteholder ................................................ 61, 62 
Notes ................................................................. 1 
Optional Redemption Amount ........................ 81 
Optional Redemption Date.............................. 82 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ..................... 85 
Original Issuer ................................................. 58 
Oslo Børs .......................................................... 1 
Par Call Commencement Date ........................ 82 
Paying Agents ................................................. 58 
Permanent Dealers ............................................ 2 
permanent Global Note ..................................... 1 
Permitted Security ........................................... 63 
Person ............................................................. 63 
Preceding Business Day Convention .............. 59 
Previous Terms and Conditions ...................... 32 
Pricing Supplement ........................................... 1 
PRIIPs Regulation ....................................... 2, 46 
principal .......................................................... 90 
Proceedings ..................................................... 96 
Programme ........................................................ 1 
Programme Agreement ................................. 118 
Prospectus Directive ....................................... 59 
PSTN ............................................................. 106 
Put Event ......................................................... 84 
Put Event Notice ............................................. 85 
Put Option Notice ........................................... 85 
Put Option Receipt .......................................... 86 
Put Period ........................................................ 85 
Quotation Time ............................................... 82 
Rate of Interest .......................................... 61, 76 
Rating Agency ................................................ 85 
Rating Downgrade .......................................... 85 
Recalculation Event ........................................ 70 
Record Date .................................................... 87 
Redemption ..................................................... 70 
Redemption Amount ....................................... 60 
Redemption Date ............................................ 60 
Redemption/Payment Basis ............................ 61 
Reference Banks ............................................. 76 
Reference Bond ............................................... 82 
Reference Bond Price ..................................... 82 
Reference Market Maker Quotations .............. 82 
Reference Market Makers ............................... 83 
Reference Rate ................................................ 76 
Register ........................................................... 61 
Registered Notes ..................................... 1, 3, 61 
Registrar .......................................................... 58 
related party .................................................. 116 
Related Property.............................................. 92 
Relevant Date .................................................. 90 
Relevant Debt ................................................. 63 
relevant Final Terms ....................................... 59 
Relevant Nominating Body ............................. 79 
Relevant Person .............................................. 84 
Relevant 
Potential 
Change 
of 
Control 
Announcement ............................................ 85 
relevant Pricing Supplement ........................... 59 
Relevant Property............................................ 92 
Relevant Screen Page ...................................... 76

--- Page 132 ---
10231334532-v37 
- 126 - 
70-41031940 
 
Relibi Law .................................................... 117 
Remaining Term ............................................. 83 
resident of Japan ........................................... 120 
retail investor ......................... 2, 33, 46, 118, 119 
S&P ................................................................ 85 
SBTi ............................................................... 70 
Scope 1 ........................................................... 70 
Scope 2 ........................................................... 70 
Scope 3 ........................................................... 70 
Screen Rate Determination ............................. 64 
SDGs ............................................................ 111 
Second Party Opinion ....................................... 1 
Securities Act ................................................... 3 
Security........................................................... 63 
Series .......................................................... 3, 59 
SET ............................................................... 107 
SFA ...............................................3, 33, 46, 121 
shares ............................................................ 105 
SLBP ............................................................ 111 
SLLP ............................................................ 111 
Specified Currency ................................... 29, 76 
Specified Denomination ................................. 60 
Specified Interest Payment Date..................... 76 
Specified Period ............................................. 60 
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate.......... 68 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount ... 83 
STIBOR .......................................................... 76 
Subsidiary ....................................................... 92 
Successor Rate ................................................ 79 
Supplier Percentage ........................................ 70 
Sustainability Performance Report ................. 68 
Sustainability Performance Target ................. 71 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 71, 
111 
Sustainability-Linked Notes ........................... 67 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount ........ 70 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date
 .................................................................... 70 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin ........... 71 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event ............... 71 
Talons ............................................................. 58 
Target Observation Date ................................. 71 
TARGET2 Business Day ................................ 72 
TARGET2 System .......................................... 76 
TEFRA .............................................................. 7 
TEFRA C .......................................................... 7 
Telenor ...................................................... 1, 105 
Telenor Denmark .......................................... 105 
Telenor Group ............................................... 105 
Telenor Norway ............................................ 105 
Telenor Pakistan............................................ 106 
Telenor Sweden ............................................ 105 
temporary Global Note ..................................... 1 
TERFA D .......................................................... 7 
TOT ............................................................... 107 
Tranche ....................................................... 3, 59 
Transfer Agents ............................................... 58 
Trust Deed....................................................... 58 
Trustee ............................................................ 58 
UK ......................................................... 2, 33, 46 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ........................... 29 
UK CRA Regulation ............................. 2, 43, 44 
UK MiFIR ................................................. 33, 46 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules . 2, 33, 46 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .......................... 3, 33, 46 
UK Prospectus Regulation ................................ 3 
unit .................................................................. 72 
VoIP .............................................................. 106 
VPS ......................................................... 1, 3, 58 
VPS Account Manager ................................... 58 
VPS Letter..................................................... 104 
VPS Notes ............................................... 1, 3, 58 
Zero Coupon Note........................................... 61

--- Page 133 ---
10231334532-v37 
 
70-41031940 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Telenor ASA 
Snarøyveien 30 
1331 Fornebu 
Norway 
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 Danske Bank A/S 
Holmens Kanal 2-12 
DK 1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
00020 NORDEA 
Finland 
 Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Str. 52-58, 
60311 Frankfurt  
Germany 
 
 Standard Chartered Bank 
One Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 134 ---
10231334532-v37 
 
70-41031940 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
in respect of Norwegian law 
Advokatfirmaet DLA Piper Norway DA 
Bryggegata 6 
0250 Oslo 
Norway 
in respect of English law 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
3 More London Riverside 
London SE1 2AQ 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers 
in respect of English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
Ernst & Young AS 
Statsautoriserte revisorer 
Oslo Atrium 
P.O. Box 20 
N-0051 Oslo 
Norway 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 Route d'Esch 
Luxembourg, L-2953 
VPS ACCOUNT MANAGER 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
P.O. Box 1600 Sentrum 
0021 Oslo

--- Page 135 ---
10231334532-v37 
 
70-41031940 
 
Norway 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 Route d'Esch 
Luxembourg, L-2953