--- Page 1 ---
1
Prospectus dated 11 November 2021
TELE2 AB (publ)
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden)
€5,000,000,000
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme
guaranteed by
TELE2 SVERIGE AB
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden)
Under the €5,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Prospectus (the “Programme”), Tele2 AB (publ) (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Notes guaranteed by Tele2 Sverige AB (the “Guarantee” and the 
“Guarantor”, respectively) (the “Notes”). The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under 
the Notes and the Coupons relating to them as further described in “Terms and Conditions – Guarantee and Status”. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at 
any time exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. By 
approving this Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the 
provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for securities. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. References in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have 
been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments. However, unlisted 
Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange).
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be 
represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note”). If 
the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate 
is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”).
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form”.
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the relevant rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus.
This Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from its date of publication (ie. until 11 November 2022). The obligation to 
supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid.
Arranger
SEB
Dealers
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo
Citigroup
Commerzbank
Crédit Agricole CIB
Danske Bank
DNB Bank ASA 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets
ING
Nordea
Swedbank
SEB

--- Page 2 ---
2
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and for the purpose of giving necessary information with regard to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which, 
according to the particular nature and circumstances of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the type of Notes, is 
material to investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the rights attaching to the Notes, and the reasons for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To 
the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (having taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case) the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area and the United Kingdom which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, a “Relevant 
State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that 
Relevant State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making 
or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated 
in this Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer (as 
defined in “General Description of the Programme”) to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer. This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same.
In the case of any Notes which are (i) to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”) or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) offered to the public in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”) in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”), the minimum 
specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of the Notes).
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on 
distribution of this Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 3 ---
3
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (“STIBOR”) or the Norwegian Interbank 
Offered Rate (“NIBOR”) which are provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), the 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility and the Norske Finansielle ReferanserAS (NoRe) respectively. As 
at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”). 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate 
(LIBOR), which is provided by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”). As at the date of 
this Prospectus, ICE appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”).
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply such that the 
above benchmark providers are not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for 
the contents of this Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of the 
Notes. Each Arranger and Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or 
contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this 
Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Prospectus nor any other financial statements are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of 
Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or 
the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS - Each potential investor in 
any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.

--- Page 4 ---
4
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless 
it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENTS – The 
investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes and any 
drawdown prospectus may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes and any 
drawdown prospectus may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes

--- Page 5 ---
5
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
The selected financial data set forth in this Base Prospectus includes, in addition to the conventional 
financial performance measures established by the International Accounting Standards Board ( “IFRS”), 
certain alternative performance measures (such as Underlying EBIDTA and Underlying EBITDA 
margin) that are presented for the purpose of providing further information as to the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. Such measures should, however, not be considered as a 
substitute for those required by IFRS.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme –
Method of Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation
Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “U.S. 
dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” are to United States dollars, to “Sterling” and “£” are to pounds sterling, the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom (the “UK”), to “euro” and “€” are to the currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended, to “Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” are to the currency 
of the Kingdom of Sweden and to “Norwegian Kroner” are to the currency of the Kingdom of Norway.
This Prospectus will expire 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA or in the UK other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to 
supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 6 ---
6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
RISK FACTORS.......................................................................................................................................... 7
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 23
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................................. 26
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME................................................................................ 27
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 32
USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................................. 57
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM..................... 58
INFORMATION ON TELE2 AB (PUBL) .................................................................................................. 64
INFORMATION ON TELE2 SVERIGE AB .............................................................................................. 77
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 78
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.................................................................................................................... 80
THE DEED OF GUARANTEE.................................................................................................................. 85
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 89
GENERAL INFORMATION.................................................................................................................... 101

--- Page 7 ---
7
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations 
under or in connection with the Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the 
likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of the 
Issuer, taking into account the negative impact on the Issuer and the Bonds is presented first. The probability 
of their occurrence is presented by using a scale of low, medium and high.
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer or the Guarantor may be unable to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts under or in connection with any Notes for other reasons. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors which are material to the Issuer
1
Risks related to strategy and market
Acquisitions, divestments, strategic alliances and business combinations
The Issuer is constantly reviewing the Issuer’s asset portfolio. In recent years, the Issuer has made a number of 
targeted acquisitions and divestments that complement the Group’s strategy. The Group may also continue to 
expand and grow the Issuer’s business through business combinations, strategic alliances, etc.
Successful implementation of strategic initiatives by the Issuer is, inter alia, dependent on the Issuer’s ability 
to foresee the development of and meet customer needs in the markets where the Issuer operates, as well as 
transform the organisation and its processes (as needed). Should the Issuer be unable to execute the Issuer’s 
business strategy such as execution of the Fixed Mobile Convergence (FMC) strategy and rollout of 5G 
technology in the mobile network, it could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and result of operations.
2
Risks related to the Group’s operations
Structural subordination and the Guarantee
Most of the Issuer’s operations are conducted through the Issuer’s subsidiaries and to a large extent the Issuer 
depends on the earnings, cash flows, dividends and distributions of these subsidiaries to meet the Issuer’s debt 
obligations, including the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. In addition, the Issuer’s subsidiaries’ assets 
constitute a significant part of the Issuer’s operating assets. 
The Group’s subsidiaries occasionally incur financial obligations. In addition, in the future, the Group may 
finance investments by incurring debt in an appropriate subsidiary. 
With the exception of the obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee, the Issuer’s subsidiaries have 
no obligation in respect of any amounts due under the Notes and neither the Issuer nor the Noteholders will 
have any direct or indirect claim against any of the Issuer’s subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) other than 
by virtue of the Issuer’s shareholding in any such subsidiary. In the event of an insolvency or liquidation of 
such a subsidiary, creditors of any such subsidiary will have a claim to the assets of that subsidiary that ranks 
ahead of the Issuer’s interest in those assets. 
Further, if a Swedish limited liability company such as the Guarantor guarantees its parent company’s 
obligations without deriving sufficient corporate benefit therefrom, the granting of the guarantee may only be

--- Page 8 ---
8
valid up to the amount the company could have distributed as dividend to its shareholders at the time the 
guarantee was provided. If no corporate benefit is derived from the provided guarantee, such guarantee may be 
limited in validity as aforesaid. Consequently, there is a risk that the Guarantee will be limited in accordance 
with the aforesaid which could have an adverse effect on the Noteholder’s security position.
3
Legal risks related to the Issuer and the Issuer’s business
Regulatory risk 
The Group is involved in legal proceedings that may disrupt the Issuer’s operations and the Issuer’s
reporting of financial results
The Group and the Issuer’s affiliated companies are involved in a number of litigation and arbitration 
proceedings under industry-specific and general laws and regulations, including with customers, competitors 
and regulatory authorities.
The Group has made determinations regarding accounting provisions for these proceedings based on the advice 
of the Group’s legal department. However, actual decisions of courts and arbitration tribunals may not match 
the Group’s expectations and could result in large damages awards and/or other remedies against the Group
that affect the Group’s interests. Any future governmental, legal or other similar proceedings can be costly, 
divert management attention and may result in reputational damage for the Group. Any unsuccessful litigation 
or arbitration proceedings (whether based on a judgment or a settlement agreement) or adverse publicity may 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations.
Impact of regulatory frameworks on the Issuer’s business 
The Group’s business is regulated in many different jurisdictions. The regulatory framework in which the Group 
operates may become more restrictive, increasing costs and burden in existing or new markets, and may 
materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to operate the Group’s business, for example, by resulting in 
a decreased level of flexibility in setting tariff structures for interconnection and roaming service. Access 
regulation, which ensures competition by giving access to incumbents’ copper and fiber networks in case of 
significant market power, may be relaxed with the review of the European Telecoms Regulatory Framework, 
as a result of which the competitive pressure on the Group’s business could increase. 
The potential regulation of cable services to multi-dwelling units, or conversely the deregulation of current open 
access to single dwelling units, in Sweden could have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s business. The continued 
focus of regulators on Net Neutrality could prevent the Issuer from entering into partnerships or developing 
new pricing models, such as the “zero-rating” of certain data services of the Issuer’s partners. Further changes 
in consumer protection legislation could affect the market on which the Issuer operates and the terms on which 
the Issuer can offer services bundled with hardware over fixed-term contract periods. 
If the Issuer is unable to effectively respond to regulatory changes, it could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s
business, financial condition and result of operations.
The Issuer is subject to resolutions and investigations by authorities and governmental bodies that may 
change their interpretation of current legislation
The telecommunications sector is a priority for various regulatory authorities. The Group’s operations are
dependent on such authorities’ interpretations of the current laws, treaties and regulations in the countries where 
the Group operates. Contractual conditions and fees in agreements that are included in the Issuer’s operations, 
are subject to general EU and Swedish competition law. The Swedish Competition Authority (Sw. 
Konkurrensverket) (the “SCA”), as well as the EC and/or other national competition authorities, have the power 
to initiate ex-post regulation procedures and to instruct the Issuer to cease applying contractual terms and fees 
that are found to be anti-competitive and also impose administrative fines on the Issuer. 
The wholesale and retail termination fees charged by the Issuer are subject to regulatory adjustment by the 
SCA, PTS or the EU and hence the Issuer may be restricted from imposing or enforcing certain pricing 
mechanisms, including volume-based discounts and exclusivity provisions. In the event that the contractual

--- Page 9 ---
9
conditions and associated fees for some television channels were reduced to a level that cannot be justified as 
being non-discriminatory, the Issuer may be exposed to claims from other television channel providers or the 
SCA for equal treatment or alleged abuse of the Issuer’s position on the market. If these contractual conditions 
and fee structures are successfully challenged, the Issuer could, under certain circumstances, be found liable for 
fines or damages.
PTS may also impose on operators of public electronic communications networks with significant market power 
(“SMP”) the obligation to grant access to network components and facilities, and to offer the re-sale of their 
electronic communications services on a wholesale basis. The Issuer has been found to have SMP in certain 
markets and we could in the future be found to have SMP in additional markets.
Furthermore, PTS may require an operator to provide access to wiring inside buildings where it is justified on 
the grounds that duplication of the infrastructure would be economically inefficient or physically impracticable. 
Additionally, a network operator shall upon written request of an undertaking providing or authorization to 
provide public communications networks, meet all reasonable requests for access to our physical infrastructure 
under fair and reasonable terms and conditions. Furthermore, every public communications network provider 
has the right to access any existing in-building physical infrastructure with a view to deploying a high-speed 
electronic communication network if duplication is technically impossible or economically inefficient.
If any of the above risks would materialise, this could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.
4
Risks related to financing, internal control, financial reporting and tax
Risks related to the Issuer´s past or current tax position being challenged or changed
The Issuer operates through a number of subsidiaries in several countries. The Group’s tax position rests on the 
Issuer’s interpretations of the current tax laws, treaties and regulations in the countries where the Group operates 
and the requirements of the relevant tax authorities. The Issuer and the Issuer’s subsidiaries are from time to 
time subject to tax reviews. There is a risk that tax audits or reviews may result in the reduction of tax loss carry 
forwards or the imposition of additional tax, in particular due to the Issuer’s acquisitions and sales of shares, 
financing, intra-group reorganisations, application of transfer pricing and the structure of the Group. 
Further, the Issuer was notified in April 2019 that the Swedish Tax Agency has rejected the Issuer’s claim for a 
deduction of an exchange loss related to a conversion of a shareholder loan to Tele2 Kazakhstan from USD to 
Kazakh Tenge in connection with the establishment of Tele2’s previous jointly owned company in Kazakhstan. 
After appealing the decision, the Administrative court has in December 2020 partly ruled in favour of the 
Swedish Tax Agency. The remaining additional tax claim amounts to SEK 241 million and a tax surcharge and 
interest of SEK 114 million. Tele2 will appeal the decision to the Administrative Court of appeal. Based on the 
ruling in the Administrative Court it is Tele2’s and its advisors opinion that, it is uncertain whether Tele2 
ultimately will succeed in the dispute. Consequently, a provision of SEK 355 million has been recognized in 
2020 under discontinued operations.
In the event that the Issuer’s interpretation of tax laws, treaties and regulations or their applicability is incorrect, 
or if one or more governmental authorities successfully make negative tax adjustments with regard to an entity 
of the Group, the Group’s past or current tax position may be challenged. In the event tax authorities were to 
succeed with such claims, this could result in an increased tax cost, including tax surcharges and interest which 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Currency risk
Currency risk is the risk of changes in exchange rates having a negative impact on the Group’s performance 
and equity value. Currency exposure is associated with payment flows in foreign currency (transaction 
exposure) and the translation of foreign subsidiaries’ balance sheets and income statements to SEK (translation 
exposure). The Group does not generally hedge transaction exposure. When considered appropriate, the Group 
hedges the Issuer’s translation exposure related to some investments in foreign operations by issuing debt or

--- Page 10 ---
10
entering into derivative transactions in the currencies involved. A five per cent. currency fluctuation against the 
Swedish krona would affect the Group’s total net assets by SEK 436 million. A strengthening of the SEK 
towards other currencies would impact net assets negatively. This could have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Group is subject to the covenants in relation to the Issuer’s financing arrangements
Under the terms of the Issuer’s financing arrangements the Group must comply with certain covenants. If the 
Group breaches any covenant and fails to receive a waiver regarding such breach from the Issuer’s lenders or 
sign an amendment modifying any such covenant, the Group’s debt obligations under the Issuer financing 
arrangements may be accelerated or further credit may be withheld. 
The restrictions under the Issuer’s financing arrangements could make it more difficult for the Group to expand, 
finance the Issuer’s operations or engage in business activities that may be of interest to it, any of which could 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations, result, financial position and the Issuer’s ability to make 
payments under the Issuer’s financing arrangements and the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
11
Factors which are material to the Guarantor
5
Risks related to strategy and market
Competition and price pressure
The markets on which the Guarantor operates is highly competitive. The Guarantor’s ability to compete 
successfully depends on a number of factors besides competition, including changes to current market 
participant strategies (such as consolidation and M&A activity), new entrants, new products, market 
dependency and offering services in a relatively flat Fixed Mobile Convergence (FMC) market in Sweden. 
These factors could force the Guarantor to make adjustments in the business model or changes in the company’s 
business and pricing strategy. Increased competition could also lead to the development of new market segments 
(e.g. IoT) or new forms of connectivity (e.g. VoIP, embedded SIM, 5G, fiber replacing cable), changed customer 
behaviour (due to revenue migration from voice to data, shift from traditional broadcast linear TV to pay TV 
and OTT – over the top offerings, loss of content rights for linear TV) or lead to a decrease in customer growth 
rates and loss of market share and competitive position. 
Also in Sweden, in contrast to many other markets, the infrastructure upon which the Guarantor relies to provide 
the Guarantor’s services is largely overbuilt by the infrastructure of competitors, allowing existing or potential 
customers to select their provider from among several different operators. Similarly, low switching costs in the 
mobile market, such as the legal requirement for a customer to be able to retain their mobile number when 
switching providers, could result in significant customer churn in the event that the Guarantor’s mobile service 
offerings become uncompetitive.
If the Group’s response to this competitive environment is unsuccessful or does not occur in a timely manner it 
may lead to a loss of customers and market shares which in turn will have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
earnings.
Risks related to changing technology
The Guarantor operates in markets characterized by rapidly changing technology. This may result in price 
erosion and increased price competition for the Guarantor‘s products and services. The new technology in the 
telecommunications market includes, for example, OTT Services, embedded SIMs and 5G rollout. The 
Guarantor may be adversely affected by development of new technologies, for example, developments in OTT 
services may exceed the technological capabilities of the Guarantor’s broadband network and offer content that 
meets customer demands while being unavailable via the Guarantor’s digital TV& play offering, each resulting 
in a decline for the Guarantor’s services. 
Development of new technologies may furthermore require a review of the life cycles of the Guarantor’s assets 
and may result in additional depreciation or impairment costs, and there is a risk that the Guarantor will not be 
able to focus on the right projects for innovation or successfully obtain contracts vital for the Group to offer 
products and services in line with market demands. 
For example, the customer base for digital terrestrial television throughout Sweden has generally been 
declining. The Guarantor risks losing customers of pay-TV services and there is a risk that the structural digital 
terrestrial television decline will accelerate, without replacement by a different service offered by the Guarantor. 
Furthermore, customers may choose to obtain broadband services from a competitor with actual or perceived 
faster download and upload speeds, increasing pressure on prices and margins and leading the Guarantor to 
incur significant capital expenditures to match the Guarantor’s competitors’ service offerings.
If the Guarantor is unable to anticipate, respond to and keep up with new technology and compete effectively, 
it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Risk due to changes in consumer behaviour trends 
The Guarantor’s results and cash flow depend on the general demand for its products and services. Changes in 
customer behaviour may have a material adverse effect on the demand for broadband, digital TV and fixed-

--- Page 12 ---
12
telephony services. As 5G mobile networks are developed and adopted, the performance of a 5G mobile service 
offered by the Guarantor may become comparable to the performance of the Guarantor’s existing fixed 
broadband services and also negatively impact the competitiveness of the Guarantor’s digital TV & play 
services that are offered to customers connected to the Guarantor’s fixed network. In the future, the Guarantor 
may experience some cannibalization of existing customer demand for the Guarantor’s existing fixed broadband 
and digital TV & play services as it rolls out 5G mobile services. The Guarantor is exposed to changes in the 
demand for these services in both the business-to-customer (B2C) sector as well as in the business-to-business 
(B2B) sector. If demand for broadband, digital TV & play and fixed-telephony services in the B2C sector and 
the B2B sector does not develop as expected, if the Guarantor is no longer able to sell combinations of these 
services in bundles at adequate prices, or if the roll out of 5G mobile services generally diverts demand from 
the Guarantor’s other products and services, and the Guarantor is unable to compete effectively as a result, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Guarantor’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Investments in networks, licences, new technology and start-up operations
In recent years, the Guarantor has made substantial investments in telecom networks and licences and also 
expects to invest substantial amounts over the coming years in the upgrading, maintaining and expansion of 
networks. The Group also has had to and may in the future have to pay fees to acquire new licences or to renew 
or maintain the Guarantor’s existing licences. The success of these investments will depend on a variety of 
factors some of which will be beyond the Group’s control, including the cost of acquiring, renewing or 
maintaining licences, the cost of new technology, availability of new and attractive services, the costs associated 
with providing these services, the timing of their introduction, the market demand and prices for such services, 
and competition. Any failure to realise in full the benefits expected by the Group from these investments may 
adversely affect the Group’s results of operations and financial position. 
Further, if the Group fails to develop, or obtain timely access to, new technologies or equipment, or if the Group 
fails to obtain the necessary licences or spectrum to provide services using these new technologies, the Group 
may lose customers and market share and become less profitable, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
6
Risks related to the Group’s operations, including societal risks
Limited number of suppliers
The Group is reliant upon a limited number of handset manufacturers for attracting customers, suppliers of 
equipment and network for rolling out networks and supplier of terrestrial digital TV to be able to offer good 
quality services. Also, the Guarantor is dependent on agreements with other network operators to provide 
services in major parts of the Tele2 network. If the Guarantor’s existing suppliers are unable to satisfy the 
Group’s requirements, there is a risk that the Guarantor would fail to obtain network equipment, handsets or 
services from alternative suppliers in order to fulfil its obligations towards its customers on a timely basis. In 
addition, like the Guarantor’s competitors, the Group currently outsources many of the Group’s key support 
services, including network construction and maintenance of most of the Group’s operations. 
Also, the Guarantor has lease agreements with several facility providers such as municipalities and individual 
suppliers, for example, relating to the lease of cable duct space, dark fiber and in some instances coaxial cables 
as well as facilities for headends and hubs. A service provider agreement is also in place in respect of the 
distribution of the television services provided by Boxer TV-Access AB (“Boxer”) using the DTT network. The 
Group’s ability to offer the Guarantor’s services to the Guarantor’s customers depends on the performance of 
contract counterparties and their affiliates in carrying out their respective obligations under certain agreements 
and such contract counterparties’ rights of use.
The limited number of suppliers and unfavourable changes to the terms of the Guarantor’s arrangements with 
current and future suppliers, could adversely affect the Guarantor’s business, thereby restricting the Guarantor’s 
operational flexibility and the Guarantor’s ability to meet customer demands and expectations. This could drive 
shift in customer preference towards the Group’s competitors, thereby affecting the Guarantor’s revenue and 
profitability.

--- Page 13 ---
13
Pandemic outbreaks
The Group is exposed to the effects of pandemic outbreaks (for example, the COVID-19 pandemic), which 
could adversely affect the Group's cash flow and profitability. A global pandemic could also have a negative 
impact on crucial suppliers which could, in turn, negatively affect supply chains and important outsourced 
services. Potential effects include, but are not limited to, decline in store sales, reduced international roaming 
and lower demand and potential credit losses relating to business customers. Furthermore, the pandemic could 
potentially lead to delays in network buildout and maintenance, as well as key employees’ health getting 
affected due to which they are unable to carry out their tasks. Any of the potential effects of a pandemic listed 
above could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Shareholder matters in relation to associated companies
The Group conducts certain of the Group’s activities through associated companies in which the Group does 
not have a controlling interest. Such companies include Svenska UMTS-nät AB and Net4Mobility HB in the 
Nordic region and the network sharing joint venture with Bite in Latvia and Lithuania. In September 2021, 
Tele2 and Deutsche Telekom announced the agreement to divest its 25% and 75% respectively of the joint 
venture in T-Mobile Netherlands to Apax funds and Warburg Pincus, a private equity consortium. The 
transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and consultation with 
employee representatives. 
The Group may enter into further similar arrangements in the future. As a result of these activities being 
conducted through such associated companies, the Group has limited influence over the conduct of these 
businesses. In these jointly controlled ventures, there is a risk that the partners may disagree on important 
matters, including the funding of the venture, approval of business plans, budgets, dividends or other cash 
distributions. This risk may be greater where the parties are competitors. A disagreement or deadlock regarding 
the venture or a breach by one of the parties of the material provisions of the cooperation arrangements could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business interests as well as the Group’s strategy and actions in 
relation to any of these associated companies.
Risk related to access to television content
The Guarantor relies on the Guarantor’s ability to provide a wide selection of popular content and cutting-edge 
services to the Guarantor’s customers. The Guarantor does not produce the Guarantor’s own content and is 
therefore dependent upon broadcasters and content providers for programming.
The Guarantor licenses certain programs for the Guarantor’s digital TV services. Rights with respect to a 
significant amount of premium and/or high definition (“HD”) content are sometimes already held by competing 
distributors and, to the extent such competitors stop wholesaling such content or wholesale such content to 
distributors other than the Guarantor, the Guarantor’s ability to obtain any highly rated content could be limited. 
Further, as the Guarantor continually develops the Guarantor’s digital TV & play services, which includes e.g. 
traditional television content, VoD libraries, OTT content and applications, the Guarantor’s ability to source 
content for the TV service is increasingly important and depends on the Guarantor’s ability to maintain 
relationships and cooperation with content providers and broadcasters for both standard and HD content. The 
Guarantor may incur additional licensing and/or other fees for content distributed over the Guarantor’s 
platforms. In addition, content providers may elect to distribute their content exclusively through distribution 
platforms other than the Tele2 digital TV network, including satellite or internet-based platforms, or through 
other distributors.
The risks described above could reduce the demand for the Guarantor’s existing and future television services, 
thereby limiting the Guarantor’s ability to maintain or increase revenue from these services. This could have an 
adverse effect on the Guarantor’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Risk related to contracts with landlords of multi-dwelling units
A majority of the Guarantor’s current customers live in multi-dwelling units (“MDUs”) and contracts with 
landlords of these MDUs form the basis of these Tele2 customer relationships. The Guarantor’s ability to renew

--- Page 14 ---
14
existing contracts with landlords of MDUs, and to enter into contracts with new landlord partners, is important 
to the Guarantor’s business. Contracts with landlords are important to provide the Guarantor with network 
access to individual tenants and households within MDUs because in-house wiring is owned by landlords. The 
Guarantor could lose the Guarantor’s direct subscriber relationships with end-users if landlords terminate or 
fail to renew the contracts that are in place and the Guarantor is unable to migrate MDU customers to alternative 
services via open networks. Based on historical losses of 1 to 2 per cent. of landlord contracts each year, with 
approximately the same amount being gained in new landlord contracts per year, the Guarantor could lose 
landlord contracts in the future. The pace of contract renegotiation and/or loss of contracts could also accelerate 
in the future.
The Guarantor’s inability to maintain or renew existing agreements with landlords or enter into new contracts 
on commercially favourable terms could lead to reduced sales, lower margins and a decrease in our customer 
base, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Guarantor’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.
Risks related to the environment and climate change  
The Group’s operations is exposed to the effects of the transition to a low carbon economy. The transition is 
associated with transitional risks like policy, liability or technology risks that may all incur additional costs. 
Further, climate change is increasingly driving regulation and taxation related to reducing greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions and the use of fossil fuels. Increasing scarcity of natural resources, particularly rare minerals 
used in network and consumer technology hardware, may lead to increased hardware costs. Increasing energy 
costs, taxation of GHG emissions, and price increases caused by natural resource scarcity may incur additional 
costs.  Moreover, climate-related risks such as extreme weather events can cause severe damage and disruption 
to both the Group’s and the entire ICT industry’s operations through increased frequency and more intense 
storms, floods, heatwaves and more. These can severely damage fundamental infrastructure and utilities for the 
Group’s operations.  
Further, the global demand for ICT products and devices has significantly increased, which has led to shorter 
product life cycles and an increase in electronic waste (e-waste). The Group is dependent on customers having 
electronic equipment, such as mobile phones or routers, to use the services offered. Therefore, the Group has a 
responsibility to make sure that this hardware is dealt with in a way that does not harm the environment when 
customers no longer can or want to use their products, in order to reduce e-waste. The Group requires all its 
business units to comply with international standards on handling and reducing e-waste. 
The Group’s networks emit electromagnetic fields. The Group is convinced that no adverse health risks have 
been identified in relation to the exposure to such fields from base stations for mobile telephony, wireless 
networking or similar transmitters. In order to manage impacts, The Group’s networks are designed to operate 
well within the applicable regulations and guidelines of the countries of operation. 
Actual or perceived failure to successfully address these risks or comply with regulations and international 
standards can, together or separately, lead to financial penalties, loss of business, and negatively affect the 
perceptions of the Group and the Group’s financial position and competitive position.  
Risks related to corruption and unethical business practice
The Group aims to conduct its business with the highest degree of ethics while also complying with local laws 
and regulations and respecting human rights. However, throughout the operations of Group, there are risks of 
corruption, especially in areas linked to market regulation, price setting, supply chain and third-party 
management and customer service. Actual or perceived corruption, unethical business practices or fraud may 
damage the perception of Group and result in financial penalties and debarment from procurement and 
institutional investment processes as well as significantly impact the Group’s financial results. 
Protection of Children  
Children and young people spend an ever-increasing part of their lives online and are active users of Group’s 
services. While this allows amazing access to a wealth of knowledge and entertainment, it also comes with risks

--- Page 15 ---
15
of exposure to disturbing content and online threats. Even though the Group provides technical solutions that 
makes it possible to protect children against inappropriate content online, there are still risks that children can 
be harmed using the Group’s services through connected devices if products and services are not accurately 
designed and assessed.  The Group is working proactively to find and block child sexual abuse material 
(CSAM). However, if these solutions are not correctly designed and assessed, there is a risk that the Group’s 
services can be used to distribute or access CSAM. Actual or perceived failure to protect children and young 
people online and to block all forms of CSAM can negatively impact the Group’s brand reputation, financial 
condition, and competitive position. 
Risks related to the ability to recruit and retain skilled personnel
To remain competitive and implement the strategy, and to adapt to changing technologies, the Group will need 
to recruit, retain and, where necessary, retrain highly skilled employees with the relevant expertise. The loss of 
key individuals or other employees who have specific knowledge of, or relationships with, customers in the 
markets in which the Group operates could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.
Risks related to network quality towards customers, IT integrity and personal data security
The mobile and fixed network quality of the Group are important assets and a pre-requisite to be able to deliver 
high-quality, secure services and networks to its customers and critical for a profitable and qualitative service. 
The need for reliable, high-speed networks to support working from home increased as a result of the COVID-
19 pandemic. Failure to meet the customers quality requirements and expectations may have an adverse impact 
on the Group’s customer retention and may also result in missed opportunities to grow. 
Further, the Group’s operations manage significant network and data volumes and therefore aims to ensure 
network integrity, data security and protect customers’ personal data. The Group needs to protect assets such as 
personnel, customers, information, IT infrastructure, internal and public networks as well as office buildings 
and technical facilities. Along with increased digitalization, cyber-attacks are increasing and becoming more 
advanced and could, if not properly mitigated, lead to major disruptions on customer services and on internal 
IT infrastructure. Also, as per the Data Protection Regulation, breaches of customer’s personal information 
could potentially result in major fines and significant reputational damage.

--- Page 16 ---
16
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme
7
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features:
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The Issuer may issue Notes at a substantial premium or discount to their nominal amount. The market values 
of such securities tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. The longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility may be as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Risks related to potential conflicts of interest on the part of the Calculation Agent
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is involved, 
in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests 
may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in 
place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in 
transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders 
during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which 
could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.
8
Risks related to Notes generally
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds may not meet investor expectations or requirements
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to apply the
proceeds of those Notes for projects that contribute to the environmental objective of climate change mitigation,
low carbon society, and the achievement of UN Sustainable Development Goals ("Eligible Green Projects"). 
A prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and determine

--- Page 17 ---
17
for itself the relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any 
other investigation it deems necessary.
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present 
or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant 
Eligible Green Project.
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified 
as, a "sustainable", "green" or equivalently-labelled project or a loan that may finance such project, is currently under 
development. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). The EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission 
through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or the Dealers that that the eligibility criteria for Eligible Sustainable Projects will satisfy any requisite criteria 
determined under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at 
any time, or that any regime implemented in the United Kingdom (if any) for issuing 'green', 'environmental', 
'sustainable' or other equivalently-labelled securities will align with the European (or any other) framework for such 
securities.
There can be no assurance by the Issuer that the use of proceeds of Notes identified in the relevant Final Terms will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its 
investments are required to comply under its own governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Each prospective 
investor should have regard to the factors described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms and seek 
advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding the use of proceeds of any 
Note issue and its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest. No representation or assurance is given as to the 
suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue 
of Notes issued as Green Bonds. "Green Bonds" shall be identified as such in the relevant Final Terms, and refers to 
Notes where the proceeds of such Notes shall be used in accordance with the Issuer's Green Finance Framework (as 
defined below). For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein. 
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria 
for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds towards Eligible 
Green Projects and to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Green Projects as described in this Base Prospectus, 
the Group's Green Finance Framework, and the applicable Final Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do so. 
"Green Finance Framework" refers to the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework which will be available on the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.tele2.com/), as it may be updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time. Any such 
updates or  supplements to the Green Finance Framework will be made available on the Issuer's website, but will not

--- Page 18 ---
18
be incorporated in this Base Prospectus. The Green Finance Framework is not incorporated into and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.
There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green Projects will be available or capable of being implemented 
in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use the proceeds for such Eligible Green 
Projects as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible Green Projects will be completed as expected 
or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. None of a failure 
by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or to report on the use of proceeds or 
Eligible Green Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification 
in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' 
expectations requirements regarding any "green" or similar labels will constitute an event of default or breach of 
contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds.
A failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their "green", 
"sustainable" or equivalent characteristics, including the failure to apply proceeds for Eligible Green Projects, the 
failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification, the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted 
to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer to report on 
the use of proceeds or Eligible Green Projects as anticipated, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which 
consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's investment 
criteria or mandate).
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such benchmarks
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” such as the London Interbank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR”) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) was published in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 29 June 2016 and has applied since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It will, 
among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.
On 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) announced that it will no longer persuade 
or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 (the “FCA 
Announcement”). The FCA Announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis 
cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. Subsequent announcements by the FCA have emphasised that 
market participants should not rely on the continued publication of LIBOR after the end of 2021. The potential 
elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark 
may have the effect, amongst other things, of: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
benchmark or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 19 ---
19
Any changes to the administration of LIBOR or EURIBOR or the emergence of alternatives to LIBOR or 
EURIBOR as a result of these reforms, may cause LIBOR or EURIBOR to perform differently than in the past 
or to be discontinued, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential 
discontinuation of LIBOR or EURIBOR or changes to its administration could require changes to the way in 
which the Rate of Interest is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing or linked to LIBOR or EURIBOR. 
The development of alternatives to LIBOR or EURIBOR may result in Notes linked to or referencing LIBOR 
or EURIBOR performing differently than would otherwise have been the case if such alternatives to LIBOR or 
EURIBOR had not developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and 
return on, any Notes referencing or linked to LIBOR or EURIBOR.
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference 
to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the Original Reference 
Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page 
is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent.
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was 
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from 
reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may 
adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were 
to continue to apply in its current form.
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders.
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser to be applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may 
nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest.
The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body 
(which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, 
formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or methodology which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be.

--- Page 20 ---
20
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form.
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes.
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser 
is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the 
Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate 
of Interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has failed, to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Accrual Period, it will continue 
to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest 
Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and 
any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods, as necessary.
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined.
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed 
rate Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of floating rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating 
Rate Option specified is either LIBOR or EURIBOR Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be 
determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain 
banks. If either LIBOR or EURIBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations 
from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the 
Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate 
Notes.
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes 
may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denominations (as defined 
in the Conditions). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal 
amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at 
the relevant time will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more 
Specified Denominations.
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 21 ---
21
Modification and waivers 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
Change of law
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative 
practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes.
Judgments entered against Swedish entities in the courts of a state which is not subject to the Brussels 
Regulations or the Lugano Convention may not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Sweden in the courts of a state which is not, under the 
terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 
2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the 
"2012 Brussels Regulation") or (ii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of 
judgments in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the "Lugano Convention"), 
a Member State (as defined in the 2012 Brussels Regulation) or a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano 
Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden as a matter of law without a retrial on its merits
(but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, administrative tribunals or 
executive or other public authorities of Sweden).
9
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk:
The secondary market generally
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to 
the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 22 ---
22
Interest rate risks
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
10
Risks related to Taxation
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the original Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to person both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and 
additional EU Member States may decide to participate.
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 23 ---
23
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:
(i)
The section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” on pages 25 to 48 of the prospectus dated 29 
April 2016 (https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-financing/document-
incorporated-by-reference-prospectus-dated-29-april-2016-2018-10-22.pdf), on pages 29 to 61 of the 
prospectus dated 22 October 2018 (https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/tele2_ab_prospectus_2018.pdf), both as amended by the Notice of Amendment dated 5 March 
2019 
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/notice_of_amendment_5_march_2019.pdf), as well as on pages 32 to 57 of the prospectus 
dated 
25 
September 
2019 
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/2019_base_prospectus.pdf), and on pages 29 to 53 of the prospectus dated 22 October 2020 
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/2020_base_prospectus.pdf ) (the “Terms and Conditions of the outstanding Notes”);
(ii)
the translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
2019 and 2020, respectively, together in each case with the auditor’s report thereon, as set out in the 
Issuer’s 
Annual 
Report 
2019
(the 
“2019
Issuer’s 
Annual 
Report”) 
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/reports/annual-reports/2019/annual-report-2019-
final.pdf)
and the Issuer’s Annual Report 2020
(the “2020
Issuer’s Annual Report”) 
(https://www.tele2.com/files/Main/3372/3313796/release.pdf );
(iii)
the translations of the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial 
years ended 2019 and 2020, respectively, together in each case with the auditor’s report thereon, as set 
out 
in 
the 
Guarantor’s 
Annual 
Report 
2019
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/annual_report_tele2_sverige_ab_2019.pdf)
and the Guarantor’s Annual Report 2020
((https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/annual_report_tele2_sverige_ab_2020.pdf), respectively (the “2019 and 2020 Guarantor’s 
Annual Reports”); and
(iv)
the translation of the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the nine
months ended 30 September 2021, as set out in the Issuer’s interim report third quarter 2021 (the “Q3
2021 Issuer Interim Report”) (https://www.tele2.com/files/Main/3372/3435356/tele2---quarterly-
report-q3-2021.pdf  ),
which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have 
been filed with the CSSF. The Terms and Conditions of the outstanding Notes, the 2019 Issuer’s Annual Report, 
the 2020 Issuer’s Annual Report, the 2019 and 2020 Guarantor’s Annual Reports and the Q3 2021 Issuer Interim 
Report are incorporated by reference in and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in 
a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor takes 
responsibility for the correctness of the translations of the documents incorporated by reference. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the 
registered office of the Issuer, the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or the website 
of the Issuer (www.tele2.com). The tables below sets out the relevant page references for (i) the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer’s for the financial years ended 2019 and 2020, respectively, as 
set out in the Issuer’s Annual Report 2019 and the Issuer’s Annual Report 2020, respectively, (ii) the audited 
non-consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 2019 and 2020, 
respectively, as set out in the Guarantor’s Annual Report 2019, and the Guarantor’s Annual Report 2020, 
respectively, and (iii) the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the nine months

--- Page 24 ---
24
ended 30 September 2021, as set out in the Q3 2021 Issuer Interim Report. The non-incorporated parts of the 
documents incorporated by reference herein, which for the avoidance of doubt are not mentioned in the cross-
reference lists below, are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
For the avoidance of doubt, any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated 
by reference into this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus.
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 2019 and 2020, 
respectively
2019 Issuer’s Annual Report
Profit and Loss Statement.........................................................................................
Pages 37 to 38
Balance Statement....................................................................................................
Pages 39 to 40
Report on Changes in Equity ....................................................................................
Page 42
Cash-Flow Analysis..................................................................................................
Page 41 
Notes .......................................................................................................................
Pages 43 to 79
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................
Pages 86 to 88
Non-IFRS measures .................................................................................................
Pages 89 to 92
Definitions ...............................................................................................................
Pages 89 to 92
2020 Issuer’s Annual Report
Profit and Loss Statement.........................................................................................
Page 68
Balance Statement....................................................................................................
Page 69
Cash-Flow Analysis…………………………………………………...
Report on Changes in Equity ....................................................................................
Page 70
Page 71
Notes .......................................................................................................................
Pages 72 to 118
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................
Pages 127 to 130
Non-IFRS measures .................................................................................................
Pages 131 to 133
Definitions ...............................................................................................................
Pages 131 to 134
Audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 2019 and 
2020, respectively 
Tele2 Sverige AB Annual Report 2019
Income Statement.....................................................................................................
Page 5
Balance Statement....................................................................................................
Pages 6 to 7
Report on Changes in Equity ....................................................................................
Page 8
Cash-Flow Analysis..................................................................................................
Page 9
Notes .......................................................................................................................
Pages 10 to 26
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................
Pages 27 to 28*
*These page references refer to the PDF version of the Annual Report.

--- Page 25 ---
25
Tele2 Sverige AB Annual Report 2020
Income Statement.....................................................................................................
Page 5
Balance Statement....................................................................................................
Pages 6-7
Report on Changes in Equity ....................................................................................
Page 8
Cash-Flow Analysis..................................................................................................
Page 9
Notes .......................................................................................................................
Pages 10-26
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................
Pages 27-28*
*These page references refer to the PDF version of the Annual Report
Unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the nine months ended 30 
September 2021
Q3 2021 Issuer Interim Report
Income Statement.....................................................................................................
Page 17
Comprehensive Income............................................................................................
Page 18
Balance Sheet...........................................................................................................
Page 19
Cash Flow Statement................................................................................................
Page 20
Change in Equity......................................................................................................
Page 21
Notes .......................................................................................................................
Page 23-26

--- Page 26 ---
26
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Prospectus 
which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the 
duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in 
or removal from this Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and/or
the Guarantor (as applicable), the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and 
its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer and/or the Guarantor shall prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish 
a replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to 
each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement or replacement Prospectus as such Dealer may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 27 ---
27
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following general description is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Prospectus.
Issuer:
Tele2 AB (publ)
Guarantor:
Tele2 Sverige AB
Description:
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Tele2 AB (publ): 213800EKD193RVI9HL76
Tele2 Sverige AB: 213800PP7RCOOKTCKJ34
Website:
Tele2 AB (publ): www.tele2.com
Tele2 Sverige AB: www.tele2.com
Programme Limit:
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time.
Arranger:
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
Dealers:
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Danske Bank A/S
DNB Bank ASA
ING Bank N.V.
Nordea Bank Abp
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)
Swedbank AB (publ)
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches.
Fiscal Agent:
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
Method of Issue:
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one 
or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes 
of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where 
necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and

--- Page 28 ---
28
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final 
terms (the “Final Terms”).
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Form of Notes:
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”). Each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if 
(i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are 
being issued in compliance with TEFRA D (as defined in “ –
Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise such Tranche will be 
represented by a permanent Global Note. Registered Notes will 
be represented by Certificates, one Certificate being issued in 
respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes 
of one Series. Certificates representing Registered Notes that are 
registered in the name of a nominee for one or more clearing 
systems are referred to as “Global Certificates”.
Clearing Systems:
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and such other clearing 
system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the relevant Dealer.
Initial Delivery of Notes:
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is an NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held 
under the NSS, the Global Note or Global Certificate will be 
delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the relevant 
Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Notes or Global Certificates relating to Notes that are not 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may also be deposited 
with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any 
clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has 
been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or 
more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name of 
nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems.
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer.
Maturities:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes will have a minimum maturity of one 
month. 
Specified Denomination:
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case of

--- Page 29 ---
29
any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the United Kingdom or the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in the United Kingdom or an EEA 
State in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) 
unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 
19 of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or
(ii)
by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR
as adjusted for any applicable margin (and subject to the 
Benchmark discontinuation provisions set out in 
Condition 5(j)).
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest.
Interest Periods and Interest Rates:
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period. All such information will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms.
Redemption:
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA must have 
a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).
Optional Redemption:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated

--- Page 30 ---
30
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption.
Redemption upon a Change of 
Control:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the holders upon the occurrence of a Change of 
Control Put Event as further described in “Terms and Conditions –
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on a Change of Control”.
Status of Notes and Guarantee:
The Notes and the Guarantee will constitute unsubordinated and 
(save to the extent specified in “Terms and Conditions – Negative 
Pledge”) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor, 
respectively, all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Guarantee and Status”.
The Guarantee will be limited if required by application of the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Swedish 
Companies 
Act 
(Sw. aktiebolagslagen) regulating transfers of value (Sw.
värdeöverföringar). For a description of the Guarantee see “The 
Deed of Guarantee”.
Negative Pledge:
Applicable. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative 
Pledge”.
Cross Default:
Applicable. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of 
Default”.
Ratings:
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the relevant rating assigned to the Notes already issued. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will 
be specified in the Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation 
to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the 
United Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.
Early Redemption:
Except as provided in “– Optional Redemption” and “–
Redemption upon a Change of Control” above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for 
tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes –
Redemption, Purchase and Options”.
Withholding Tax:
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Kingdom of 
Sweden, as the case may be, unless the withholding is required 
by law. In such event, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) shall, subject to customary exceptions, pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of 
such amounts as would have been received by it had no such 
withholding been required, all as described in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Taxation”.

--- Page 31 ---
31
Governing Law:
English law, save that the provisions of Condition 3(c) (and 
related provisions of the Deed of Guarantee) relating to limitation 
of the obligations of the Guarantor are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Swedish law.
Listing and Admission to Trading:
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market or as otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and references to listing shall be 
construed accordingly. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
a Series of Notes may be unlisted.
Selling Restrictions:
The United States, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, the Kingdom of Sweden and Japan. See “Subscription 
and Sale”.
Category 2 selling restrictions will apply for the purposes of
Regulation S under the Securities Act, as amended.
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) ( 
“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that Notes 
are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the
Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in 
which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances 
will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 32 ---
32
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) 
issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and 
conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions 
as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed 
on Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined 
in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions 
will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in these Conditions to 
“Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) 
dated 25 September 2019 between Tele2 AB (publ) (the “Issuer”), Tele2 Sverige AB (the “Guarantor”), BNP 
Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the 
benefit of an Amended and Restated Deed of Covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 25 September 2019 
executed by the Issuer and the Guarantor in relation to the Notes and an Amended and Restated Deed of 
Guarantee (the “Deed of Guarantee”) dated 25 September 2019 executed by the Guarantor in relation to the 
Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the 
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation 
Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating 
to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further 
Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement applicable to them.
In these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects.
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection 
at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the Notes). The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered 
Notes”), in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon.
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon.
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall 
pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed 
to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its 
theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the

--- Page 33 ---
33
bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as 
the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.
2
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination and 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or 
another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other 
evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only 
of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register 
will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement. The regulations scheduled to the Agency Agreement may be changed by the Issuer, with the 
prior written approval of the Registrar and the Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be 
made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. The rules and procedures of Euroclear 
are available on Euroclear’s website, www.euroclear.eu. 
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an exercise 
of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of part of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to 
reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case 
of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different 
terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same 
terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder 
of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding.
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or (c) shall 
be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or Exercise Notice 
(as defined in Condition 6(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have 
been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified 
in the form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk 
of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder 
requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the
costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in 
the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be).
(e)
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require).

--- Page 34 ---
34
(f)
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its 
option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (ii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iii) during 
the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3
Guarantee and Status
(a)
Guarantee: Subject to Condition 3(c) below, the Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes and the 
Coupons relating to them. Its obligations in that respect (the “Guarantee”) are contained in the Deed of 
Guarantee.
(b)
Status of Notes and Guarantee: The Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to 
Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons 
relating to them and of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall, save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, respectively, present and future.
(c)
Limitations: Pursuant to the Deed of Guarantee, the obligations of the Guarantor shall be limited, if 
(and only if) required by the mandatory provisions of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen 
(2005:551)) (the “Swedish Companies Act”) regulating unlawful distribution of assets and transfer of 
value (Chapter 17, Sections 1 to 4) (or its equivalent from time to time) and the liability of the Guarantor 
under the Deed of Guarantee will exist only to the extent permitted by the above mentioned provisions 
of the Swedish Companies Act.
4
Negative Pledge
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) neither the Issuer 
nor the Guarantor will create, or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest, 
upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time 
or prior thereto according to the Notes and the Coupons the benefit of the same security as is created or 
subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders.
In this Condition, “Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or 
evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are capable 
of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market.
5
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f).
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the

--- Page 35 ---
35
Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to 
either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at (i) 11.00 a.m. 
(London time in the case of LIBOR, Central European time in the case of 
EURIBOR, or Stockholm time in the case of STIBOR) or (ii) 12.00 noon (Oslo
time) in the case of NIBOR on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are

--- Page 36 ---
36
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations.
(y)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Issuer and/or Guarantor shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
(i) LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks; (ii) 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks; (iii) 
STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of each of the Reference Banks, or (iv)
NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is (A) LIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time); (B) EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Central European time); (C) STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time); or (D) NIBOR, as at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations
as determined by the Calculation Agent; and
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is (i) LIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (London time); (ii) EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time); (iii) STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time); or 
(iv) NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is (A) LIBOR, the London inter-bank market; (B) EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market; (C) STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market; or 
(D) NIBOR, the Norwegian inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is (i) 
LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time); (ii) EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Central European time); (iii) STIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time); or (vi) NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference 
Rate is (A) LIBOR, the London inter-bank market; (B) EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market; (C) STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market; (D) if the 
Norwegian inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of

--- Page 37 ---
37
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(C)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
hereon as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate.
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity.
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)).
(d)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
5 to but excluding the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8).
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, then 
any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up)

--- Page 38 ---
38
and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency.
(f)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount 
(or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent 
shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate 
or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Optional Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any 
other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange 
or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(h)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below:
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”) and/or

--- Page 39 ---
39
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 40 ---
40
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(viii)
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon,
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the 
Interest Payment Date(s)

--- Page 41 ---
41
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on 
and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as 
being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest 
Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling, (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro, provided that if STIBOR is used, the day falling two Stockholm Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period and if NIBOR is used, the day falling two Oslo 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on and 
including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date unless otherwise specified thereon
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon
“LIBOR” means the London inter-bank offered rate
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions specified hereon
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of (a) LIBOR, the principal London office of 
four major banks in the London inter-bank market; (b) EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; (c) STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four 
major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market; or (d) NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major 
banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer and/ or the Guarantor
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, option, 
column or other part of a particular information service)

--- Page 42 ---
42
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto.
(i)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading financial 
institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in 
such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
(j)
Benchmark discontinuation:
(A)
Independent Adviser
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(D)).
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Condition 5(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(j)(A) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be 
the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(j)(A) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j)(A).
(B)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 43 ---
43
If the Independent Adviser, determines that:
(vi)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)); or
(vii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(j)). 
(C)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread)
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
will apply without an Adjustment Spread.
(D)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(j)(E), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(D), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading.
(E)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(j) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:
(A)
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5(j); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread.
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at 
all reasonable times during normal business hours. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and

--- Page 44 ---
44
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will 
(in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the BenchmarkAmendments (if any)) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(F)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(j) (A), (B), (C) and (D), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(y) and 
(z) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(G)
Definitions:
As used in this Condition 5(j):
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate);
(ii)
the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith, is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is 
customarily applied); or
(iii)
the Independent Adviser, determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(j)(B) is customarily applied in the 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(D).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(1) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or
(2) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(3) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or
(4) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 45 ---
45
(5) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate;
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), (3) and (4), the Benchmark Event shall occur on 
the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may 
be, and not the date of the relevant public statement.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(j)(A).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption:
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided, is its nominal amount).
(b)
Early Redemption:
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes:
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified 
hereon.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) or upon it becoming due and

--- Page 46 ---
46
payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount 
due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note 
as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect 
as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in paragraph (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 
Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 6(b)) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or, if 
the Guarantee were called, the Guarantor) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice 
of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then due. Prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
stating that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified hereon) redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)) 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption must relate to Notes 
of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of 
the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered

--- Page 47 ---
47
Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, which shall have been drawn in such place and 
in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
requirements.
(e)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which may be 
the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), together (where applicable) with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No 
Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(f)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders upon a Change of Control: If Change of Control Put Event 
is specified hereon and a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any such Note will have the 
option (a “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless prior to the giving of the relevant Change of Control 
Put Event Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has given notice of redemption under Condition 6(c) or 
6(d) above) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note on the Change of Control Put Date (as defined 
below) at its principal amount together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control 
Put Date.
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if:
(i)
any person or group of persons acting in concert (as defined below), in each case either directly 
or indirectly, shall acquire ownership of, or otherwise control, one or more classes of the shares 
in the capital of the Issuer carrying in aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights 
normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer (the “Change of Control”); and
(ii)
on the date (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the first 
public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the earliest Relevant 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Notes carry:
(A)
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or their respective equivalents, or better), 
from any Rating Agency whether provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation of the 
Issuer or by its own volition and such rating is, within the Change of Control Period, either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or their respective 
equivalents, or worse) (a “Non-Investment Grade Rating”) or withdrawn and is not, 
within the Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded 
to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or
(B)
a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency whether provided by such 
Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer or by its own volition and such rating is, 
within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded by one or more rating categories 
(from Baa1 to Baa2 being or such similar lowering) or withdrawn and is not, within the 
Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to its 
earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or
(C)
no credit rating and a Negative Rating Event also occurs within the Change of Control 
Period,

--- Page 48 ---
48
provided that if at the time of the occurrence of the Change of Control the Notes carry a 
credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment grade, 
then sub-paragraph (A) will apply; and
(iii)
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraphs (A) and 
(B) above or not to award a credit rating of at least investment grade as described in paragraph 
(ii) of the definition of Negative Rating Event, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or 
confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the 
occurrence of the Change of Control or the Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement.
Further, if at the time of the occurrence of the Change of Control the Notes carry a Non-Investment 
Grade Rating or no credit rating, a Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur upon the 
occurrence of a Change of Control alone.
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred the Issuer 
shall give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 giving details of the relevant Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising 
the Change of Control Put Option.
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Bearer Note must deliver such Note to the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the period (the “Change of Control Put Period”) of 30 days after a Change of Control
Put Event Notice is given, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Change of 
Control Put Notice”). The Note should be delivered together (if applicable) with all Coupons 
appertaining thereto maturing after the date which is seven days after the expiration of the Change of 
Control Put Period (the “Change of Control Put Date”), failing which the Paying Agent will require 
payment from or on behalf of the Noteholder of an amount equal to the face value of any missing such 
Coupon. Any amount so paid will be reimbursed to the Noteholder against presentation and surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupon (or any replacement therefor issued pursuant to Condition 12) at any time 
after such payment, but before the expiry of the period of five years from the Relevant Date, but not 
thereafter. The Paying Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice are delivered will 
issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. Payment 
in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in the 
Change of Control Put Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Change of Control Put Date by 
transfer to that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the Change of Control Put Date against 
presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent. A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Registered Note must deposit the 
Certificate evidencing such Note with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together 
with a duly signed and completed Change of Control Put Notice obtainable from the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent within the Change of Control Put Period. No Certificate so deposited and option so 
exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. Payment in respect of any Certificate 
so deposited will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in the Change of Control Put 
Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Change of Control Put Date by transfer to that bank 
account and, in every other case, by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first 
named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
The Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes on the Change of Control Put Date unless previously 
redeemed and cancelled.
If 85 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed pursuant 
to this Condition 6(f), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (such notice being given within 30 days after the Change of Control Put Date), redeem all

--- Page 49 ---
49
but not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes at their principal amount, together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such redemption.
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Change of Control Put Event” above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine, the rating designations of 
Moody’s, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the 
prior rating designations of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch and this Condition 6(f) shall be construed 
accordingly.
In this Condition 6(f):
“acting in concert” means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether 
formal or informal) actively co-operate, through the acquisition of shares in the Issuer, to obtain control 
of the Issuer;
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and 
ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes are under 
consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 90 days 
after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such 
period not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration);
a “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time as there is no rating assigned 
to the Notes by a Rating Agency (i) the Issuer does not, either prior to, or not later than 21 days after, 
the occurrence of the Change of Control seek, and thereafter throughout the Change of Control Period 
use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes, or any other unsecured and unsubordinated 
debt of the Issuer or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use such endeavours, it is unable to obtain such a 
rating of at least investment grade by the end of the Change of Control Period;
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”), Standard & Poor’s Rating 
Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (“S&P”) or Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) 
or any of their respective successors or any rating agency (a “Substitute Rating Agency”) substituted 
for any of them by the Issuer from time to time;
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or 
potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date 
of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; and
(g)
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the 
open market or otherwise at any price.
In these Conditions “Subsidiary” means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required 
by law or in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with 
those of the Issuer.
(h)
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 50 ---
50
7
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the 
holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in 
the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have 
access to the TARGET System.
(b)
Registered Notes:
(i)
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed one or more Paying 
Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agent(s) would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
(d)
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable laws, regulations 
and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of any payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective specified 
offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer and 
the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to 
Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying 
Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may 
be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed.

--- Page 51 ---
51
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 
7(c).
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons:
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 9).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and, if necessary, 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9).
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon 
and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange

--- Page 52 ---
52
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
8
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the Notes and 
the Coupons or under the Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or within the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or 
Coupon:
(a)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Kingdom of Sweden other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon or
(b)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the thirtieth such day.
As used in these Conditions (and save as provided in Condition 9), “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made 
or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these 
Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts 
and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.
9
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case 
of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the applicable Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10
Events of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs, the holder of any Note may give written notice to 
the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall 
become immediately due and payable:
(a)
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days in the payment on the due date of interest or 
principal in respect of any Note or
(b)
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply with any one or 
more of its other obligations in respect of the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not

--- Page 53 ---
53
remedied within 30 days after written notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at 
its specified office by any Noteholder or
(c)
Cross-Default: (A) any other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes 
due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default 
or the like (howsoever described), or (B) any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money is not paid when 
due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or the 
Guarantor fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or 
indemnity in respect of, any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money provided that the aggregate amount of 
the relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or 
more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds the higher of 
SEK400,000,000 or Euro40,000,000 or its equivalent (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant 
currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates) 
or
(d)
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced 
or sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or the Guarantor and 
is not discharged or stayed within 60 days or
(e)
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future with 
respect to all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes enforceable and 
any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
administrative receiver, administrator manager or other similar person) and is not discharged within 60 
days or
(f)
Insolvency: the Issuer or the Guarantor is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent 
or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or 
a material part of its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed 
or declared or comes into effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the 
debts of the Issuer or the Guarantor or
(g)
Winding-up: an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or the Issuer or the Guarantor
applies or petitions for a winding-up or administration order in respect of itself (save for a solvent merger 
(Sw. fusion)) or ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, in each case except 
for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or
(h)
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any 
necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) 
at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those 
obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes admissible in evidence in the 
courts of England is not taken, fulfilled or done or
(i)
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under any of the Notes or
(j)
Guarantee: the Guarantee is not or ceases to be (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force 
and effect or
(k)
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs.

--- Page 54 ---
54
In these Conditions, “Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any present or future indebtedness (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed or (ii) liabilities 
under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit.
11
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the 
method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any 
method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to 
vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to modify or cancel the Guarantee, in which case the necessary quorum 
shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned 
meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present 
at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification 
of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the 
Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders.
12
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of 
the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as 
may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the 
case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer

--- Page 55 ---
55
may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.
13
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references 
in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly.
14
Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be published either on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). If any such publication is not practicable, notice 
shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
15
Currency Indemnity
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor or otherwise) by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be, shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or the Guarantor to the extent of the amount 
in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the 
amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not 
practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, 
the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any 
event, the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such 
purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the 
case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s other 
obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any 
indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any 
other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or 
Coupon or any other judgment or order.
16
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.
17
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law: The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are, governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English

--- Page 56 ---
56
law, save that the provisions of Condition 3(c) (and related provisions of the Deed of Guarantee) relating 
to limitation of the obligations of the Guarantor are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Swedish law. 
(b)
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in 
such courts. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground 
that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. These submissions are made for the 
benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of 
them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings 
in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not).
(c)
Service of Process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints Business Sweden of 5 
Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery 
to such process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer or the Guarantor). If 
for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall 
immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. Nothing in this 
condition shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 57 ---
57
USE OF PROCEEDS
If "general corporate purposes" is specified in the "Reasons for the Offer" section in Part B of the applicable Final
Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the Group's general corporate 
purposes.
If "Green Bonds" is specified in the "Reasons for the Offer" section in Part B of the applicable Final Terms, the net 
proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used to finance Eligible Green Projects in line with the 
Issuer's Green Finance Framework (as updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time), which will be 
available at https://www.tele2.com/. 
If, in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than as described above, 
this will be stated in the “Reasons for the Offer” section of the Final Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
58
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
1
Initial Issue of Notes
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form 
or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or 
the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary.
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing 
system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a 
statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
clearing system at that time.
Upon the registration of the Global Certificate in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and delivery of the Global Certificate to the Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the 
case may be, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
2
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note 
or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long 
as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, 
as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.
3
Exchange
3.1
Temporary Global Notes
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:

--- Page 59 ---
59
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description of 
the Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined 
and described below; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.
3.2
Permanent Global Notes
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided in paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes:
(i)
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so ; or 
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal
Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations.
3.3
Permanent Global Certificates
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes 
within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the 
circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may 
only be made in part:
(i)
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so; or
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or
(iii)
with the consent of the Issuer,
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 3.3(ii) 
above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office 
of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer.
3.4
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due.

--- Page 60 ---
60
3.5
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the 
whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global 
Note is an NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records 
of the relevant clearing system. In this Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global 
Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having 
attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note 
and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure 
that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.
3.6
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located.
4
Amendment to Conditions
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
4.1
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the Exchange Date 
will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN 
form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in 
respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is an
NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such 
payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. 
Payments under an NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing 
system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global 
Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out 
in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days).

--- Page 61 ---
61
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, 
the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall 
be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing 
System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January.
4.2
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Conditions 8 and
9).
4.3
Meetings
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are 
entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes 
comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.)
4.4
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note.
4.5
Purchase
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
thereon.
4.6
Issuer’s Option
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an 
option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer 
is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a 
clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be).
4.7
Noteholders’ Options
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which 
the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent

--- Page 62 ---
62
Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. 
Where the Global Note is an NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly.
4.8
NGN nominal amount
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.
4.9
Events of Default
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal 
Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in 
respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes represented 
by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer and the Guarantor under 
the terms of a Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by the Issuer and the Guarantor on 25 September 
2019 to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global Note or one or more Registered 
Notes in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, as accountholders with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, 
the Global Note or, as the case may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the register 
kept by the Registrar will become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may 
be. However, no such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate 
unless the transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate 
shall have been improperly withheld or refused.
4.10
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort).
5
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for, a clearing system, then: 
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, 
for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed 
at a meeting for which the special quorum provision was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and

--- Page 63 ---
63
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders 
hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by 
the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the 
purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in 
the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant 
clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on 
all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with 
the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as 
valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by 
any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 64 ---
64
INFORMATION ON TELE2 AB (PUBL)
General 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Tele2 AB (publ) (“Tele2”). The Issuer was incorporated under the 
laws of Sweden on 19 November 1990 and is a public limited liability company registered in Sweden with 
registration number 556410-8917. The legislation under which the Issuer operates is the laws of Sweden. The 
registered office of the Issuer is c/o Box 2094, SE-103 13, Stockholm, Sweden, and its telephone number is 
+46 8 5626 4000.
Historical Development
In 1993 Tele2 started conducting its telecom business. During the same year fixed telephony was launched in 
Sweden. In 1996 Tele2 was listed on the O-list of Nasdaq Stockholm, Stockholmsbörsen. During the period 
from 1996 to 2000, Tele2’s international expansion started with the launch of operations in the Netherlands, 
Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia. Tele2 was awarded a 3G licence in Sweden in 2000 and established a joint 3G 
network company with TeliaSonera in Sweden the following year. Tele2 has also expanded its operations into 
Eurasia with the acquisition of mobile operations in Kazakhstan in 2009. Since 2009, Tele2 has also operated a 
joint network company, Net4Mobility with Telenor in Sweden providing 2G and 4G connection. In 2016, Tele2 
was able to offer 4G mobile services throughout its footprint. 
During 2016, Tele2 took the strategic decision to focus its long term capital allocation to Sweden and the Baltic 
countries where Tele2 holds attractive market positions with the ambition create value via in-market 
consolidation and enhance shareholder return. 
In 2016, Tele2 contributed its Kazakh business to create a JV together with Kazakhtelecom’s mobile business 
under the brand Altel in Kazakhstan limiting future funding and providing an opportunity to extract synergies 
via a mobile to mobile merger. The same year, Tele2 completed its acquisition of TDC Sweden to further 
strengthen the B2B offering in Sweden. 
In 2017, Tele2 divested its Austrian business to Drei Austria and announced the agreement to contribute Tele2’s 
business in the Netherlands to T-Mobile Netherlands to become 25 per cent. owner of the combination of Tele2 
Netherlands and T-Mobile Netherlands. 
In January 2018 the merger with Com Hem was announced and thereafter closed in November 2018, following 
approval by shareholders and competition authorities providing Tele2 with improved scale in Sweden and 
ability to provide fixed and mobile offering on a national level. 
The merger of Tele2 Netherlands and T-Mobile Netherlands was approved by competition authorities and 
concluded in the beginning of January 2019. The combined company has successfully developed from being 
the fourth operator in the market, into a leading mobile operator and a major provider of fixed connectivity.
At the start of 2019, Tele2 initiated the exit process from Kazakhstan and completed the exit in June 2019 
concluding the exit envisaged already when creating the JV in Kazakhstan in 2016.
In May 2019, Tele2 announced the agreement to divest Tele2 Croatia to United Group. On November 25th, the 
Croatian Competition Agency announced its decision to initiate a Phase II investigation into the divestment, 
with an expected timing for closing in H1 2020, subject to regulatory approval. On January 30th the Croatian 
Competition Agency notified Tele2 of its decision to approve the sale. On March 3rd the sale was closed. 
In December 2020, Tele2 announced the agreement to sell its German business to the Tele2 Germany 
management and on December 11, 2020 the divestment was completed.
In January 2021, Tele2 through its joint network company Net4Mobility, acquired 100 MHz in the Swedish 3.5 
GHz spectrum auction. Combined with the frequencies already won in the 700 MHz auction 2018, this will 
make it possible to commence the nationwide rollout of 5G, as well a significant upgrade of the existing 4G 
network.

--- Page 65 ---
65
In September 2021, Tele2 and Deutsche Telekom announced the agreement to divest its 25% and 75% 
respectively of the joint venture in T-Mobile Netherlands to Apax funds and Warburg Pincus, a private equity 
consortium. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and 
consultation with employee representatives.
Following these changes, the Group’s footprint is dominated by the Swedish business which contributed 81
percent of the Group’s revenue in 2020. During the year, which was underpinned by the pandemic, Tele2 
underwent significant changes, laying the foundation for our new vision to turn Tele2 into the smartest telco in 
the world and deliver growth while operating a more lean and efficient organisation. The three Baltic operations 
in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia contributed 19 per cent. of the Group’s revenue in 2020.
With a more focused geographical footprint Tele2 can now be run in a more efficient way with a clear focus on 
the Baltic sea region and further strengthen the FMC focused strategy in Sweden.
In April 2021, by combining two of Sweden’s strongest brands, Com Hem and Tele2, an upgraded, unlimited 
premium brand was created. As such, Sweden’s first climate neutral operator now provides nationwide mobile 
connectivity, upgraded broadband and Sweden’s largest entertainment offering at one single point of sale. This 
results in an enhanced and simplified customer experience through a brand-new webpage, one unified customer 
service and updated retail chain.
Tele2, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole, is a European telecommunications operator 
and the second largest operator in Sweden in terms of mobile service revenue. The Group offers mobile services, 
fixed broadband, TV, fixed telephony, data network services, and global IoT (as defined below) solutions in 
four countries.
In 2020, the Group generated revenue of SEK 26.5 billion and an underlying EBITDAaL of SEK 9.2 billion, 
corresponding to an Underlying EBITDAaL margin of 35 per cent.
As of 31 December 2020, the Group had 4,528 employees, with the majority of these employed in Sweden.
Share Capital and Shareholders 
As at the day of this Prospectus, Tele2’s share capital amounts to SEK 866,026,996.25, with a total of 
692,821,597 outstanding shares, of which 22,552,163 are class A shares which grant 10 votes per share, 
667,789,434 class B shares which grant 1 vote per share and 2,400,000 class C shares which grant 1 vote per 
share.
Tele2’s A shares and B shares are listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm Large Cap list under the ticker symbols TEL2 
A and TEL2 B. As of 31 December 2020 the 10 largest shareholders held in aggregate shares corresponding to 
48 per cent. of the share capital and 58 per cent. of the voting rights, of which Investment AB Kinnevik (publ) 
(“Kinnevik”) held 27 per cent of the share capital and 42 per cent. of the voting rights. No other shareholder 
owns, directly or indirectly, more than 10 per cent. of the shares in Tele2.
Kinnevik’s largest shareholder is Verdere S.à r.l. which as at 31 December 2020 owned 4.1 per cent. of the share 
capital and 19.2 per cent. of the voting rights in Kinnevik.
As far as the board of directors is aware, there are no shareholder agreements or other agreements between Tele2’s 
shareholders aimed at exercising joint control over the Company and there are no further agreements or similar 
arrangements that may result in any changes in the control over the Company.
Group Structure
Tele2 is, indirectly, the ultimate holding company of all the companies in the Group and its key assets are the 
shares in such companies. It does not conduct any operations and accordingly depends on the income derived 
from the other members of the Group and revenues received from them.

--- Page 66 ---
66
Business of the Group 
Tele2 is a Swedish telecommunication company focused on mobile and fixed connectivity on own 
infrastructure. This is complemented by a number of related services, including TV and play offerings, specific 
Business-to-Business (“B2B”) services and IoT solutions. 
Following a restructure of the Group over the last years, Tele2 now generates a large majority of its revenues 
in Sweden. After the merger with Com Hem in 2018, and the combination of the two brands into the new. Tele2 
is a full-service provider in Sweden with the ability to cater for all of our customers’ telecommunication needs.
The operations in the Baltics continue to be an integral part of the Group. In Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, 
Tele2 mainly focus on mobile connectivity on own infrastructure. 
Following the merger between Tele2 Netherlands and T-Mobile Netherlands which was completed in 2019, 
Tele2 maintains 25 per cent. ownership in the enlarged T-Mobile Netherlands. The Company offers fixed and 
mobile services, including TV in the Netherlands. In September 2021, Tele2 and Deutsche Telekom announced 
the agreement to divest its 25% and 75% respectively of the joint venture in T-Mobile Netherlands to Apax 
Tele2 Treasury AB
Tele2 Estonia
Tele2 Latvia
Tele2 Lithuania
Tele2 AB
Other subsidiaries
Tele2 Sverige AB
Revenue per segment, 2020
Revenue by services, 2020

--- Page 67 ---
67
funds and Warburg Pincus, a private equity consortium. The transaction is subject to customary closing 
conditions, including regulatory approvals and consultation with employee representatives.
The table below specifies the Group’s revenue per segment and by services and provides an overview of the 
different services in each segment.
Revenue by segment and by services, full year 2020
Mobile 
Fixed
Solutions, 
Landlord 
& Other 
Operator, 
Equipment 
& 
Wholesale
Internal 
Sales
Total 
(SEK million)
Sweden Consumer ...............................
5,726
5,840
694
2,665
—
14,926
Sweden Business (including IoT) ........
1,866
980
1,043
2,781
5
6,675
Lithuania..............................................
1,631
—
—
1,131
50
2,812
Latvia...................................................
901
—
—
486
38
1,424
Estonia .................................................
478
24
—
308
8
819
International sales, elimination ............
—
—
—
—
-102
-102
Total....................................................
10,603
6,844
1,737
7,370
—
26,554
Note: Continuing operations
Products and Services
Mobile voice, messaging and data
Tele2 offers mobile telephony and handset related data services in all its markets. These services include:

Mobile voice;

Handset data services, i.e. access to the internet using a mobile handset;

Messaging services such as SMS and MMS; and

Value-added services such as handset insurance, antivirus and content services.
The development of this service area is mainly impacted by increased smartphone penetration and other 
connected devices, increased data consumption as a result of improved quality and capabilities of devices, 
increased use of data intensive applications such as video streaming as well as the improved user experience 
new generations of mobile networks enable.
Fixed broadband and fixed telephony
Tele2 offers fixed broadband and voice services to households and businesses mainly in Sweden. The broadband 
service delivered to households is mainly based on FiberCoax technology, but Tele2 also offers fiber and DSL 
based services in selected areas. 
Fixed broadband services in Sweden are today provided through the Tele2, Comviq and Boxer brands. Each 
brand targets specific segments of the Swedish market, but together cover practically all segments and 
geographical areas in Sweden, including both Multi-Dwelling Units and Single-Dwelling-Units.
The interest in fixed telephony services is declining, although it is still a source of profit for Tele2. With the 
necessary infrastructure already in place, limited investments are required, making fixed telephony a declining 
but profitable business for years to come.

--- Page 68 ---
68
TV & Play services
Tele2 offer TV & Play services through the Tele2, Com Hem Play+ and Boxer brands in Sweden. This includes 
Digital-TV, Over-The-Top (“OTT”) and SVoD (“Subscription Video on Demand”) services and TV services over 
the Swedish Digital Terrestrial network provided by Teracom. In addition, Tele2 provides landlords in Sweden with 
a basic TV offering. 
Mobile broadband
Tele2 offers mobile broadband in most of its markets. Mobile broadband provides high speed connectivity for 
laptops, tablets and routers and is an easy and cost-efficient way to connect to the internet. 
B2B services
Tele2 targets business customers in most of its markets. The typical services offered are:

Mobile telephony and data;

Fixed broadband;

Fixed telephony;

Specific B2B telecommunication services (such as secure and encrypted connections and company-
specific mobile network access points, etc.);

Cloud services (such as voice switching, data centre services, business productivity solutions, etc.); and

Communication as a service, whereby the Group hosts and manages equipment used by the customer 
rather than selling the equipment to the customer.
In Sweden, the Group offers full-scale mobile and fixed business services, to small and large companies as well 
as public institutions.
In October 2016, the Group completed the acquisition of TDC Sweden, which further strengthened the offering 
to Swedish business customers, in particular within the large enterprise segment, and allowed the Group to 
expand its customer offering within, for example, network as a service, unified communication and hardware.
In other markets, the Group offers fixed or mobile business services depending on its infrastructure and 
customer needs.
The Group delivers IoT services through a dedicated business unit, Tele2 IoT, which focuses on European sales 
but with service provisioning capability in a global footprint. 
Through Tele2’s IoT solution, business critical information can be delivered in real time, allowing customers 
to automate events and alarms, manage fleets of vehicles and equipment installed at remote locations, and be 
protected from technological malfunction or fraud, ensuring that they stay on top of their business. In addition, 
the Group’s offering within IoT contains a number of value-added services that support the customer’s 
extraction and enhancement of data from devices, such as:

Customer specific APN/VPN connections (secure data connectivity solutions);

Management of multiple connectivity types and services (connected device management);

Customer branded SIM cards (customer defined graphics on the SIM card); and

Professional services to support customers with customisation or integration to the Tele2 platform.

--- Page 69 ---
69
Overview by business segment
Sweden
2020
2019
Growth
(SEK million)
Revenue........................................................
of which end-user service revenue.................
21,601
16,149
22,415
16,627
-3.6%
-2.9%
Underlying EBITDAaL.................................
7,468
7,398
0.9%
Tele2 Sweden operates a joint 3G network as well as a joint 2G/4G network through two separate joint 
operations, Svenska UMTS-nät AB (together with Telia Company) and Net4Mobility HB (together with 
Telenor). In December 2016, Tele2 and Telenor signed an agreement to build a common nationwide network 
with 5G technology within the scope of the Net4Mobility HB joint operation. The 2G, 3G and 4G networks 
currently cover 90 per cent. of Sweden’s geographical area and 99.9 per cent. of the Swedish population.
Tele2 Sweden (through joint operations mentioned above) holds frequency licenses in the 700, 800, 900, 1800, 
2100, 2600 and 3500 MHz bands.
Through the merger with Com Hem in 2018, Tele2 Sweden offers the Group’s full product range of mobile-, 
fixed telephony, fixed-, mobile broadband and digital entertainment services to the Swedish consumers.
Sweden Consumer
2020
2019
Growth
(SEK million)
Number of RGUs (in thousands) ..................
5,079
5,139
-1.2%
Revenue.......................................................
of which end-user service revenue................
14,926
12,260
15,372
12,450
-2.9%
-1.5%
The Group’s consumer operations in Sweden
Sweden Consumer is the largest segment for the Group in terms of revenue and accounted for 56 per cent. of 
the Group’s revenue in 2020.
During 2020, Sweden Consumer’s revenue amounted to SEK 14,926 million (compared to SEK 15,372 million 
in 2019).
In 2019, following the merger with Com Hem, the Swedish consumer business made a big transition to become 
a full-service provider of mobile, fixed and digital entertainment services. Through cross-selling of mobile 
services to the fixed customer base, cross-selling of fixed services to the mobile customer base, and through 
increased customer loyalty as a result of the broadened service offering, which is expected to reduce customer 
churn, revenue synergies are expected. Sweden Consumer operates under the Tele2, Com Hem Play+, Comviq 
and Boxer brands.
Revenue in the mobile consumer business was negatively impacted compared with the previous year, due to 
the ongoing pandemic. Data consumption continued to grow strongly as an effect of the pandemic, resulting in 
upselling opportunities including upselling to Tele2’s Unlimited offering.
Strategic priorities – Sweden Consumer
In the Sweden Consumer segment, the main focus is on driving Fixed Mobile Convergence (FMC) through the 
more-for-more strategy, with an aim to increase customer satisfaction. With the combination of the Tele2 and 
Com Hem brands into a new Tele2, the initiative to offer mobile customers under the Tele2 brand who were 
previously fixed-line customers under the Com Hem brand gained benefits such as increased speed or data

--- Page 70 ---
70
volume was launched. By continuously improving the customer experience through added services, 
enhancements and upgrades, we will drive growth through churn reduction and price adjustments in the 
premium segment while optimizing our brand portfolio to remain relevant to all customer demographics.
Recent priorities include the combination of the Tele2 brand and Com Hem brand under one new Tele, continued 
data monetisation and maximisation of Tele2 Sweden’s multi brand strategy by positioning Tele2 Sweden as 
the premium choice for a connected life and Comviq as a strong brand in the mid segment.
Sweden Business
2020
2019
Growth
(SEK million)
Number of RGUs (in thousands) ..................
947
920
2.9%
Revenue.......................................................
of which end-user service revenue................
6,675
3,889
7,043
4,177
-5.2%
-6.9%
The Group’s business operations in Sweden
Tele2 offers Swedish businesses full-scale mobile and fixed business services, to small and large companies as 
well as public institutions. In October 2016, the Group completed the acquisition of TDC Sweden, which further 
strengthened the offering to Swedish business customers, in particular within the large enterprise segment, and 
allowed the Group to expand its customer offering within, for example, network as a service, unified 
communication and hardware. Sweden Business operates under the Tele2 brand.
Sweden Business is the second largest segment for the Group in terms of revenue and accounted for 25 per cent 
of the Group’s revenue in 2020.
During 2020, Sweden Business’ revenue amounted to SEK 6,675 million (compared to SEK 7,043 million in 
2019).
Strategic priorities – Sweden Business
Tele2 aims to continue the positive momentum in mobile customer intake in the business segment and monetize 
mobile data through unlimited data offers and cross-selling of fixed and mobile products. The offering of IoT-
services a number of value-added services that support the customers’ needs. Another important priority has 
been continued focus of the B2B segmentation through a multi-segment approach.
Take back market share by offering simplified packages and bundling's. to improve profitability by increasing 
higher margin sale in the SME segment, grow through as-a-service & Mobile bundling’s in the Large segment 
and maintain and defend our Public Segment asset by carefully choosing our new bets and continue delivering 
reliable solutions for a sustainable society.
Lithuania 
2020
2019
Growth
(SEK million)
Number of Mobile RGUs (in thousands) .......
1,884
1,895
-0.6%
Revenue........................................................
of which end-user service revenue.................
2,812
1,631
2,656
1,502
5.9%
8.6%
Underlying EBITDAaL.................................
1,043
957
9.0%

--- Page 71 ---
71
Lithuania is the third largest segment for the Group in terms of revenue and accounted for 11 per cent. of the 
Group’s revenue in 2020. 
Tele2 Lithuania offers mobile voice, messaging and mobile data, mobile broadband and B2B services. Tele2 
Lithuania operates under the Tele2 brand and the Pildyk brand.
Tele2 Lithuania holds frequency licenses in the 800, 900, 1800, 2100 and 2600 MHz bands and operates 2G, 
3G and 4G networks with an average coverage of 99.6 per cent. of the geographical territory of Lithuania.
During 2020, Tele2 Lithuania’s revenue was SEK 2,812 million (compared to SEK 2,656 million in 2019) and 
underlying EBITDAaL amounted to SEK 1,043 million (compared to SEK 957 million in 2019), equivalent to 
an underlying EBITDAaL margin of 37 per cent. (compared to 36.0 per cent. in 2019).
Latvia 
2020
2019
Growth
(SEK million)
Number of Mobile RGUs (in thousands) .......
970
954
1.7%
Revenue........................................................
of which end-user service revenue.................
1,424
901
1,402
857
1.6%
5.1%
Underlying EBITDAaL.................................
556
526
5.7%
The Latvian segment is the fourth largest segment for the Group in terms of revenue and accounted for 5 per
cent. of the Group’s revenue in 2020. 
Tele2 Latvia offers mobile voice, messaging and mobile data, mobile broadband and B2B services. Tele2 Latvia 
operates under the Tele2 brand and the Zelta Zivtina brand.
Tele2 Latvia holds frequency licenses in the 800, 900, 1800, 2100 and 2600 MHz bands as well as in the 3.4-
3.8 GHZ band and operates 2G, 3G and 4G networks with an average coverage of 98.9 per cent. of the 
geographical territory of Latvia.
During 2020, Tele2 Latvia’s revenue amounted to SEK 1,424 million (compared to SEK 1,402 million in 2019) 
and underlying EBITDAaL amounted to SEK 556 million (compared to SEK 526 million in 2019), equivalent 
to an underlying EBITDAaL margin of 39 per cent. (compared to 38.0 per cent. in 2019).
Estonia
2020
2019
Growth
(SEK million)
Number of Mobile RGUs (in thousands) .......
437
437
0.0%
Revenue........................................................
of which end-user service revenue.................
819
503
813
480
0.7%
4.7%
Underlying EBITDAaL.................................
173
162
6.8%
The Estonian segment is the smallest segment for the Group in terms of revenue and accounted for 3 per cent. 
of the Group’s revenue in 2020.
Tele2 Estonia offers mobile voice, messaging and mobile data, mobile broadband and B2B services with a 
limited number of fixed product customers. Tele2 Estonia operates under the Tele2 brand and the Smart brand.
Tele2 Estonia holds frequency licenses in the 800, 900, 1800, 2100 and 2300 mHz bands and operates 2G, 3G 
and 4G networks with a combined coverage of 99.8 per cent. of the geographical territory of Estonia.

--- Page 72 ---
72
During 2020, Tele2 Estonia’s revenue was SEK 819 million (compared to SEK 813 million in 2019) and 
underlying EBITDAaL amounted to SEK 173 million (compared to SEK 162 million in 2019), equivalent to 
an underlying EBITDAaL margin of 21.0 per cent. (compared to 20.0 per cent. in 2019).
Netherlands 
In January 2019 T-Mobile Netherlands acquired Tele2 Netherlands for cash and shares in the combined entity. 
Tele2 owns 25 per cent. of the enlarged T-Mobile Netherland and Deutsche Telekom owns 75 per cent. Tele2 is 
represented in the Supervisory board.
T-Mobile Netherlands offers mobile and fixed line telecommunications services to consumers and businesses 
in the Netherlands. The company has more than 5.7 million mobile subscribers and has following the merger 
continued to grow its mobile telephony and fixed broadband customer base and achieved revenue and 
profitability growth. The company operates under the T-Mobile brand, the Tele2 brand, and a third brand (BEN) 
to serve low revenue consumer segments. 
In July 2020, T-Mobile Netherlands acquired 5G spectrum and later that month the company launched its 5G 
network. 
The company focuses on completing the integrating Tele2 Netherlands business into T-Mobile Netherlands to 
extract synergies and to develop improved customer offerings towards the residential and business segment. 
In September 2021, Tele2 and Deutsche Telekom announced the agreement to divest its 25% and 75% 
respectively of the joint venture in T-Mobile Netherlands to Apax funds and Warburg Pincus, a private equity 
consortium. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and 
consultation with employee representatives.
Board of Directors
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Directors of Tele2, their functions and the principal outside activities (if 
any) performed by them are as follows:
Directors
Role
Principal activities outside the Group
Georgi Ganev1) Non-Executive Director, 
Chairman of the Nomination 
Committee
Chief Executive Officer of Kinnevik AB (publ). 
Member of the Board of Global Fashion Group, Reach 
for Change and Babylon Health.
Carla Smits-
Nusteling
Chairman, Non-Executive 
Director, Member of the Audit 
Committee
Member of the Board of Directors of Nokia Oyj, Non-
Executive Director at Allegro.pl, Trust Office and Lay 
judge of the Enterprise Court of the Amsterdam Court 
of Appeal.
Lars-Åke 
Norling
Non-Executive Director, 
Member of the Remuneration 
Committee and the Audit 
Committee
Chief Executive Officer of Nordnet AB. 
Andrew Barron Deputy Chairman of the Board, 
Non-Executive Director, 
Chairman of the Remuneration 
Committee
Member of the Board of Directors of Ocean Outdoor 
Limited, Verisure AB and Openreach Ltd.
Eva Lindqvist
Non-Executive Director, 
Chairman of the Audit 
Committee
Member of the Board of Directors of SWECO AB 
(publ), NORDLO AB, Acast AB, Bodycote plc and 
Keller Group plc. Elected member of the Royal Swedish 
Academy of Engineering Sciences.

--- Page 73 ---
73
Stina Bergfors
Non-Executive Director,
Member of the Remuneration 
Committee
Member of the Board of Directors of H & M Hennes & 
Mauritz AB, Handelsbanken and Budbee AB. She is 
involved in the Prince Daniel Fellowship at the Royal 
Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences IVA.
Sam Kini
Non-Executive Director,
Member of the Audit 
Committee
Global Vice President Applications & Platforms of 
Unilever.
Notes:
1)
Not independent in relation to Tele2’s major shareholders.
The business address (in respect of Tele2’s business) of each of the above Directors is c/o Box 2094, 103 13, 
Stockholm, Sweden. The Directors are available at Tele2’s main office at Skeppsbron 18, SE-111 30 Stockholm, 
Sweden.
There are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of any Director to Tele2 
and their private interests or other duties.
Legal Proceedings
Tax – Exchange loss deduction
Tele2 was notified in April 2019 that the Swedish Tax Agency has rejected Tele2’s claim for a deduction of an 
exchange loss related to a conversion of a shareholder loan to the joint venture MTS in Kazakhstan from USD 
to Kazakh Tenge in connection with the establishment of Tele2’s divested joint venture in Kazakhstan. The 
additional tax claim amounts to SEK 405 million and a tax surcharge of SEK 182 million. Tele2 has appealed 
the decision. The Tax Agency has thereafter in one of its written submission in September 2019 in the ongoing 
court case declared that it accepts a deduction of parts of the exchange loss, reducing the tax claim with SEK 
164 million and the tax surcharge and interest on that amount. The additional tax claim thereafter amounts to 
SEK 241 million with a tax surcharge and interest of SEK 111 million.
The background is that in conjunction with the forming of Tele2´s joint venture in Kazakhstan with 
Kazakhtelecom in 2015, Kazakhtelecom requested that the parties should finance the joint venture with 
shareholder loans denominated in Kazakh Tenge. Tele2 therefore needed to convert a shareholder loan that 
Tele2 previously had provided to its Kazakh joint venture from USD to Kazakh Tenge. The Kazakh Tenge was 
thereafter weakened compared to Tele2´s accounting currency SEK and Tele2 therefore made a deduction for 
an exchange loss in its tax return for 2015. The Tax Agency is however of the opinion that by executing the 
conversion of the loan Tele2 has voluntarily incurred the exchange loss and that the conversion from USD to 
Kazak Tenge was not commercially motivated. 
Tele2 has appealed the Tax Agency´s decision. 
The Tax Agency has in one of its written submission in the court case declared that it accepts a deduction of parts of 
the exchange loss, reducing the tax claim with 164 MSEK and the tax surcharge and interest on that amount. The 
additional tax claim thereafter amounts to 241.1 MSEK with a tax surcharge and interest of SEK 114.7 million. 
The Administrative Court has in January 2021 passed its judgement in the case and has upheld the Tax Agency´s 
decision but amended with the accepted deduction that has reduced the tax claim to 357.7 million (SEK 241.1 + 
116.6). Tele2 has appealed the judgement to the Administrative Court of Appeals. 
Although there are good legal arguments supporting Tele2´s new appeal, Tele2 has now lost the case both at the Tax 
Agency and in the Administrative Court. Although the final outcome of the dispute is highly uncertain Tele2 therefore

--- Page 74 ---
74
assesses that it is more probable than not that Tele2´s appeal ultimately will be rejected in full. A provision of the full 
amount has therefore been made.
Dispute in Croatia
Tele2 Croatia has as part of its ordinary course of business entered into factoring agreements with Croatian 
banks, whereby Tele2 assigns to the banks some of its accounts receivables relating to third party distribution 
of prepaid vouchers. One of the third-party distributors, Tisak, is part of the Croatian Agrokor Group that has 
faced liquidity and solvency problems. Since one of the Croatian banks have not been able to collect payment 
for assigned and due accounts receivables from Tisak, they have instead started enforcement proceedings 
against Tele2 and has requested Tele2 to pay HRK 41 million (approximately 58 MSEK) plus interest. 
A provision for the dispute has been made with HRK 35 million. In connection with the sale of Tele2 Croatia 
to United Group, Tele2 agreed to indemnify United Group for any negative outcome of the dispute.
Leverage target and shareholder remuneration framework 
On 10 January 2018, together with the announcement of the Merger, Tele2 outlined a preliminary financial 
target framework for Enlarged Tele2. On 23 April 2018, the Board of Directors of Tele2, in agreement with the 
Board of Directors of Com Hem, decided to update the preliminary financial target framework for Enlarged 
Tele2, by introducing new and more specific policies for financial leverage and shareholder remuneration.
In 2019, Tele2’s financial policy was updated to reflect the implementation of the IFRS 16 accounting 
standard applicable as of 1 January 2019.
The financial leverage target and shareholder remuneration framework are as follows:

Tele2 will seek to operate within a range for economic net debt to underlying EBITDaAL of between 
2.5-3.0x and maintain investment grade credit metrics.

Tele2’s policy will aim to maintain target leverage by distributing capital to shareholders through:

an ordinary dividend of at least 80 per cent. of equity free cash flow; and

extraordinary dividends and/or share repurchases, based on remaining equity free cash flow, 
proceeds from asset sales and re-leveraging of underlying EBITDaAL growth.
Market overview of Tele2
Key telecommunication industry trends and drivers in Europe
Tele2 has identified the following key market trends that are expected to continue to influence the 
telecommunications industry and Tele2’s business.
Growing importance of connectivity
In recent years, data consumption has grown significantly due to faster networks, improved smartphones, more
connected devices and, as a result of this, changed customer behaviour. During the COVID-19 pandemic, 
reliable connectivity has proven to be more important than ever.
According to Ericsson, global mobile data traffic is forecasted to grow at a compound annual growth rate
(“CAGR”) of 25 per cent. between 2019 and 2025. Western, Eastern and Central Europe are slightly above the 
global average, with an expected growth of 26-28 per cent. until 2026. 
Tele2 believes that the growing importance of data presents both challenges and opportunities for 
telecommunication operators in the coming years and that the key success factor will be telecommunication

--- Page 75 ---
75
operators’ ability to monetise the strong growth in data traffic whilst catering for the increased demands from 
the customers.
Continued network development and technology innovation
As demand for data increases rapidly in the coming years, telecommunication operators will have to continue 
to be at the forefront in terms of network performance to be able to provide customers with a customer 
experience in line with their expectations. Tele2 expects focus to be on network development around mobile 
and fixed access solutions that enables even faster, more flexible and secure transfer of data. 5G is the key shift 
for mobile networks, which will enable higher throughput, lower latency and a more reliable customer 
experience. The first 5G launches were made in 2018/2019 and is expected to continue to be rolled-out for a 
number of years across the world. For Fixed networks, increased build-out of fiber, as well as modernisation of 
existing coax networks, is expected in many countries to cater for the increased data traffic transfer.
Consolidation
Pressure for consolidation remains high in the European telecommunications industry, in particular as a result 
of high investment needs for network build-out.
Merger notifications in the electronic communications sector have been subject to close scrutiny over the last 
few years at both the Swedish and European Union level. The European Commission closely investigates 
mobile mergers and is prepared to intervene when the executive body sees no direct benefits for end customers. 
In the past, there have been both failed mergers, including Telia Company and Telenor in Denmark in 2015, 
and approved mergers, including Hutchison and Veon in Italy in 2018. In 2020, the European Union’s General 
Court overturned the European Commission’s 2016 decision to block the takeover of O2 by Three in the UK. 
This has increased the industry’s anticipation of further consolidation to support next-generation infrastructure 
roll-outs.
The EC has also assessed fixed-mobile mergers on a number of occasions, however generally with less 
interventions. For example, Tele2’s merger with Com Hem in Sweden 2018 as well as T-Mobile’s acquisition 
of UPC Austria in 2018.
Structural separation and infrastructure monetization
The number of structural separation deals within the Telecom sector is on the rise, where an integrated operator 
separates certain infrastructure into a distinct entity (the “NetCo”). This is driven by the belief that the whole 
can be less than the sum of its parts. Telcos are considering separation as a way to visualize the value of the 
infrastructure, whilst also enabling funding from third parties in the face of the investment-heavy network 
development for both mobile and fixed access solutions. For example, TDC completed their legal separation 
into two entities encompassing services and infrastructure in Denmark in 2019.
Fixed-mobile convergence
Fixed mobile convergence is a growing trend across Europe, with operators combining wireless and fixed 
businesses in countries such as the UK, Germany, Spain and the Netherlands to offer consumers bundled 
telecommunication products. This has been driven by the consumers’ desire to receive services such as mobile, 
broadband and TV from a single operator with an “all-in-one” price. This shift to bundling of products has also 
been seen in other advanced industries recently, where companies combine their services to achieve higher 
sales, improved customer satisfaction and reduced churn.
Internet of Things
The IoT market is experiencing a strong growth that is forecasted to continue over a foreseeable future. Ericsson 
forecast that global IoT connections will increase from 12.4 billion in 2020 to 26.4 billion in 2026. LPWA 
technology will drive the growth in the number of IoT connections, while 4G will be the most popular network 
technology during the coming 5-10 years, according to Analysys Mason. The IoT value chain is composed of 
hardware, connectivity, value added services, system integration and vertical application suppliers.
Viewing preferences and new TV services

--- Page 76 ---
76
Across the industry there has been a general shift of viewing habits for consumers. The amount of content being 
consumed in linear form has been flat or is declining, whilst so called Over-the-top (“OTT”) services and SVoD 
(“Subscription Video on Demand”) have been increasing. Increasing smartphone penetration and smart TVs 
have caused a shift in viewing patterns for customers. According to Ericsson, 66 per cent. of mobile data traffic 
was generated by video services in 2020, and this share is expected to increase to 77 per cent. in 2026. According 
to Analysys Mason, the total retail revenue from OTT video services worldwide will grow at a CAGR of 17 per 
cent. between 2019 and 2025. In terms of subscribers, OTT video will grow at a CAGR of 11 per cent. in the 
same period to 0.94 billion. The number of individual subscriptions will be significantly higher than this as 
many users will subscribe to multiple services, particularly in more-economically developed regions.
Simplification, transformation and cost efficiency 
Since the telecommunications industry is mature with limited growth in the core services, cost efficiency 
becomes one of the key levers to drive increased profitability. To enable this, operators around the world launch 
transformation programmes aimed at simplification and cost reductions. This may include removing legacy 
systems, reducing organisational complexity and introducing modern operating models. While these 
transformations result in reductions of both operational and capital expenditures, they are also aimed at serving 
the customer in the best way possible with an efficient and fast organisation.

--- Page 77 ---
77
INFORMATION ON TELE2 SVERIGE AB 
General 
The Guarantor’s legal and commercial name is Tele2 Sverige AB (“Tele2 Sverige”). Tele2 Sverige was 
incorporated under the laws of Sweden on 31 October 1985 and is a private limited liability company registered 
in Sweden with number 556267-5164. The legislation under which the Guarantor operates is the laws of 
Sweden. The registered office of Tele2 Sverige is at Box 62, SE-164 94, Kista, Sweden, with telephone number 
+46 8 5626 4000.
Tele2 Sverige is the entity through which all Tele2 operations in Sweden are conducted. Tele2 Sverige is 
engaged in fixed and mobile telephony, and provides data networks and internet services. 
Tele2 Sverige’s share capital amounts to SEK 150,000,000 with a total of 1,500,000 shares outstanding at 31 
December 2020. The Issuer is the ultimate parent company of Tele2 Sverige. Tele2 Sverige is, indirectly or 
directly the parent company of all operating subsidiaries within the Group.
Board of Directors
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Directors of Tele2 Sverige, their functions and the principal outside 
activities (if any) performed by them are as follows:
Directors
Role
Principal activities outside Tele2 Sverige
Kjell Johnsen
Chairman, Non-Executive 
Director
Various directorships in companies within the 
Group.
Karin Svensson
Non-Executive Director
Executive Vice President of Tele2, People & 
Change. Various directorships in companies within 
the Group.
Torkel Sigurd
Non-Executive Director
Executive Vice President of Tele2, Corporate 
Affairs. Various directorships in companies within 
the Group.
Peter Landgren 
Öhring
Non-Executive Director
Interim Chief Financial Officer. Various 
directorships in companies within the Group.
The business address (in respect of Tele2 Sverige’s business) of each of the above Directors is Box 62, 164 94, 
Kista, Sweden.
There are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of any Director to Tele2
Sverige and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 78 ---
78
TAXATION
Swedish Taxation
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of Notes. The summary 
is based on the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general 
information only. The summary does not address, inter alia, situations where the Notes are held in an investment 
savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto) or the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, 
payers of interest. Investors should consult their professional tax advisers regarding the Swedish tax and other 
tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation) of 
acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances.
Holders not tax resident in the Kingdom of Sweden
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to 
a holder of Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such a holder (i) is not resident in 
the Kingdom of Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and (ii) does not have a permanent establishment in the 
Kingdom of Sweden to which the Notes are effectively connected. 
Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any principal amount or 
any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes, except for certain payments of interest 
(and other return on Notes) to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) who is resident in 
Sweden for Swedish tax purposes (see “Holders tax resident in the Kingdom of Sweden” below).
Holders tax resident in the Kingdom of Sweden
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) with residence 
in the Kingdom of Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for example, income that is considered 
to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. Specific tax consequences 
may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, for example life insurance companies. Moreover, 
specific tax consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent that, a holder of Notes realises a capital loss 
on a Note due to any currency exchange gains or losses.
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled in the 
Kingdom of Sweden, including a Swedish branch, or in certain cases a clearing institution within the EEA, to 
a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with residence in the Kingdom of Sweden for 
Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by such legal entity on such payments. 
Swedish preliminary taxes should normally also be withheld on other returns on Notes (but not capital gains), 
if the return is paid out together with such a payment of interest referred to above. 
Payments under the Guarantee
If the Guarantor makes any payments under the Guarantee, for Swedish tax purposes such payments will be 
subject to the same tax treatment as if they were made by the Issuer. Please see the relevant section above.
Luxembourg
Withholding tax and self-applied tax
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and with the possible exception of interest paid to certain 
individual Noteholders, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but 
unpaid interest). There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax, with the possible exception of payments made 
to certain individual Noteholders, upon repayment of principal in case of reimbursement, redemption, 
repurchase or exchange of the Notes.
Pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the “Law”), interest payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax 
(the “20 per cent. Luxembourg Withholding Tax”).

--- Page 79 ---
79
In accordance with the Law, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of their private wealth, can 
opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax (the “20 per cent. Tax”) on interest payments made by paying 
agents located in an EU Member State other than Luxembourg, or a Member State of the European Economic 
Area other than an EU Member States. 
The 20 per cent. Luxembourg Withholding Tax or the 20 per cent. Tax represents the final tax liability on interest 
received for the Luxembourg resident individuals receiving the interest payment in the course of their private 
wealth (and can be reduced in consideration of foreign withholding tax, based on double tax treaties concluded 
by Luxembourg). Individual Luxembourg resident Noteholders receiving the interest as business income must 
include this interest in their taxable basis; if applicable, the 20 per cent. Luxembourg Withholding Tax levied 
will be credited against their final income tax liability.
FATCA Withholding
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, uncertain and may be subject to change. Even 
if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes that are 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from these Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
80
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Summary of Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 11
November 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Permanent Dealers and the 
Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the 
Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. 
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers.
Each of the Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in 
connection with the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with 
the Programme. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions 
United States
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except 
in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S, under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”).
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder. The applicable terms of the Bearer Notes will identify 
whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D applies or whether TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or 
sell, or in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the date of closing of the offering within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to 
which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the offer and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S.
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer,

--- Page 81 ---
81
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision:
(i)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
a.
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or
b.
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
c.
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(ii)
the expression an “offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer represents and agrees and each further Dealer under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For 
these purposes:
(a)
a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA UK MiFIR; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant State”) that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed 
by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Relevant State:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 82 ---
82
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as ‘Not 
Applicable’, each Dealer represents and agrees and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in 
the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA.
United Kingdom
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase 
or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell any Notes or distribute any draft or definite document in 
relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in Norway except (i) to "qualified investors" as defined in article 7-

--- Page 83 ---
83
2 (e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC Text with EEA relevance (the "Prospectus Regulation") as incorporated 
to Norwegian law through the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven) section 7-1; or (ii) 
with minimum subscription amount and allotment of at least EUR 100,000 per investor, such that no such offer, 
invitation or sale of the Notes in Norway will result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven) chapter 7 or the Prospectus 
Regulation.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used 
herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed in 
Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or 
deliver any Notes or distribute any copy of this Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy 
except:
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree no. 
58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of 
CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as amended from time to 
time; or 
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of 
the Financial Services Act and Issuers Regulation.
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(i)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
“Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time 
to time; 
(ii)
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(iii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority. 
Investors should note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies under (a) and (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on 
the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement 
rules provided under the Financial Services Act and the Issuers Regulation. Furthermore, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies, the Notes which are initially offered and placed in Italy or abroad to 
professional investors only but in the following year are "systematically" distributed on the secondary market

--- Page 84 ---
84
in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial 
Services Act and Issuers Regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes 
being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for 
any damages suffered by the purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or 
profession.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the 
Subscription Agreement issued in respect of the issue of such Notes or in a supplement to this Prospectus.
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms, in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 85 ---
85
THE DEED OF GUARANTEE
The following is the text of the Deed of Guarantee which has been entered into by Tele2 Sverige.
“This Amended and Restated Deed of Guarantee is made on 25 September 2019 by Tele2 Sverige AB
(the “Guarantor”) in favour of the Holders and the Relevant Account Holders. 
Whereas:
(A)
Tele2 AB (publ) (the “Issuer”) proposed to issue euro medium term notes guaranteed by the 
Guarantor (the “Notes”, which expression shall, if the context so admits, include the Global Notes 
(in temporary or permanent form) to be initially delivered in respect of the Notes and any related 
coupons and talons) pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time dated 25 September 2019 between, among others, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as Fiscal Agent (the “Fiscal 
Agent”).
(B)
The Issuer has, in relation to the Notes issued by it, entered into an amended and restated deed of 
covenant (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 25
September 2019.
(C)
The Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the payment of all sums expressed to be payable from time 
to time by the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the holders of any Notes (the “Holders”) issued 
by it and under the Deed of Covenant to the Relevant Account Holders (the “Guarantee”) and 
entered into a deed of guarantee dated 13 April 2012 (the “Original Deed of Guarantee”), as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, most recently amended and restated by an 
Amended and Restated Deed of Guarantee dated 22 October 2018.
(D)
It has been decided to amend and restate the Original Deed of Guarantee. Therefore, with effect 
from the date hereof, the Original Deed of Guarantee shall for all purposes be amended and 
restated as set out in this Amended and Restated Deed of Guarantee (the “Deed”) and, 
accordingly, this Deed will apply to Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this 
Deed, except those which are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series with Notes 
issued under the Programme before the date of this Deed.
This Deed Witnesses as follows:
1
Interpretation
1.1
Defined Terms: In this Deed, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms shall have the same 
meaning given to them in the Deed of Covenant and the Conditions (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant).
1.2
Headings: Headings shall be ignored in construing this Deed.
1.3
Contracts: References in this Deed to “this Deed” or any other document are to this Deed or these 
documents as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time in relation to the Programme and 
includes any document that amends, supplements or replaces them.
2
Guarantee and Indemnity
2.1
Guarantee: The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees that if the Issuer does not pay 
any sum payable by it under the Deed of Covenant or the Notes by the time and on the date specified 
for such payment (whether on the normal due date, on acceleration or otherwise), the Guarantor shall 
pay that sum to each Holder and each Relevant Account Holder before close of business on that date 
in the city to which payment is so to be made. All payments under this Guarantee by the Guarantor 
shall be made subject to the Conditions.

--- Page 86 ---
86
2.2
Guarantor as Principal Debtor: As between the Guarantor, the Holders and the Relevant Account 
Holders but without affecting the Issuer’s obligations, the Guarantor shall be liable under this 
Guarantee as if it were the sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, its obligations 
shall not be discharged, nor shall its liability be affected, by anything that would not discharge it or 
affect its liability if it were the sole principal debtor, including (1) any time, indulgence, waiver or 
consent at any time given to the Issuer or any other person, (2) any amendment to any other provisions 
of this Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant or the Conditions or to any security or other guarantee or 
indemnity, (3) the making or absence of any demand on the Issuer or any other person for payment, (4) 
the enforcement or absence of enforcement of this Guarantee, the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or of 
any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (5) the taking, existence or release of any security, 
guarantee or indemnity, (6) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of the 
Issuer or any other person or (7) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in any 
provision of this Guarantee, the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or any of the Issuer’s obligations under 
any of them.
2.3
Guarantor’s Obligations Continuing: The Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee are and shall 
remain in full force and effect by way of continuing security until no sum remains payable under the 
Notes, the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee and no further Notes may be issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme. Furthermore, those obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, 
any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of any person, whether from 
the Guarantor or otherwise and may be enforced without first having recourse to the Issuer, any other 
person, any security or any other guarantee or indemnity. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices 
and demands of any kind.
2.4
Exercise of Guarantor’s Rights: So long as any sum remains payable under the Notes, the Deed of 
Covenant or this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall not exercise or enforce any right, by reason of the 
performance of any of its obligations under this Guarantee, to be indemnified by the Issuer or to take 
the benefit of or enforce any security or other guarantee or indemnity.
2.5
Avoidance of Payments: The Guarantor shall on demand indemnify the relevant Holder or Relevant 
Account Holder, on an after tax basis, against any cost, loss, expense or liability sustained or incurred 
by it as a result of it being required for any reason (including any bankruptcy, insolvency, winding-up, 
dissolution or similar law of any jurisdiction) to refund all or part of any amount received or recovered 
by it in respect of any sum payable by the Issuer under the Notes or the Deed of Covenant and shall in 
any event pay to it on demand the amount as refunded by it.
2.6
Debts of Issuer: If any moneys become payable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee, the Issuer 
shall not (except in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer) so long as any such moneys remain unpaid, 
pay any moneys for the time being due from the Issuer to the Guarantor.
2.7
Indemnity: As separate, independent and alternative stipulations, the Guarantor unconditionally and 
irrevocably agrees: (1) that any sum that, although expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the 
Notes, the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee, is for any reason (whether or not now existing and 
whether or not now known or becoming known to the Issuer, the Guarantor, a Holder or a Relevant 
Account Holder) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee shall nevertheless be 
recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and shall be paid by it to the Holder or Relevant 
Account Holder (as the case may be) on demand; and (2) as a primary obligation to indemnify each 
Holder and Relevant Account Holder against any loss suffered by it as a result of any sum expressed 
to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee not being paid on 
the date and otherwise in the manner specified in this Guarantee or in the Conditions or any payment 
obligation of the Issuer under the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee being or becoming 
void, voidable or unenforceable for any reason (whether or not now existing and whether or not now 
known or becoming known to a Holder or a Relevant Account Holder), the amount of that loss being 
the amount expressed to be payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant sum.

--- Page 87 ---
87
2.8
Incorporation of Terms: The Guarantor agrees that it will comply with and be bound by all such 
provisions contained in the Conditions which relate to it.
3
Payments
3.1
Payments Free of Taxes: All payments by the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Kingdom 
of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Guarantor shall pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Holders and Relevant Account Holders of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable:
3.1.1
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder or Relevant Account Holder who is liable to 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of the relevant Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Sweden other than 
the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
3.1.2
in respect of any demand for payment made more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the Holder or Relevant Account Holder would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on making such demand on the thirtieth such day.
Defined terms used in this Clause 3.1 shall have the meanings given to them in the Conditions.
3.2
Stamp Duties: The Guarantor covenants to and agrees with the Holders and Relevant Account Holders 
that it shall pay promptly, and in any event before any penalty becomes payable, any stamp, 
documentary, registration or similar duty or tax payable in the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of 
Sweden, Belgium or Luxembourg, as the case may be, or in the country of any currency in which the 
Notes may be denominated or amounts may be payable in respect of the Notes or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein in connection with the entry into, performance, 
enforcement or admissibility in evidence of this Deed and/or any amendment of, supplement to or 
waiver in respect of this Deed, and shall indemnify each of the Holders and Relevant Account Holders, 
on an after tax basis, against any liability with respect to or resulting from any delay in paying or 
omission to pay any such tax, unless the documents relating to the Deed are voluntarily registered in 
Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires obligatory registration in Luxembourg.
4
Limitations
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be limited, if (and only if) required by the 
mandatory provisions of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) (the 
“Swedish Companies Act”) regulating unlawful distribution of assets and transfer of value (Chapter 
17, Sections 1 to 4) (or its equivalent from time to time) and the liability of the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee will exist only to the extent permitted by the above mentioned provisions of the Swedish 
Companies Act.
5
Amendment and Termination
The Guarantor may not amend, vary, terminate or suspend this Guarantee or its obligations hereunder 
unless such amendment, variation, termination or suspension shall have been approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions specified in the Notes apply to the 
holders of each series of Notes outstanding, save that nothing in this Clause shall prevent the Guarantor 
from increasing or extending its obligations hereunder by way of supplement to this Guarantee at any 
time.
6
General
6.1
Benefit: This Guarantee shall enure for the benefit of the Holders and the Relevant Account Holders.

--- Page 88 ---
88
6.2
Deposit of Guarantee: The Guarantor shall deposit this Deed with the Fiscal Agent, to be held by the 
Fiscal Agent until all the obligations of the Guarantor have been discharged in full. The Guarantor 
acknowledges the right of each Holder and each Relevant Account Holder to the production of, and to 
obtain a copy of, this Deed.
7
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
7.1
Governing Law: This Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, save that the provisions of Clause 
4 relating to limitation of the obligations of the Guarantor are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Swedish law.
7.2
Jurisdiction: The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with this Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with this Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Guarantor irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts 
whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. This Clause is for the benefit of each of the Relevant Account Holders and each 
of the Holders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
7.3
Agent for Service of Process: The Guarantor irrevocably appoints Business Sweden of 5 Upper 
Montagu Street, London, W1H 2AG as its agent in England to receive service of process in any 
Proceedings in England based on this Deed. If for any reason the Guarantor does not have such an 
agent in England, it shall promptly appoint a substitute process agent and notify the Noteholders of 
such appointment in accordance with the Conditions. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law.
In witness whereof the Guarantor has caused this Deed to be duly delivered as a deed on the date stated at the 
beginning.
TELE2 SVERIGE AB
By:

--- Page 89 ---
89
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
Final Terms dated [●]

--- Page 90 ---
90
Tele2 AB (publ)
Legal entity identifier: 213800EKD193RVI9HL76
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €5,000,000,000
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme guaranteed by 
Tele2 Sverige AB
Legal entity identifier: 213800PP7RCOOKTCKJ34
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth in the Prospectus dated 11 November 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus has been published on www.tele2.com.]
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a base prospectus with an earlier date.
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth in the Prospectus dated 29 April 2016/22 October 2018/25 September 2019/22 October 2020 which are 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 11 November 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Prospectus dated 11 November 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation the (“Base Prospectus”), save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the Prospectus dated [29 April 2016/22 October 2018/25 September 2019/22 October 2020]
[and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]].The Base Prospectus has been published on www.tele2.com.]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted. Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.]
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions, is set out below:
1
(i)
Series Number:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]
(iii)
Date on which the Notes become fungible:
[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert amount, interest rate, 
maturity date and issue date of the Series] on 
[insert date]/[the Issue Date]/[exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in
paragraph 21 below which is expected to occur 
on or about [insert date]].]/[Not Applicable]
2
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]

--- Page 91 ---
91
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes:
[●]
[(i)]
Series:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[●]]
4
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
5
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]/[€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No 
notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above €199,000]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
6
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
7
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year]
8
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] +/– [●] 
per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(further particulars specified below)
(See paragraph [13/14/15] below)
9
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of the 
nominal amount
[This figure cannot be below 100 per cent.]
10
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there]/[Not Applicable]
11
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]
[Change of Control Put Option]
[(further particulars specified below)]
12
[(i)]
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
[and Guarantee] obtained:
[●] [and [●], respectively]]
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year 
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 92 ---
92
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)][Actual/Actual-ICMA]
(vi)
[Determination Dates:
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]]]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iv) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in 
(v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]]
(iii)
First Interest Payment Date:
[●]
(iv)
Interest Period Date:
[Not Applicable]/ [[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to
any adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable]
(vi)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined:
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ 
ISDA 
Determination]
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[●]
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:
– Reference Rate:
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]
– Interest Determination Date(s):
[●]

--- Page 93 ---
93
– Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
– Floating Rate Option:
[●]
– Designated Maturity:
[●]
– Reset Date:
[●]
(xi)
[Linear Interpolation:
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]
(xii)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
16
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply]
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 94 ---
94
(iv)
Notice period
[●] days
17
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply]
(iii)
Notice period
[●] days
18
Change of Control Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Redemption Amount(s) of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
19
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount
20
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default or other early redemption:
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21
Form of Notes:
Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
Registered Notes:
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]]
22
[New Global Note]/[Note held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure]:
[Yes] [No]
23
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest periods for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
sub-paragraph 14(iv) relates]

--- Page 95 ---
95
24
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature):
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able 
to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] / [Not Applicable.]
Signed on behalf of Tele2 AB (publ):
By: .........................................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of Tele2 Sverige AB:
By: .........................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 96 ---
96
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing and admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market with effect 
from [●].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to [specify listing venue] and to be 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated]/[The Notes are not expected to be 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]]:
[S & P: [●]]
[Moody’s: [●]]     
[[Fitch: [●]]
[[Other]: [●]]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.]
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable:
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU or 
the United Kingdom and (ii) registered under 
the CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EU or the United Kingdom and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”).
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU or 
the United Kingdom, (ii) not registered under

--- Page 97 ---
97
the CRA Regulation; but (iii) has applied for 
registration:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EU or the United Kingdom and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”), although 
notification of the registration decision has not 
yet been provided.
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU or 
the United Kingdom; and (ii) has not applied 
for registration is not registered under the 
CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EU or the United Kingdom and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/ 2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”).
Option 4: CRA is not established in the EU or 
the United Kingdom but the relevant rating is 
endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EU or the United Kingdom but the rating it 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”).
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU or 
the United Kingdom and the relevant rating is 
not endorsed under the CRA Regulation, but 
the CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EU or the United Kingdom but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”).
Option 6: CRA is neither established in the EU
or the United Kingdom nor certified under the 
CRA Regulation and the relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EU or the United Kingdom and is not 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
(the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit

--- Page 98 ---
98
rating agency established in the EU or the United 
Kingdom
and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]/[Not Applicable]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under the Regulation.)]
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer/use of proceeds:
[●] / [General corporate purposes]/[Green 
Bonds: an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
the issue of the Notes will be allocated to 
finance Eligible Green Projects ([set out any
further required information here])]. See "Use 
of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus and the 
Issuer's Green Finance Framework].
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
5
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
6
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
FISN:
CFI Code:
[●]
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable]
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable]
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be 
“Not Applicable”)
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 99 ---
99
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[●]/[Not Applicable]
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ [No. Whilst the designation is 
specified as “no” at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper) [include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]
7
DISTRIBUTION
(i) Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii) If syndicated:
       (A) Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
       (B) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iv) US Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
[Applicable/Not applicable]1
                                                       
1
A KID may be produced for a particular issue under the programme and the issuer may want to restrict its obligation to update 
the KID to a certain period of time, consider also including the following option: “Not Applicable [from [specify date] until 
[specify date or a formula such as “the Issue Date” or “the date which falls [ ] Business Days thereafter]”, in which case the 
selling restriction and legend wording will also need to be amended to reflect the fact that they will apply outside of the time 
period specified as “Not Applicable” in the final terms.

--- Page 100 ---
100
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified.  If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products, “Applicable should be 
specified.)
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
[Applicable/Not applicable]2
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified.  If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products, “Applicable should be 
specified.)
                                                       
2
A KID may be produced for a particular issue under the programme and the issuer may want to restrict its obligation to update 
the KID to a certain period of time, consider also including the following option: “Not Applicable [from [specify date] until 
[specify date or a formula such as “the Issue Date” or “the date which falls [ ] Business Days thereafter]”, in which case the 
selling restriction and legend wording will also need to be amended to reflect the fact that they will apply outside of the time 
period specified as “Not Applicable” in the final terms.

--- Page 101 ---
101
GENERAL INFORMATION
(1)
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market.
(2)
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary external consents, approvals and 
authorisations in the Kingdom of Sweden (if any) in connection with the issue and performance of the 
Notes and (in the case of the Guarantor) the giving of the Guarantee. The establishment of the 
Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer and passed on 6 February 2012 and 
the giving of the Guarantee by the Guarantor was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Guarantor 
and passed on 10 April 2012. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer passed on 3 September 2019 and by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Guarantor passed on 3 September 2019.
(3)
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, the Guarantor or of the Group 
since 31 December 2020.
(4)
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or 
the Group since 30 September 2021, or of the Guarantor since 31 December 2020.
(5)
Save as disclosed in the section entitled “The Group is involved in legal proceedings that may disrupt 
the Issuer’s operations and the Issuer’s reporting of financial results” on page 8 of this Base Prospectus
and the section entitled “Legal Proceedings” on page 73 of this Base Prospectus, none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any other member of the Group is nor has it been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer or Guarantor is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may 
have or has had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer,
the Guarantor or the Group.
(6)
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year and any Coupon and Talon with respect to 
such a Bearer Note will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation 
will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided 
in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”.
(7)
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records for Notes). The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of such Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
(8)
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions.
(9)
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 213800EKD193RVI9HL76. The Legal Entity Identifier 
of the Guarantor is 213800PP7RCOOKTCKJ34.
(10)
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer's long-term credit rating by S&P is BBB. The Guarantor has 
no public credit rating.
(11)
The website of the Issuer is www.tele2.com. The information on www.tele2.com does not form part of 
this Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.
Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the website of the Issuer has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority.

--- Page 102 ---
102
(12)
The website of the Guarantor is www.tele2.com. The information on www.tele2.com does not form part 
of this Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the website of the Guarantor has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority.
(13)
For the period of at least 10 years following the date of this Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available
on the website of the Issuer
(https://www.tele2.com/investors/debt-financing/emtn-
programme):
(i)
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, 
the 
Certificates, 
the 
Coupons
and 
the 
Talons)
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/agency_agreement_2019.pdf);
(ii)
the Deed of Covenant (https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/deed_of_covenant_2019.pdf);
(iii)
the Deed of Guarantee (https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/deed_of_guarantee_2019.pdf);
(iv)
the 
constitutional 
documents 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Guarantor
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/constitutional_documents_tele2_ab_2020.pdf) 
and 
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/constitutional_documents_tele2_sverige_ab_2020.pdf);
(v)
the published annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2019
and 31 December 2020, respectively
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/reports/annual-reports/2019/annual-report-
2019-final.pdf) and (https://www.tele2.com/files/Main/3372/3313796/release.pdf);
(vi)
the published annual report and audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, respectively
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/annual_report_tele2_sverige_ab_2019.pdf) 
and 
(https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/annual_report_tele2_sverige_ab_2020.pdf);
(vii)
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the nine months ended 
30 September 2021 (https://www.tele2.com/files/Main/3372/3435356/tele2---quarterly-report-
q3-2021.pdf);
(viii)
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area nor offered in 
the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by 
a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity);
(ix)
a copy of this Prospectus (https://www.tele2.com/files/globalassets/documents/investors/dept-
financing/2021_base_prospectus.pdf) together with any Supplement to this Prospectus or further 
Prospectus; and
(x)
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Prospectus.

--- Page 103 ---
103
This Prospectus, the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
(14)
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or 
Guarantor’s business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s or Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders 
in respect of the Notes being issued.
(15)
Copies of the latest annual consolidated financial statements and the latest interim consolidated accounts 
of the Issuer and the latest annual non-consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor may be 
obtained, and copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee will 
be available for inspection, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business 
hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
(16)
Deloitte AB of Rehnsgatan 11, SE-113-79 Stockholm have audited, and rendered unqualified audit 
reports on, (i) the 2020 and 2019 Issuer’s Annual Report and (ii) the 2020 and 2019 Guarantor’s Annual 
Reports. Deloitte AB is regulated by the Swedish Inspectorate of Auditors (Revisorsinspektionen).
(17)
The yield for any particular Series of Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
will be calculated on the basis of the compound annual rate of return if the relevant Notes were to be 
purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. The yield specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of a Series of Fixed Rate Notes will not be indication of future yield.
(18)
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and perform services for, or provided financing to, the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the
Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and/or for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of each of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or 
their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the Guarantor routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer or the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term 
‘affiliates’ includes parent companies.
(19)
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Prospectus does not form part of this 
Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.

--- Page 104 ---
104
Registered Office of the Issuer
Registered Office of the Guarantor
Tele2 AB (publ)
P.O. Box 2094
SE-10313 Stockholm
Tele2 Sverige AB
P.O. Box 62
SE-164 94 Kista
Dealers
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking
Via Manzoni 4
20121 Milan
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Federal Republic of Germany
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank
12, Place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France
Danske Bank A/S
Holmens Kanal 2-12
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark
DNB Bank ASA
Dronning Eufemias gt 30
N-0021 Oslo
Kingdom of Norway
ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7
1102 BD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Nordea Bank Abp
Satamaradankatu 5
Helsinki
FI-00020 Nordea
Finland
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8
SE-106 40 Stockholm
Sweden
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)
Blasieholmstorg 11
SE-106 70 Stockholm
Sweden
Swedbank AB (publ)
SE-105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy
L-1855 Luxembourg

--- Page 105 ---
105
Luxembourg Listing Agent
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy
L-1855 Luxembourg
Auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor
Deloitte AB
Rehnsgatan 11
SE-113-79 Stockholm
Sweden
Legal Advisers
to the Issuer and the Guarantor
Advokatfirman Vinge KB
Smålandsgatan 20
SE-111 87 Stockholm
Legal Advisers to the Dealers
as to English law
as to Swedish law
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
England
Linklaters LLP
Regeringsgatan 67
P.O Box 7833
SE-103 98 Stockholm