--- Page 1 ---
10243808961-v12 
- i - 
36-41043641 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 16 DECEMBER 2022 
 
 
Teleperformance SE 
(a Societas Europaea incorporated in France) 
€4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this document (the “Base Prospectus”), 
Teleperformance SE (“Teleperformance” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at 
any time exceed €4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) and may be denominated in any currency. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto, each a “Supplement”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus has 
been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and received the approval no. 22-489 on 16 December 2022. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to the regulated market of Euronext Paris (“Euronext Paris”) for the period of twelve (12) months from the 
date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State, provided 
that the Base Prospectus is completed by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following 
the occurrence of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including 
information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect investors’ assessment of the Notes. After 16 December 
2023, the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Euronext Paris is a regulated market (a “Regulated 
Market”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“EU MiFID II”). However, Notes 
that are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes 
will be listed and admitted to trading and if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) 
and as specified in the Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
(given that any exemption regime, as set out in the EU Prospectus Regulation, could apply in contemplation of the relevant issue) will 
be at least €100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) based on the prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of such Notes and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”), as more 
fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (a) in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date 
in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders 
(as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (b) in registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the 
relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed 
in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form 
without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. 
Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where

--- Page 2 ---
10243808961-v12 
- ii - 
36-41043641 
 
applicable, coupons for interest and talons attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) day after the issue 
date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes” 
below) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of 
a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside 
a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme is currently unrated. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term 
debt is currently rated BBB (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As such, 
S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant 
Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. S&P is not established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and is not registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”). The ratings of S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the then prevailing market 
conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus, any document containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, any supplement 
to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA 
will be available for viewing on the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org) (except for documents incorporated by reference 
other than the 2021 URD and the 2020 URD), on the Issuer’s website (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/en-us/) and 
may be obtained, during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and each of the Paying Agents (as defined 
herein). 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” prior to 
purchasing any Notes. 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers 
BBVA 
Barclays 
BNP Paribas 
CIC Market Solutions  
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
J.P. Morgan 
MUFG 
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Wells Fargo Securities

--- Page 3 ---
10243808961-v12 
- iii - 
36-41043641 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, and 
has been prepared for the purpose of giving information with regard to Teleperformance SE (the “Issuer”), the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group”) and the Notes and according to the particular nature of 
the Issuer and the Notes, contains the necessary information which is material to investors for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights 
attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and, each of which shall 
be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, 
should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
together comprising a prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The information on any websites included in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. No person has been authorised to give any 
information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General 
Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or of the 
Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its 
financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines 
and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and 
substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”) or Eurostat, as the case may be, and the INSEE or Eurostat, 
makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from 
the use of any of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which such indices stand at any particular time. The 
Inflation Indices are determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, without 
regard to the Issuer or the Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, is not responsible for or has not 
participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes to be issued 
or in the determination or calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the Inflation 
Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire,

--- Page 4 ---
10243808961-v12 
- iv - 
36-41043641 
 
non-public information with respect to the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the context of Inflation 
Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any such persons 
to disclose to the Noteholders or any other party such information (whether or not confidential). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and none of this Base Prospectus, any 
Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and 
to observe any such restriction. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, France, Hong Kong and Singapore. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale” below. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and the Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer 
form, delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”)). 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “EU MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor” as defined in EU MiFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purposes of the EU MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purposes of the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an EU 
MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under EU MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market

--- Page 5 ---
10243808961-v12 
- v - 
36-41043641 
 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Acts 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) – The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” which will state the 
product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
(the “SFA”). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes 
being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available 
for financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential investors are warned that the tax laws of the 
investor’s jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of incorporation) might have an impact on the income 
received from the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual 
taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a 
position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.

--- Page 6 ---
10243808961-v12 
- vi - 
36-41043641 
 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial transactions 
tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax is still uncertain 
as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar tax is adopted, 
transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be 
diminished. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions 
(including France) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any other 
person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.  
A rating assigned to the Notes by any rating agency is based on the Issuer’s financial situation, but takes into 
account other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the Notes, and 
reflects only the views of the rating agency. The rating may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. The rating addresses the likelihood of full and timely payment to the Noteholders of all payments of interest 
on each interest payment date and repayment of principal on the final payment date. There is no assurance that 
any such rating will continue for any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or 
withdrawn entirely by the rating agency as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating 
agency’s judgement, circumstances so warrant. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating are not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or 
the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.  
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or 
accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base 
Prospectus or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the 
Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of 
Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the sustainability-linked nature of any Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment or verification of the

--- Page 7 ---
10243808961-v12 
- vii - 
36-41043641 
 
Key Performance Indicators or the Sustainability Performance Targets selected by the Issuer or if such indicators 
are relevant for the Issuer’s business nor if they are challenging enough for the Issuer and their impact, or for 
monitoring the Issuer’s performance in connection with such Key Performance Indicators or such Sustainability 
Performance Targets selected by the Issuer for any such Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in financing, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member 
State of the EEA.

--- Page 8 ---
10243808961-v12 
- viii - 
36-41043641 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 10 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 23 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER’S SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY .................................................... 29 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ..................................................................................................... 35 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................ 36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 37 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ....... 102 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 103 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .................................................................................................................... 104 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 111 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS........................................................................................................................ 117 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 134 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......... 137

--- Page 9 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 1 - 
36-41043641 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary within the meaning of the EU Prospectus Regulation or any implementing 
regulation thereof. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions. 
Issuer:  
Teleperformance SE  
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 
9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.teleperformance.com   
Description:  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of 
Notes (the “Programme”). 
Arranger:  
BNP Paribas 
Dealers:  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe, S.A. 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time.

--- Page 10 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 2 - 
36-41043641 
 
 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time to 
time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Société Générale 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: 
Aether Financial Services 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche will be set out in a final terms to this Base 
Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from seven (7) calendar days from the date 
of original issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, US Dollars, Japanese yen, 
Swiss francs, Sterling and in any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of EU MiFID II (a “Regulated Market”) in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained 
in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 
or its equivalent. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in respect of principal, 
interest and other amounts, will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves and 
(subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under 
French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future

--- Page 11 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 3 - 
36-41043641 
 
unsubordinated and unsecured financial obligations of the Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding.  
Negative Pledge: 
Noteholders will have the benefit of a negative pledge in respect of 
the Notes as set out in Condition 4. See “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Events of Default: 
(including cross default) 
Noteholders will have the benefit of events of default and a cross-
default in respect of the Notes as set out in Condition 9. See “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default”. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws 
and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) 
having a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make-
Whole Redemption Option”, “Residual Maturity Call Option”, 
“Squeeze-Out Call Option” and “Redemption on Acquisition Event” 
below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons.  
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a Change of 
Control: 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, following the occurrence of a Put Event, the Noteholders will 
be entitled to request the Issuer to redeem the Notes, or, at the 
Issuer’s option, procure the purchase of their Notes. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
following a Change of Control”. 
Make-Whole Redemption Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole 
or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity 
Date at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount. The Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the 
nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal, interest or other amounts payable (in particular, with 
respect to Sustainability-Linked Notes (i) the applicable Step Up 
Margin from the relevant Interest Step Up Payment Date and/or (ii) 
the applicable Premium Payment Amount from the relevant

--- Page 12 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 4 - 
36-41043641 
 
Premium Payment Date, on the assumption that the Issuer will fail 
to satisfy the Sustainability Performance Targets on the Target 
Observation Date, unless either or both Sustainability Performance 
Targets (as the case may be) have been achieved for the most recent 
Sustainability Period prior to the Make-Whole Call Notice for which 
an Assurance Report is available (as set out in such Assurance Report 
and as confirmed by an SPT Verification Assurance Certificate), in 
which case (a) if both Sustainability Performance Targets have been 
satisfied, no Step Up Margin or Premium Payment Amount shall be 
taken into account and (b) if only one Sustainability Performance 
Target has been satisfied, the Intermediate Step Up Margin and/or, 
as the case may be, the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount, 
shall apply) on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the 
Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date 
from the relevant Maturity Date or, as the case may be, the Call 
Option Date if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms at the Redemption 
Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on 
the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the Call Option 
Date, which shall be no earlier than (i) three (3) months before the 
Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than 
ten (10) years or (ii) six (6) months before the Maturity Date in 
respect of Notes having a maturity of more than ten (10) years, until 
the Maturity Date. 
Squeeze-Out Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any 
other percentage above as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Squeeze-Out Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or 
purchased and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, 
redeem the Notes in whole but not in part at their Squeeze-Out 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Acquisition Event Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if an Acquisition Event 
occurs, the Issuer may redeem all the Notes or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, some only. See “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Redemption on Acquisition Event”.

--- Page 13 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 5 - 
36-41043641 
 
Taxation in respect of the Notes: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied or collected by or on behalf of France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. 
 
If such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will have 
to gross-up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law 
and subject to certain exceptions.  
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons could be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA. There will be 
no grossing up provision and, accordingly, no early redemption 
whatsoever in case of any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to FATCA. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual 
periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) or the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, each as amended, supplemented and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes; or 
 
(b) by reference to SARON, SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR or CMS 
Rate (or such other benchmark as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms),  
in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin.  
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the 
sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the interest 
payable is discontinued, the Conditions of the Notes provide a 
methodology to determine the successor or alternative rates.

--- Page 14 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 6 - 
36-41043641 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms 
from a Fixed to a Floating, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in 
the Final Terms.  
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
Step Up Option 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes issued by the Issuer may be subject to a Step Up Option if the 
relevant Final Terms indicate that the Step Up Option is applicable. 
If the Step Up Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and a Step Up Event occurs, the Rate of Interest (or the 
applicable Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) for each 
Interest Period from and including the Interest Payment Step Up 
Date until the Maturity Date, shall be the sum of the Initial Rate of 
Interest (or the initial Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) and 
the applicable Step Up Margin. For the avoidance of doubt, an 
increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in 
respect of a Series of Notes.  
Premium Payment Option 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes issued by the Issuer may be subject to a Premium Payment if 
the relevant Final Terms indicate that the Premium Payment is 
applicable. The Issuer shall pay in respect of each Note of a Series 
an amount equal to the applicable Premium Payment Amount on the 
Premium Payment Date if a Premium Trigger Event has occurred. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
and/or the principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by 
reference to an inflation index ratio derived from either: 
(i) 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published 
monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques; or 
(ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco, or 
the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat. 
Redenomination:  
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU or of 
the UK which will participate in the single currency of the EMU may 
be redenominated into Euro, all as more fully provided in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title and 
Redenomination” below.  
Consolidation:  
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Further Issues and Consolidation”.

--- Page 15 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 7 - 
36-41043641 
 
Form of Notes:  
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (“Dematerialised 
Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”).  
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer be issued in 
bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either 
fully registered (au nominatif pur) or administrated registered (au 
nominatif administré) form. 
 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised Notes 
are to be issued in bearer form only, or in registered (including both 
fully registered (nominatif pur) and administrated registered 
(nominatif administré)) form only. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France. 
Governing Law:  
French law. 
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France in relation to Dematerialised Notes. 
Clearing Systems:  
Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system (provided 
proper clearing and settlement procedures have previously been put 
in place) that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes:  
At least one (1) Paris Business Day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable relating to 
such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes:  
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, 
the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche 
shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be delivered 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of such 
delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Listing and Admission to Trading:  
The Regulated Market of Euronext Paris (“Euronext Paris”) or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes 
may or may not be listed and admitted to trading. 
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms related to the Notes listed and admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published on the websites 
of the Issuer (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/) 
and of the Autorité des marches financiers (“AMF”) (www.amf-

--- Page 16 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 8 - 
36-41043641 
 
france.org). The Final Terms will indicate where the Base 
Prospectus may be obtained.  
Representation of the Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse 
(in each case, the “Masse”). 
The 
Masse 
will 
act 
in 
part 
through 
a 
representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of 
the Noteholders. The names and addresses of the Representative will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any 
Series of the Notes will be the representative of the single Masse of 
all Tranches in such Series. 
Selling Restrictions:  
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and 
Sale”.  
 
The Notes to be issued qualify under Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code) (the “D Rules”) unless the relevant 
Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in 
compliance with US Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) 
(the “C Rules”), or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than 
in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances 
in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstance will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes. 
Rating:  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term debt of the 
Issuer is currently rated BBB (stable outlook) by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
published 
on 
the 
ESMA’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings 
are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European

--- Page 17 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 9 - 
36-41043641 
 
Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Credit ratings 
are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
relevant rating organisation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
S&P is not established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”), nor is it 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The 
ratings of S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not 
been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.

--- Page 18 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 10 - 
36-41043641 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the risk factors set out below 
are limited to those that are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and material to an informed investor’s decision 
to invest in the Notes. These risks are ranked and presented in decreasing order of importance within each 
category (and in no particular order of importance between categories). 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors should read 
the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer  
The risks that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations issued under the Programme, are set out in 
particular on pages 48 to 59 of the 2021 URD (as defined in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” 
below) of the Issuer incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as set out in the section “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus, and the categories and headings of each risk factor is set out 
below. 
• 
Strategic risks 
• 
Operating risks 
• 
Legal and regulatory risks 
• 
Financial risks 
Risk factors relating to the Notes  
The following is a description of risk factors in relation to the Notes which set out the most material risks (in 
descending order of importance), taking into account the negative impact of such risks on the Issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence. Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about 
risks associated with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light 
of their particular circumstances. 
1 
Risk Factors relating to all Series of Notes 
(a) 
Economic and financial Risks 
Credit Risk 
Since the Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer as contemplated in Condition 3 (Status of the 
Notes), benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely 
on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The Issuer has been assigned a 
long-term credit rating of BBB (stable outlook) by S&P, and the value of the Notes will depend on 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the level of such credit rating (as may be impacted by the risks 
relating to the Issuer described above). If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential 
adverse impact on the Noteholders could be very significant because (i) the Issuer may not be able to 
fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may 
decrease, in particular if the credit rating deteriorates, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their 
investment.

--- Page 19 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 11 - 
36-41043641 
 
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other 
Regulated Market as may be agreed with the Issuer, provided that a passporting application may be 
made for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus by the 
AMF, for the Notes to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
However, Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely 
distributed and for which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular 
Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes 
which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount 
to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. 
In relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated 
Market, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading 
price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected as Noteholders may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that would provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. 
This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The 
degree of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of 
the Notes where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such 
circumstances, the impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely 
have to be resold at a discount to the nominal value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and 
competing products are introduced in the markets in such circumstances where there is no trading 
market for the Notes, this may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Market Value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of 
additional factors, including the value of an index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of an 
index, market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and 
application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market. 
The value of the Notes or the Inflation Indices depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France, in the United Kingdom (including Brexit) or 
elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which 
the Notes are traded. The historical level of the Inflation Index is not an indication of such index’s 
future performance during the term of any Note. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell 
the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or 
the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in losing part of their investment in the Notes.  
Exchange Rates risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a “Specified 
Currency”). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify

--- Page 20 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 12 - 
36-41043641 
 
exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic 
and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability 
of the Specified Currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or 
principal in respect of such Note. If this risk were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial 
activities are carried out or dependent principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant 
Specified Currency could be negatively impacted. As a result, investors might receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or, at worst, no interest or principal. 
(b) 
Legal Risks 
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a societas europaea incorporated in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, applicable 
as from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of 
adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this ordonnance, 
“affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in 
separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a 
restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests 
with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders 
will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they 
will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, 
the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) 
and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse 
effect on the market value of each Series of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any 
decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the 
Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover 
all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Modification and Waivers 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) contains provisions for calling General Meetings of 
Noteholders or consulting them by way of Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not participate in the relevant General Meeting or Written Resolutions and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. General Meetings or Written Resolutions 
may deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the conditions of the Notes subject to 
the limitation provided by French law and the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 21 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 13 - 
36-41043641 
 
While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Terms and Conditions will need to be amended 
by way of a Collective Decision during the life of the Notes, if it were necessary it is possible that a 
majority of Noteholders could adopt a Collective Decision that would modify the Terms and 
Conditions in a way that could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, for example by waiving 
certain rights temporarily or permanently or by amending the financial conditions of the Notes and 
reducing their yield for Noteholders. These amendments could in turn have the effect of reducing the 
market value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, in accordance with Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders), Article L.228-65 I 1° 
and 6° of the French Code de commerce (only in respect of the modification of the Issuer’s corporate 
purposes) is excluded. As a consequence, no General Meeting will be held nor Written Resolutions 
will be taken in relation to a change of the Issuer’s corporate purposes or corporate form as well as 
any transfer of the registered office of the Issuer, which is a societas europaea incorporated in France, 
into another Member State of the EU, and such changes may adversely affect the liquidity of the 
Notes and Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes on the market. 
2 
Risk Factors relating to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may 
carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter 
alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
(a) 
Risk Factors relating to the Interest payable on the Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest (“Fixed Rate Notes”) involves the risk that if 
market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid in the Fixed Rate Notes, this may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the 
Issuer to issue Fixed Rate Notes to Noteholders (see Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)). 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is specified in the relevant Final Terms and is 
determined for the term of such Note or a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market 
Interest Rate”) typically varies on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the 
Fixed Rate Note on the secondary market varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate 
increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note 
equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a 
Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the 
Market Interest Rate. Movements of the Market Interest Rate are hard to anticipate and can adversely 
affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Movements in the Market Interest Rate could have a very significant impact on the Noteholders as 
selling the Notes during a period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes 
could cause the Noteholders to lose part of the capital they had invested. This risk is exacerbated by 
the fact that the Market Interest Rate typically varies on a daily basis, as mentioned above. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes  
A key difference between Notes that bear interest at a floating rate of interest (“Floating Rate Notes”) 
and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. The Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Floating Rate Notes to Noteholders (see 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes)). The floating rate of 
interest is comprised of a reference rate and a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, 
from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes 
but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate

--- Page 22 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 14 - 
36-41043641 
 
(e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general 
market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, 
particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate. This stated volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income 
paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes (“Fixed/Floating Rate Notes”) with a 
fixed rate of interest that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 
5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)). Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. The 
conversion (whether it be automatic or optional) of the interest rate may affect the secondary market 
and the market value of the Notes since the conversion may produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. 
If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. The conversion from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but 
any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” 
and “Floating Rate Notes”. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bond 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes (“Zero Coupon Notes”) 
pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Zero Coupon Notes). Changes in market interest rates have a substantially 
stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the 
discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon 
Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due 
to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly 
high price risk. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate 
Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes), the relevant Final Terms for 
a Series of Floating Rate Notes will specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined 
by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Constant Maturity Swap rate 
(“CMS Rate”) and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” which are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to change their methodology or other terms, to 
disappear entirely or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences

--- Page 23 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 15 - 
36-41043641 
 
could have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity, market value of and return on any Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”), among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal 
with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR or CMS Rate) by 
conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission 
or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provisions 
or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For 
instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for 
Floating Rate Notes) a benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which 
significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in 
cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may be designated. This 
replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes 
issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable 
benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory 
provisions as implementing acts must be adopted.  
 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the 
end of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR and CMS 
Rate): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such 
“benchmarks”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) 
lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Floating Rate Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
If a benchmark is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked 
to such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable 
to such Notes. However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the 
Commission or the relevant national authority, as further explained above. Depending on the manner 
in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), be relying upon the provision by reference 
banks of offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied

--- Page 24 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 16 - 
36-41043641 
 
for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Floating Rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, and EURIBOR, CMS Rate or another Reference Rate has 
been selected as the Reference Rate (other than SARON, SOFR and SONIA), Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) 
provides that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its 
successor or replacement). In circumstances where the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, 
neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) provides for the Rate of Interest to be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert 
to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
Original Reference Rate was unavailable (and solely in the context that such unavailability does not 
qualify as a Benchmark Event). Uncertainty as to the continuation of such Original Reference Rate, 
the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if such Original 
Reference Rate is unavailable may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a)) (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate (other than SARON, SOFR and SONIA) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall 
endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do 
if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined 
by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the 
Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions of 
the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent Adviser and 
applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to 
determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such 
Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) may still result in

--- Page 25 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 17 - 
36-41043641 
 
Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form.  
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has 
failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it 
will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next 
succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to 
apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked 
to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the 
floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. Noteholders may, in such circumstances, be 
materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have expected if an Independent 
Adviser had been determined or if such Independent Adviser did not fail to determine such Successor 
or Alternative Rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) allows Notes referencing risk-free rates 
to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as, the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON"), as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. 
dollar or Swiss Franc bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank 
offered rates. 
Such risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the future performance of such risk- free 
rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance of the relevant risk-free rate 
or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual 
historical performance data. In addition, risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank 
offered rates as interest reference rates. For example, since publication of SOFR began, daily changes 
in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other 
market rates.

--- Page 26 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 18 - 
36-41043641 
 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate or an arithmetic average of the 
risk-free rate, using the relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions of the Notes. In addition, 
market conventions for calculating the interest rate for notes referencing risk-free rates continue to 
develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating the rate used in the Notes 
issued under the Base Prospectus may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that differ materially in terms 
of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rate rates 
issued by it. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could adversely affect the market 
value of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, therefore it could be difficult to reliably estimate the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other 
sources and the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or 
publications. There is a risk that the relevant risk-free rate (or the Compounded SOFR Index or 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate) will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference such risk-free 
rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Conditions of the Notes 
will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Noteholders). If the manner in which the 
relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of 
interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that 
reference a risk-free rate issued under the Base Prospectus. 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk-free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
Risk Factors relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c)(iv), the Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked 
Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments and/or in respect 
of which the principal is indexed. Interest amounts and/or principal will be dependent upon the 
performance of either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France (the “CPI”), as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) 
(each an “Inflation Index” and together, the “Inflation Indices”). If the value of the relevant index 
calculated at anytime prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index at the 
time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest 
payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders may 
receive no interest. However, if the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation 
Linked Notes will be redeemed at par.  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices are an indication of future 
performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 19 - 
36-41043641 
 
The above-mentioned factors could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and 
investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
(b) 
Risk Factors relating to the Redemption of the Notes 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
or Coupons pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts), due to any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France or a 
political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may 
redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 6(k) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
Such early redemption would be at the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes, which in almost all 
cases would be their principal amount. Whilst it is not possible to anticipate the likelihood of any 
change requiring the Issuer to be obliged to increase the amounts payable pursuant to Condition 8(b) 
(Additional Amounts), nor whether the Issuer would exercise its early redemption option as a result, 
any such exercise may have a very significant impact on the Noteholders. As a result of such early 
redemption the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption 
price of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a 
result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such 
circumstances would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a 
particular issue of Notes, could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less 
than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer including a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer as described in Condition 6(d) (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), a Make-Whole Redemption Option as described 
in Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption Option), a Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer 
as described in Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option), a Squeeze-Out Call Option as 
described in Condition 6(f) (Squeeze-Out Call Option), a Redemption on Acquisition Event by the 
Issuer as described in Condition 6(g) (Redemption on Acquisition Event). As a result and only in the 
event that the Issuer decided to exercise any of the above options activated in the relevant Final Terms, 
the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the 
Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. In such 
circumstances, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. Furthermore, investors that choose to 
reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with 
a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The above factors mean that the very existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series 
of Notes could limit the market value of such Notes. 
In addition, if a Residual Maturity Call Option (in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity 
Call Option)), is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if the Issuer decides to redeem the 
Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption Option (in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Make-
Whole Redemption Option)) before the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
the calculation of the Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by reference to the 
relevant Call Option Date rather than the relevant Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
last remaining scheduled payment of interest shall be deemed to fall on the Call Option Date (rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date) which would result in a reduced rate of return on the Notes than a

--- Page 28 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 20 - 
36-41043641 
 
Noteholder would have otherwise received pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
calculated pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for Series of Notes where a Residual 
Maturity Call Option has not been specified. 
In particular, with respect to the Squeeze-out Call Option (in accordance with Condition 6(f) 
(Squeeze-out Call Option)), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when the 
Squeeze-Out Percentage (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be 
reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the 
serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Squeeze-out Call Option the Notes may have been 
trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested or lower than 
expected returns. 
If (i) an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) the Issuer 
publicly announces that the consummation of the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as defined in 
the relevant Final Terms) is not pursued or the completion of the acquisition has not occurred on or 
prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date, the Issuer will have the option to redeem all the Notes or, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, some only, at the Optional Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued on the Notes as provided in Condition 6(g) (Redemption on Acquisition 
Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
An early redemption of part of a Series of Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same 
Series in respect of which such option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption is 
made, either at the option of the Issuer provided in Conditions 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer and Partial Redemption) or 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or at the option of 
the Noteholders provided in Conditions 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders), 
Condition 6(l) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders following a Change of Control) or 
following an event of default (as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default)), any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid which, 
depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and adverse impact on any remaining 
Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, investors may not be able to reinvest the 
moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with the same yield as the redeemed 
Notes. 
(c) 
Risks related to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Risks that may result from the structure of the financial incentives of Sustainability-Linked 
Notes 
As provided in Condition 5(e), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Fixed Rate Notes may specify 
that the Notes will be issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes with a Step Up Option and/or a Premium 
Payment which will be triggered if a Sustainability Trigger Event occurs. A Sustainability Trigger 
Event may occur (i) if the Issuer fails to satisfy any Sustainability Performance Target on the relevant 
Target Observation Date, or (ii) if the Issuer fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Performance 
Report, the Assurance Report or, if applicable, the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, in 
accordance with Condition 5(e)(iv). 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi 
legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. In particular, the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes are not being marketed as “green bonds”, “social bonds” or “sustainable 
bonds” as the relevant net proceeds of the issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes will be used for 
the Issuer's general corporate purposes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Issuer does not commit to (i) allocate the relevant net proceeds specifically to projects or business

--- Page 29 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 21 - 
36-41043641 
 
activities meeting sustainability criteria or (ii) be subject to any other limitations or requirements that 
may be associated with green bonds, social bonds or sustainability bonds in any particular market, 
except as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In this context, there may be adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts resulting from the Issuer's efforts to achieve any Sustainability 
Performance Target or from the use of the net proceeds from the offering of the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment and/or premium payment in respect of the above-mentioned 
Sustainability-Linked Notes when the Step Up Option and/or Premium Payment is selected in the 
Final Terms, as contemplated by Condition 5(e), will depend on the Issuer achieving, or not achieving, 
the Sustainability Performance Targets specified in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Series of 
Notes which may be inconsistent with or insufficient to satisfy investor requirements or expectations. 
The Issuer's Sustainability Performance Targets are aimed at reducing GHG emissions and carbon 
reduction, as further described in the section “Description of the Issuer's Sustainability Strategy” of 
this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Sustainability Performance Targets are therefore uniquely tailored 
to the Issuer's business, operations and capabilities, and does not easily lend itself to benchmarking 
against similar sustainability performance targets, and the related performance, of other issuers. 
Risks that may result from the failure to meet the Sustainability Performance Targets 
When the Step Up Option or, as the case may be, Premium Payment, is selected in the Final Terms 
and the relevant Sustainability Performance Target is not met, although it will give rise to an interest 
rate adjustment or premium payment in accordance with Condition 5(e), it will not be an Event of 
Default under the Sustainability-Linked Notes nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem 
any Sustainability-Linked Notes in such circumstances. Certain investors may have portfolio 
mandates or may wish to dispose of their Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the Sustainability-
Linked Notes may be excluded from any Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”)-related 
securities or other equivalently-labelled index upon the occurrence of an interest step up upon the 
failure to achieve any Sustainability Performance Target, even if the resulting interest step up has the 
effect of increasing the yield on the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes which may have material 
consequences for the future trading prices of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In addition, the failure of the Issuer to achieve its Sustainability Performance Targets could also harm 
the Issuer's reputation, the consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations and ultimately 
its ability to fulfil its payments obligations in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
Risks of change in standards and guidelines and of recalculation 
The Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI underlying the Sustainability Performance Targets of the Issuer 
is calculated in accordance with standards and guidelines mentioned and defined in the section 
“Description of the Issuer's Sustainability Strategy”, in particular the GHG Protocol Standard.  
These standards and guidelines mentioned above may change over time and the Issuer will apply 
these as they may be amended and updated from time to time to calculate its Carbon Intensity 
Reduction KPI. As a consequence, the way in which the Issuer calculates its Carbon Intensity 
Reduction KPI may also change over time. Such change (in particular in the calculation methods) 
could lead to an increase or decrease of the performance of the Issuer in relation to any of its Carbon 
Intensity Reduction KPI while still being able to satisfy the Sustainability Performance Targets and 
avoiding the occurrence of a Sustainability Trigger Event (as defined in Condition 5(e)) and the 
payment to the Noteholders of an adjusted interest rate pursuant to the Step Up Option or the 
applicable Premium Payment Amount (both as defined in Condition 5(e)).

--- Page 30 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 22 - 
36-41043641 
 
In addition, in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes and following a Recalculation Event (as defined 
in Condition 5(e)), the relevant Sustainability Performance Target may be amended. If a Recalculation 
Event occurs, Condition 5(e) provides that Sustainability Performance Target(s) may be recalculated 
in good faith by the Issuer to reflect some changes which impact the level of any Sustainability 
Performance Target or any Key Performance Indicator, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. The Sustainability Performance Target, 
whether amended or not, is an important factor for ascertaining whether or not a Sustainability Trigger 
Event shall occur or is occurring in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. The 
occurrence of any such Recalculation Event and the consequential change of the relevant 
Sustainability Performance Target may impact the payment to the Noteholders of the Premium 
Payment Amount and/or the application of the Step Up Margin and/or the amount paid. Therefore, 
such changes may have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders and may adversely affect 
the market price of the Notes.  
As a consequence, any of these changes to the standards, guidelines or in the calculation methodology 
may not be in line with investors' expectations. Such changes may have a negative effect on the market 
value of the Notes.  
There is no legal, regulatory or market definition of or standardized criteria for what constitutes 
a “sustainability-linked”, “Climate KPI-linked”, “ESG-linked” or other equivalently labelled 
finance instrument, and any such designations made by third parties with respect to the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes have not been endorsed by the Issuer nor form part of this Base 
Prospectus  
The Sustainability-Linked Notes may include an interest step up and/or a premium payment linked 
to the non-achievement of any Sustainability Performance Target by the Issuer as further described 
in Condition 5(e). There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a “sustainability-linked”, a “Climate KPI-linked”, “ESG-linked” or 
an equivalently labelled financial instrument, and legislative and non-governmental developments in 
respect of sustainable finance are numerous and continue to evolve. As a result, Noteholders as 
investors and the Sustainability-Linked Notes as investments may not respect, or may cease during 
the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to respect, certain requirements, whether legislation, 
taxonomies, standards or other investment criteria or guidelines. In particular, the Sustainability-
Linked Notes may not qualify, or may cease during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to 
qualify, for certain dedicated sustainability-linked bond, ESG-related securities or other equivalently-
labelled indexes that may be important for the Noteholders to comply with, whether by any present 
or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to the climate KPI-linked or sustainability-linked objectives.  
Should the Sustainability-Linked Notes not meet the requirements of the Noteholders, this could have 
material consequences for the value of such Noteholder’s investment and/or require such Noteholder 
to dispose of the Sustainability-Linked Notes at the then prevailing market price.

--- Page 31 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 23 - 
36-41043641 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
filed with the AMF for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and shall be deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the pages referred to in the table below included in the Issuer’s 2022 half-year financial report (rapport 
financier semestriel) in the French language 1 dated 28 July 2022 (the “2022 Half-Year Financial 
Report”) (https://www.teleperformance.com/media/1djeeozk/rapport-financier-30-06-22-fr-vdef.pdf); 
(b) 
the pages referred to in the table below included in the Issuer’s 2021 universal registration document 
(document d’enregistrement universel) in the French language filed with the AMF under N° 22-0059, 
dated 
28 
February 
2022 
(the 
“2021 
URD”) 
(https://www.teleperformance.com/media/rbyn3j0z/telep_deu_2021_fr_mel_mention.pdf); 
(c) 
the pages referred to in the table below included in the Issuer’s 2020 universal registration document 
(document d’enregistrement universel) in the French language filed with the AMF under N° D.21-0080, 
dated 
26 
February 
2021 
(the 
“2020 
URD”) 
(https://www.teleperformance.com/media/yvuiamnu/teleperformance_deu_2020_fr.pdf);  
(d) 
the press release dated 3 November 2022 on quarterly information at 30 September 2022 published on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
in 
the 
French 
language 
(the 
“2022 
Q3 
PR”) 
(https://www.teleperformance.com/media/2dhkzgm2/teleperformance-communique-de-presse-q3-
2022-vf-def.pdf);  
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 December 
2021 (the “2021 Conditions”) (https://www.teleperformance.com/media/4hulnnoc/teleperformance-
emtn-2021-base-prospectus-final-avec-num%C3%A9ro-d_approbation.pdf); and 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 November 
2020 (the “2020 Conditions” and together with the 2021 Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions") 
(https://www.teleperformance.com/media/ju3fnenn/prospectus_teleperformance-prospectus-de-base-
2020-version-finale-avec-numero-d_approbation.pdf), 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference into 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
may 
be 
obtained, 
free 
of 
charge 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/). Provision of such documents does not constitute a 
representation that such documents have not been modified or superseded in whole or in part as specified above. 
The Base Prospectus and any supplement to the Base Prospectus will also be available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). 
The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites of (x) 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (y) the Issuer (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/). If the 
Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will 
provide whether additional methods of publication are required and what they consist of. 
 
1   
For information purposes only, the English language translations of (i) the 2022 Q3 PR, (ii) the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report, (iii) 
the 2021 URD and (iv) the 2020 URD, are available in the English language of the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/en-us/regulated-information/annual-and-half-yearly-documents). 
These 
English 
language translations are not incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 32 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 24 - 
36-41043641 
 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites 
which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross reference table below. Where only certain parts of the information requested to 
be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the 
“Commission Delegated Regulation”) supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation are incorporated by 
reference, the non-incorporated parts are either not relevant for investors or contained elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any information not listed in the cross reference table below, but included in the documents listed above is given 
for information purposes only. 
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows:  
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2022 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material 
risks that are specific to the issuer 
and that may affect the issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section 
headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
In each category the most 
material risks, in the assessment 
of the issuer, offeror or person 
asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact on 
the issuer and the probability of 
their occurrence, shall be set out 
first. The risk factors shall be 
corroborated by the content of 
the registration document. 
 
Pages 48 to 59 
 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of 
the Issuer: 
 
 
 
4.1.1 the legal and commercial name 
of the Issuer; 
 
Page 332

--- Page 33 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 25 - 
36-41043641 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2022 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
4.1.2 the place of registration of the 
issuer and its registration number 
and 
legal 
entity 
identifier 
(‘LEI’); 
 
Page 332 
 
4.1.3 the date of incorporation and the 
length of life of the Issuer, except 
where the period is indefinite; 
and 
 
Page 332 
 
4.1.4 the domicile and legal form of 
the issuer, the legislation under 
which the issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal 
place of business if different 
from its registered office) and 
website of the issuer, if any, with 
a disclaimer that the information 
on the website does not form part 
of the prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
 
Page 332 
 
4.1.5 Any recent events particular to 
the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an 
evaluation 
of 
the 
issuer’s 
solvency. 
Pages 9-10 
Page 45 
 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities: 
 
 
 
5.1.1 A brief description of the issuer’s 
principal activities stating the 
main categories of products sold 
and/or services performed; and 
 
Pages 16 to 22 
 
5.1.2 The basis for any statements in 
the registration document made 
by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position. 
 
Pages 22 to 31 
 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a 
brief description of the group and 
the issuer’s position within the 
group. This may be in the form 
of, or accompanied by, a diagram 
of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure. 
 
Pages 46-47 
and 292 to 295 
 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon 
other entities within the group, 
this must be clearly stated 
 
Pages 46-47

--- Page 34 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 26 - 
36-41043641 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2022 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
together with an explanation of 
this dependence. 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and 
functions in the issuer of the 
following 
persons, 
and 
an 
indication 
of 
the 
principal 
activities performed by them 
outside the issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that 
issuer: 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
 
(a) Pages 149 
to 167 
 
 
(b) 
partners 
with 
unlimited 
liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
 
(b) Not 
Applicable 
 
9.2 
Administrative, Management, 
and 
Supervisory 
bodies 
conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests 
between any duties to the issuer, 
of the persons referred to in item 
9.1, and their private interests 
and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that 
there are no such conflicts, a 
statement to that effect must be 
made. 
 
Page 173 
 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the 
issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such 
control, 
and 
describe 
the 
measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
 
Pages 342-343 
 
10.2 
A 
description 
of 
any 
arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in 
a change in control of the issuer. 
 
Page 344 
 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL

--- Page 35 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 27 - 
36-41043641 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2022 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
POSITION AND PROFITS 
AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical Financial 
Information 
 
 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial 
years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer has 
been in operation and the audit 
report in respect of each year.  
Pages 4 to 25 
and 37 
Pages 248 to 
299 
Pages 218 to 
261 
 
(a) balance sheet; 
Page 4 
Page 248 
Page 218 
 
(b) income statement; 
Page 5 
Page 249 
Page 219 
 
(c) cash flow statement; and 
Page 6 
Page 250 
Page 220 
 
(d) accounting policies and 
explanatory notes 
Pages 9 to 25 
Pages 252 to 
295 
Pages 222 to 
258 
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
Page 9 
Pages 253 to 
255 
Pages 223 to 
225 
 
The financial information must 
be 
prepared 
according 
to 
International 
Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed 
in the Union based on Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002. 
 
 
 
11.1.5 Consolidated 
financial 
statements 
Pages 4 to 25 
Pages 248 to 
295 
Pages 218 to 
258 
 
If the issuer prepares both stand-
alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the 
consolidated financial statements 
in the registration document. 
 
 
 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual 
financial information 
 
 
 
11.2.1 The historical annual financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently audited. The audit 
report shall be prepared in 
accordance 
with 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014. 
 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
537/2014 do not apply, the 
historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on as 
to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair 
view in accordance with auditing 
 
 
Pages 296 to 
299 
Pages 259 to 
261

--- Page 36 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 28 - 
36-41043641 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2022 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
standards 
applicable 
in 
a 
Member State or an equivalent 
standard. 
Otherwise, 
the 
following information must be 
included 
in 
the 
registration 
document: 
(a) a 
prominent 
statement 
disclosing which auditing 
standards 
have 
been 
applied; 
 
(b) an explanation of any 
significant 
departures 
from 
International 
Standards 
on 
Auditing. 
11.3 
Legal 
and 
arbitration 
proceedings 
 
 
 
11.3.1 Information 
on 
any 
governmental, 
legal 
or 
arbitration 
proceedings 
(including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened 
of which the issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least 
the previous 12 months which 
may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on 
the 
issuer 
and/or 
group’s 
financial position or profitability, 
or 
provide 
an 
appropriate 
negative statement. 
 
Page 290  
 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the sole purpose of 
further issues of Notes to be consolidated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued pursuant 
to the EMTN Previous Conditions. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Base prospectus dated 29 December 2021 
Pages 46 to 94 
Base prospectus dated 19 November 2020  
Pages 37 to 81

--- Page 37 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 29 - 
36-41043641 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER’S SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 
 
The information in this section is provided in addition to the description of the Issuer’s sustainability strategy set 
out on the following pages of the 2021 URD: 
Information in relation to the Group’s Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) strategy 
Page numbers in the 2021 URD 
• 
Teleperformance Business model 
• 
Main risks 
• 
CSR vision and governance 
 
Pages 72 – 79 
• 
Teleperformance Environmental responsibility 
 
Pages 115 – 127 
 
 
The Group’s CSR Strategy 
The Issuer’s mission is to “help brands, businesses and government agencies find solutions to their customers’ 
and citizens’ daily problems”. The Group therefore specialises in handling relations with brands and governments. 
The Group’s vision is that, in an increasingly automated world driven by a growing need for efficiency and speed, 
“Each interaction matters”. The Issuer aims to become the preferred high-tech, high-touch partner for major brands 
and distributors as well as emerging companies by efficiently managing their daily interactions with customers, 
while ensuring total security.  
To fulfil the Group’s mission and meet the expectations of its main stakeholders, the Issuer has made three 
commitments in keeping with Group strategy: 
- 
To be the preferred employer in the market, the Issuer is focusing on developing a Great Place to Work® 
ecosystem: aiming to be the best employer in the sector in order to hire, train and retain the best people. 
- 
To be a trusted partner for all Group stakeholders by adopting the most stringent ethical standards and 
delivering long-term value. 
- 
To be a Force of Good within the Group’s sphere of influence by helping to create jobs and build the local 
economy, positively impacting communities, and promoting sustainable use of natural resources. 
 
1. Selection of Key Performance Indicator: Carbon Intensity Reduction 
 
The Issuer has selected carbon intensity reduction as the key performance indicator, which is core, relevant, and 
material to its business and measures progress against its sustainability commitments. 
1.1. Rationale 
Carbon intensity reduction counts among the Group’s key ESG objectives. As displayed in its materiality analysis, 
it has been ranked among the important matters, both by internal and external stakeholders. 
In 2015, the COP21 Paris climate agreement set goals for limiting global warming and advocating reorientation 
of the world economy toward a low-carbon model. 
In February 2020, the World Economic Forum announced that, for the first time in its history, the five most 
probable global risks all relate to climate change and the environment. Moreover, according to the latest special 
report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), climate change is already affecting many 
industries and regions around the world, and its impacts will continue to increase in the near future. Covid-19 has 
also highlighted the urgent need to adopt more environmentally-friendly and sustainable practices in the global 
economy, and has amplified the call for transparency surrounding environmental factors in corporate strategy and 
governance. The Group notices an increasing demand on this matter from all its stakeholders: shareholders, 
lenders, clients and employees. 
The Group’s presence in more than 80 countries increases its exposure to geopolitical risks and health crises, 
including epidemics and natural disasters, which may be aggravated by climate change. The large presence in

--- Page 38 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 30 - 
36-41043641 
 
India and the Philippines, ranked among the ten most affected countries according to the Global Climate Risk 
Index 2020 and where Teleperformance employs more than 30% of its total workforce, increases its exposure to 
climate change. 
The Group began its approach to sustainable development and the fight against climate change in 2008 with the 
launch of the Citizen of the Planet (COTP) programme, which aims to promote responsible and environmentally 
friendly operations. 
The Issuer is committed to reducing the environmental impact of its operational activities at each of its sites. The 
main environmental impact of the Issuer’s business activities relates to GHG emissions. Its business does not 
generate material direct emissions into the atmosphere, water or ground, nor does it create any particular noise 
disturbance for the local community. The Group’s business has no material direct impact on biodiversity, and there 
have been no environmental incidents. 
Therefore, the Group’s main objective is to reduce its carbon footprint per full-time employee (“FTE”), and in 
particular to reduce its emissions linked to electricity consumption. The FTE workforce is calculated by dividing 
the total number of hours paid by the normal number of hours worked during the year. 
 
The Issuer has decided to ramp up its own climate ambitions by committing to the Science Based Targets initiative 
(SBTi). This involved the adoption of a greenhouse gas emission reduction target in line with the objectives of the 
Paris Agreement, namely to limit the average global temperature increase over pre-industrial levels to well below 
two degrees Celsius, and to continue efforts to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. 
On 23 September 2021, the Issuer announced that it has set new carbon reduction targets, which have been 
certified by SBTi, a partnership between the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), the UN Global Compact, the World 
Resources Institute (WRI) and the WWF®. The Issuer's carbon reduction targets have been certified in light of the 
Issuer's commitment to keeping the global temperature increase to well below 2°C compared to pre-industrial 
temperatures.  
1.2. Definition and methodology 
The Group’s carbon or greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions and Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI (as defined in 
Condition 5(e)) refer, in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (“tCO2e”), to the sum of direct GHG emissions 
from owned or controlled sources of the Group as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (“Scope 1 Emissions”), 
indirect GHG emissions from electricity, steam, heat and cooling purchased or acquired by the Group, as defined 
by the GHG Protocol Standard (“Scope 2 Emissions”) and indirect GHG emissions in its value chain as defined 
by the GHG Protocol Standard (“Scope 3 Emissions”). Scope 1 Emissions, Scope 2 Emissions and Scope 3 
Emissions are calculated per FTE. The FTE workforce is calculated by dividing the total number of hours paid by 
the normal number of hours worked during the year. 
Subject to any particular exception to be set out in the Issuer's universal registration document, the Issuer reports 
extra-financial data at Group level for all entities over which it has operational control. 
For the Issuer, the following sources of emissions are monitored and reported on under Scope 1 Emissions:  
- 
Generation of electricity, heat or steam – These emissions result from the combustion of fuels in stationary 
sources (stationary fuel consumption from power back-ups). 
- 
Transportation of materials, employees – These emissions result from the combustion of fuels in company 
owned/controlled mobile combustion sources (mobile fuel consumption). 
- 
Fugitive emissions – These emissions result from the unintentional release of: 
o 
Refrigerants: Refrigerants may be leaked in the air during their use cycle. These refrigerants are more 
dangerous than CO2 emissions; and 
o 
Carbon dioxide from fire extinguishers.

--- Page 39 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 31 - 
36-41043641 
 
With respect to Scope 2 Emissions, purchased electricity, steam, heat and cooling can be either purchased or 
otherwise brought into the Group.  
For the Issuer, the following sources are monitored and reported on under Scope 3 Emissions, as they account for 
more than 90% of the Issuer’s Scope 3 Emissions (the “Monitored Scope 3 Emissions”): 
- 
Employee commuting – includes emissions from the transportation of employees between their homes 
and their worksites.  
- 
Purchased goods and services - includes all the upstream emissions from the production of goods and 
services purchased by the company. 
Other Scope 3 Emissions include business air travel, waste and upstream transportation, which represent less than 
10% combined. The Issuer does not generate any downstream Scope 3 Emissions. 
 
2. Calibration of sustainability performance targets  
2.1. Targets 
The 2019 baseline refers to the amount of Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions, and of Monitored Scope 3 
Emissions per FTE for the Sustainability Period starting on 1 October 2018 and ending on 30 September 2019 
(the “2019 Baseline”). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has set itself the goal of fulfilling the requirements of the Science 
Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”), to reduce Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions by 49% per FTE by 2026 
from the 2019 Baseline, and to reduce Monitored Scope 3 Emissions from purchased goods and services and 
employee commuting by 38.3% per FTE by 2026 from the 2019 Baseline. 
Over the same period 2019-2026, the Group projects to grow its total workforce by 62%, which translates into 
adding 200,000 people into the workforce. 
The Issuer’s carbon reduction target has been validated by SBTi (https://teleperformance.com/en-us/csr/force-of-
good/citizen-of-the-planet/). SBTi has assessed Teleperformance’s submission against SBTi’s Criteria v4.2 and 
after careful review has approved the targets, determining that they are in line with a trajectory well-below 2°C. 
The alignment of these criteria with the five core components of ICMA’s Sustainability-Linked Bond principles 
has been confirmed by a Second-Party Opinion. 
2.2. Strategy to achieve the targets 
To meet these targets, the Issuer focuses on: 
• 
increasing the share of renewable energies in total energy consumption to at least 30% by 2026; 
• 
reducing energy consumption via efficiency measures; 
• 
streamlining the IT infrastructure by adopting measures to reduce energy consumption in data centers, 
and purchasing STAR-rated and EPEAT-certified electrical and computer equipment; 
• 
further developing low-carbon solutions, such as our TP Cloud Campus, a virtual solution to working-
from-home; and 
• 
engaging with top 100 suppliers on carbon reduction initiatives. 
 
2.3. Historic values 
(a) 2019, 2020 and 2021 URD (Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions) 
The Group's GHG emissions figures for 2019, 2020 and 2021 (expressed in tCO2e), as published in the 2021 
URD, are verified by KPMG S.A., the independent third-party as part of the verification of the consolidated non-
financial statement.

--- Page 40 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 32 - 
36-41043641 
 
The values for Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions reported by the Issuer in the 2021 URD are as shown 
below: 
 
2019 
GHG 
emissions 
(metric tons) 
2020 
GHG 
emissions 
(metric tons) 
2021 
GHG 
emissions 
(metric tons) 
Scope 
1 
Emissions 
31,265 
1,785* 
20,547 
Scope 
2 
Emissions 
184,899 
148,348 
126,645 
Scope 
1 
+ 
2 
Emission 
216,164 
150,133 
147,192 
* in 2020, only stationary fuel consumption was reported into Scope 1 
 
 
2019 GHG emissions 
(metric tons) per FTE 
2020 GHG emissions 
(metric tons) per FTE 
2021 GHG emissions 
(metric tons) per FTE 
2026 targets 
Scope 
1 
Emissions 
0.109  
0.006* 
0.059 
 
Scope 
2 
Emissions 
0.647  
0.470 
0.365 
 
Scope 1 + 2 
Emission 
0.756  
0.476 
0.425 
0.386 
* in 2020, only stationary fuel consumption was reported into Scope 1 
 
As independent third-party, KPMG S.A. issued reports on 28 February 2022 expressing a limited assurance 
conclusion on the compliance of the consolidated non-financial statements with the requirements of Article R.225-
105 of the French Code de commerce and the fairness of the information provided in accordance with Article 
R.225-105 I, 3° and II of the French Code de commerce, i.e. the outcomes, including environmental key 
performance indicators, and the measures implemented considering the principal risks. 
 
Teleperformance records a strong decrease of its GHG emissions in 2020 and 2021, partly due to Covid-19 and 
partly to efficiency measures and increased adoption of renewable energy. The Group could see a slight rebound 
in a post-pandemic context, where more employees will come back to on-site work. Nevertheless, with the 
sustainable rollout of TP Cloud Campus and the numerous initiatives to increase renewable energy and energy 
efficiency, the Group is well positioned to achieve its long-term carbon reduction targets. 
The targets are to be put in perspective with the Group’s projected growth. Over the same period 2019-2026, the 
Group projects to grow its total workforce by 62%, which translates into adding 200,000 people into the 
workforce. 
The Issuer’s carbon reduction target has been validated by SBTi (https://teleperformance.com/en-us/csr/force-of-
good/citizen-of-the-planet/). SBTi has assessed Teleperformance’s submission against SBTi’s Criteria v4.2 and 
after careful review has approved the targets, determining that they are in line with a trajectory well-below 2°C. 
The alignment of these criteria with the five core components of ICMA’s Sustainability-Linked Bond principles 
has been confirmed by a Second-Party Opinion.

--- Page 41 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 33 - 
36-41043641 
 
(b) Monitored Scope 3 Emissions 
The Group's GHG emissions figures for 2019, 2020 and 2021 (expressed in tCO2e), as published in the 2021 
URD, are verified by KPMG S.A., the independent third-party as part of the verification of the consolidated non-
financial statement.  
The values for Monitored Scope 3 Emissions reported by the Issuer in the 2021 URD are as shown below: 
 
2019 
GHG 
emissions per FTE 
(metric tons) 
2020 
GHG 
emissions per FTE 
(metric tons) 
2021 
GHG 
emissions per FTE 
(metric tons) 
2026 targets 
Scope 3 Emissions – 
employee commuting 
(“EC”) 
0.805 
0.285 
0.220 
 
Scope 3 Emissions – 
purchased goods and 
services (“PG&S”) 
0.506 
0.454 
0.402 
 
Scope 3 Emissions – 
EC + PG&S 
1.311 
0.739 
0.622 
0.809 
 
As independent third-party, KPMG S.A. issued reports on 28 February 2022 expressing a limited assurance 
conclusion on the compliance of the consolidated non-financial statements with the requirements of Article R.225-
105 of the French Code de commerce and the fairness of the information provided in accordance with Article 
R.225-105 I, 3° and II of the French Code de commerce, i.e. the outcomes, including environmental key 
performance indicators, and the measures implemented considering the principal risks. 
 
In 2020 and 2021, Teleperformance recorded Scope 3 Emissions per FTE lower than the 2026 targets; however 
the Group does not anticipate to remain at this low level in a post-pandemic context. 
 
Teleperformance recorded a strong decrease of its GHG emissions linked to employee commuting in 2020 and 
2021, due to the particular context of Covid-19 and the deployment of work-from-home as business continuity. 
In 2021, the Group had an average of 70% of its workforce working from home, partly thanks to the deployment 
of its sustainable work-at-home solution TP Cloud Campus, and partly as business continuity. While the 
deployment of TP Cloud Campus is a strategic objective for Teleperformance and one of the levers to achieve its 
and its clients’ sustainable goals, the Group will experience a rebound in a post-pandemic context, where more 
employees will come back to on-site work. The Group’s vision, pending for clients’ decision, is to remain at 
around 50% of its global workforce working from home and 50% working on site. Regarding employee 
commuting especially, this means at least an additional 85,000 people more commuting, compared to 2021 levels. 
The targets are also to be put in perspective with the Group’s projected growth. Over the same period 2019-2026, 
the Group projects to grow its total workforce by 62%, which translates into adding 200,000 people into the 
workforce. 
The Issuer’s carbon reduction target has been validated by SBTi (https://teleperformance.com/en-us/csr/force-of-
good/citizen-of-the-planet/). SBTi has assessed Teleperformance’s submission against SBTi’s Criteria v4.2 and 
after careful review has approved the targets, determining that they are in line with a trajectory well-below 2°C. 
The alignment of these criteria with the five core components of ICMA’s Sustainability-Linked Bond principles 
has been confirmed by a Second-Party Opinion.

--- Page 42 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 34 - 
36-41043641 
 
3. Specific Characteristics of the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
The specific characteristics of the Sustainability-Linked Notes, the reporting obligations of the Issuer and the 
verification process of the level of the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI are described further in Condition 5(e).

--- Page 43 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 35 - 
36-41043641 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with respect to 
the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, 
and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements 
preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” 
or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a 
result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.

--- Page 44 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 36 - 
36-41043641 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to provisions of Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute a 
prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there 
is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base 
Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes, 
the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering 
of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 45 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 37 - 
36-41043641 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the 
terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following 
text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these 
terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions 
as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on 
Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series 
only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 16 December 2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, the “Amended and Restated Agency Agreement”) has been agreed between Teleperformance SE 
(“Teleperformance” or the “Issuer”), Société Générale as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and a 
make-whole calculation agency agreement dated 16 December 2022 (the “Make-Whole Calculation Agency 
Agreement”) has been agreed between the Issuer and Aether Financial Services named in it acting as make-whole 
calculation agent for the purposes of Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption Option) only. The fiscal agent, the 
paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent, the calculation agent(s) and the make-whole 
calculation agent for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying 
Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation 
Agent”, the “Calculation Agent(s)” and the “Make-Whole Calculation Agent”. The holders of Dematerialised 
Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing 
Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons 
(the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts (the “Receipts”) for the payment of instalments of 
principal (the “Receiptholders”) relating to Materialised Notes of which the principal is payable in instalments 
are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement applicable to 
them.  
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended (“EU MiFID II”). 
In these Conditions, references to “day” or “days” are to calendar days unless the context otherwise specifies. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form 
(“Materialised Notes”). 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”) by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No 
physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the 
Code) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Final Terms”), in either bearer form (au porteur), in which case they are inscribed in the 
books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) (“Euroclear France”) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré)

--- Page 46 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 38 - 
36-41043641 
 
inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed 
in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the Registration Agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders, in accordance with French law with the 
provisions of Article L. 228-2 of the French Code de commerce, unless such right is expressly 
excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any financial intermediary institution 
entitled directly or indirectly to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear system (“Euroclear”). 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur), Euroclear France shall act as 
agent for the Issuer solely for the purpose of maintaining the record of ownership of such 
Dematerialised Notes in Euroclear France’s books. In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré), each Account Holder shall act as agent for 
the Issuer solely for the purpose of maintaining the record of ownership of such Dematerialised Notes 
in such Account Holder’s books. 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Notes”). Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case 
of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after 
the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are 
issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as Notes) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) will 
be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Unless permitted by the then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes

--- Page 47 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 39 - 
36-41043641 
 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the 
Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, Receipt(s) 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Notes”), shall pass by 
delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes”, “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled 
to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), without the consent of any of the holders 
of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) days’ notice in accordance with 
Condition 14, redenominate on any Interest Payment Date all, but not some only, of the Notes of any 
Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out 
in the relevant Final Terms accordingly on or after the date on which the Member State of the 
European Union or the United Kingdom in whose national currency such Notes are denominated has 
become a participant member in the third stage of the European economic and monetary union (as 
provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to 
time (the “Treaty”)), or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either 
case, “EMU”). The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these 
Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made 
in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the 
cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination.

--- Page 48 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 40 - 
36-41043641 
 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons, in 
respect of principal, interest and other amounts constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated financial obligations of the Issuer. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding 
(as defined below), the Issuer will not, and will procure that none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined 
below) will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (sûreté 
réelle) (“Security”) or its equivalent under any applicable legislation upon the whole or any part of their 
respective present or future assets or revenues to secure (i) any Relevant Debt (as defined below) incurred 
by the Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries, or (ii) any guarantee or indemnity assumed or granted by 
the Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries in respect of any Relevant Debt incurred by the Issuer or one of 
its Material Subsidiaries, unless at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons are equally and rateably secured (A) by such mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or security 
interest or equivalent or (B) by such other security as shall be approved pursuant to Condition 11 by the 
Masse (as defined in Condition 11). 
This Condition 4 shall not apply to or be applicable in respect of any Security or any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect of or in connection with any Securitisation Indebtedness.  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“EBITDA” means, in respect of the Issuer, the operating profit before financing costs before depreciation 
and amortization as set out in the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Issuer having earnings before interest, tax, depreciation 
and amortisation representing 10% or more of the consolidated EBITDA of the Issuer or having total asset 
representing 10% or more of the total assets of the Group, calculated on a consolidated basis. 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money which is in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds or notes (obligations) or other debt securities which are for the time being, or are 
capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading or ordinarily dealt in any stock exchange, over-the counter 
market or other securities market. 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that 
have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the 
date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date, as well as any applicable Premium 
Payment Amount) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in 
administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in 
Condition 6(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the 
Noteholder as provided in Condition 6(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent and 
remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes, Receipts and/or 
Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the 
case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in 
exchange for replacement Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such

--- Page 49 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 41 - 
36-41043641 
 
Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall 
have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any company, another company which is controlled by it within the 
meaning of Article L.233-3 of the French Code de commerce. 
“Securitisation Indebtedness” means any Relevant Debt (including, without limitation, any secured 
lending, leasing (whether tax driven or otherwise), asset-based securitisation, asset repackaging or any 
combination thereof) which is incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of any assets, receivables or 
revenues where the repayment of principal and interest in respect of the Relevant Debt is primarily financed 
by such assets or revenues. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended, supplemented and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series. 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or a formula or a 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and 
which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the 
case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);  
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(b) and which is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purpose of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 42 - 
36-41043641 
 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the administrator of that Original Reference Rate or its supervisor publicly announces that 
such administrator is insolvent; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v), the Benchmark Event shall occur on 
or within the six months preceding the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference 
Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer system (known as TARGET 2 system) or any successor thereto 
(the “TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or a 
public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
the principal financial centre for such currency; and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”), a day (other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency 
in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation

--- Page 51 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 43 - 
36-41043641 
 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and  
(y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; 
where: “Determination Period” means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 52 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 44 - 
36-41043641 
 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the EC, as amended.  
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 53 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 45 - 
36-41043641 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(a). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive 
period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be.  
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
(2) TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro, or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling (and in such case only if the relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA), or (iii) the day falling 
two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro and if 
the relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA or (iv) (where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms) the fifth London Business Day (or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) prior to the last day of each Interest Accrual Period.  
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions.  
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four (4) major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal offices 
of five (5) major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Calculation 
Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate).

--- Page 54 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 46 - 
36-41043641 
 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service).  
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or 
any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service). 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more 
than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the one which is 
the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the 
relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding

--- Page 55 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 47 - 
36-41043641 
 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention:  
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen 
had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specifies that 
the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the Interest 
Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of the Business Day 
Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes:  
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below 
relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending 
upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination - for Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either:

--- Page 56 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 48 - 
36-41043641 
 
(i) 
the offered quotation or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 
(i) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five (5) or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-
paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than three (3) such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent 
shall request, (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of each of the Reference Banks or, (ii) if otherwise, each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two (2) or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and  
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two (2) Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two (2) or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or if otherwise, the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, 
as the case may be, or, if fewer than two (2) of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at

--- Page 57 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 49 - 
36-41043641 
 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, 
the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; (ii) if at least three (3) of the CMS Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest 
quotations and the lowest quotation) (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest quotations); and (iii) if on any Interest Determination Date less than three 
(3) or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as considered 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance 
with the then prevailing standard market practice.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of (5) five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five 
(5) leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is US Dollars, the principal New York City office of five

--- Page 58 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 50 - 
36-41043641 
 
(5) leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the 
case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre 
office of five (5) leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer.  
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to a Reference Currency, the 
financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified Time” and “Relevant Screen 
Page” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of 
a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal 
to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the then prevailing standard market practice or the 
ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
          (e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the SARON, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the overnight interest rate of the secured 
funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
                        Where:

--- Page 59 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 51 - 
36-41043641 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last Zurich Banking Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up to, 
but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of Zurich 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the Administrator 
of SARON on the SARON Screen Page (as defined below) at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on such Zurich Banking Day; and 
“SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day “i”. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the 
Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the “SARON 
Screen Page”) at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day and no SARON Index Cessation Event and no SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page 
Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking 
Day shall be the rate equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by 
the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for the last 
preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON 
Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day:

--- Page 60 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 52 - 
36-41043641 
 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
SARON shall be the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SARON Recommended 
Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one 
Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
SARON shall be the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB 
Policy Rate”) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the “SARON Replacement 
Rate”) will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and 
shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e), if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), no SARON 
Replacement Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SARON 
Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the 
last SARON available on the SARON Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
In connection with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e), the following definitions 
apply: 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor 
administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SARON 
Administrator; and 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
(i) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of the definition thereof, the date 
on which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the SARON; 
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in subparagraph (v) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (i) 
the date of such statement or publication, (ii) the date, if any, specified 
in such statement or publication as the date on which the SARON will 
no longer be representative, and (iii) if a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described either in clause (iv) or (vi) of the definition thereof has 
occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in subclauses (i) and 
(ii) of this paragraph, the date as of which the SARON may no longer be 
used; and 
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in clauses (iv) and (vi) of the definition thereof, the date as of 
which the SARON may no longer be used;

--- Page 61 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 53 - 
36-41043641 
 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events: 
(i) 
the SARON ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the SARON Administrator that it has ceased or 
that it will cease publishing the SARON permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the SARON); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON Administrator, 
that the SARON has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON Administrator as 
a consequence of which the SARON will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of SARON 
Administrator that the SARON, in the opinion of the supervisor, is 
no longer representative of an underlying market or that its 
calculation method has significantly changed; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the SARON; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the SARON 
Index Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of 
publication of the SARON, the discontinuation of the SARON, or the 
prohibition of use of the SARON, as the case may be, and not the date of 
the relevant public statement. 
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be 
positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such 
a spread, 
(i) 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied 
to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of 
fixed income securities with respect to which such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon; or 
(ii) if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a 
spread, formula or methodology as described in clause a. above, to 
be applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
SARON with such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for 
purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the

--- Page 62 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 54 - 
36-41043641 
 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, 
and be consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed income 
securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for 
purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has 
been recommended as the replacement for the SARON by any working 
group or committee in Switzerland organized in the same or a similar 
manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates 
that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering 
proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such 
working group or committee, the “SARON Recommending Body”); 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any 
successor thereto; 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, 
the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the 
SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the historical 
median between the SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year 
period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event 
occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has 
occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City 
of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange 
transactions. 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
equal to the relevant SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date. 
The “SOFR” will be determined based on Simple SOFR Average, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR Index, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “SOFR Rate of Interest Determination”), as 
follows: 
(x) 
if Simple SOFR Average (“Simple SOFR Average”) is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the SOFR will be 
determined, the SOFR for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR reference rates for each day during the

--- Page 63 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 55 - 
36-41043641 
 
period, as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), and where the SOFR reference rate on the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from 
(and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the 
Interest Period Date. 
 
(y) 
if Compounded Daily SOFR (“Compounded Daily SOFR”) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
SOFR will be determined, the SOFR for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be equal to the compounded average of daily SOFR reference 
rates for each day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period (where 
SOFR Lag, SOFR Payment Delay or SOFR Lockout is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms to determine Compounded 
Daily SOFR) or the SOFR Observation Period (where SOFR 
Observation Shift is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms to determine Compounded Daily SOFR). 
 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance 
with one of the formulas referenced below depending upon which is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
SOFR Lag: 
 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the 
SOFR reference rate for the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling the number of Lookback Days prior to that 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i); 
“Lookback Days” means such number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
(each a “U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i)”); and

--- Page 64 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 56 - 
36-41043641 
 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day. 
(ii) SOFR Observation Shift: 
 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) 
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, is equal to the SOFR 
reference rate for that U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i); 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date falling 
the number of SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date 
falling the number of SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the 
Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period (each a 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day. 
(iii) 
SOFR Payment Delay:

--- Page 65 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 57 - 
36-41043641 
 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR 
reference rate for that U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i); 
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the number of Interest 
Payment Delay Days following each Interest Period Date; 
provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final 
Interest Accrual Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer 
elects to redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date, the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date; 
“Interest Payment Delay Days” means the number of Business 
Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
(each a “U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day. 
For the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SOFR with 
respect to the final Interest Accrual Period where SOFR 
Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
SOFR reference rate for each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, shall be the SOFR 
reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(iv) SOFR Lockout: 
 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and where:

--- Page 66 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 58 - 
36-41043641 
 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR 
reference rate for that U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), except that the SOFR for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) in respect of the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the 
Interest Accrual Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the SOFR reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
(each a “U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for 
purpose of Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f)(x) and 5(c)(iii)(B)(f)(y): 
 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen 
designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
 
“SOFR” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following provision: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time as such reference rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page; the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time as such 
reference rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=; or the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
(ii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a 
SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date 
have not occurred, the SOFR reference rate shall be the reference 
rate published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first

--- Page 67 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 59 - 
36-41043641 
 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which 
SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; or 
(iii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a 
SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date 
have 
occurred, 
the 
provisions 
set 
forth 
in 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(f)(aa) shall apply; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
(z) 
if Compounded SOFR Index (“Compounded SOFR Index”) is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the compounded 
average of daily SOFR reference rates for each day during the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as follows:  
 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at the SOFR Index Determination Time on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, provided that: 
(a) 
if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date 
have not occurred, the “SOFR Index” shall be calculated 
on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with the 
Compounded Daily SOFR formula described above in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f)(y)(ii) “SOFR Observation Shift”, 
and the term “SOFR Observation Shift Days” shall mean 
5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or 
(b) 
if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date 
have occurred, the provisions set forth in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(f)(aa) shall apply;

--- Page 68 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 60 - 
36-41043641 
 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Maturity Date); 
“SOFR IndexStart” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“SOFR Index Determination Time” means, in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, approximately 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date falling 
the number of SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling 
the number of SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest 
Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the applicable SOFR 
Observation Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the 
Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for purpose 
of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f): 
“Alternate Agent” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial expert with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer; 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(currently, being 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-
index), or any successor source; 
“SOFR Replacement Date” means the Benchmark Replacement Date with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark;

--- Page 69 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 61 - 
36-41043641 
 
“SOFR Transition Event” means the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition 
Event with respect to the then-current Benchmark; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(aa)  For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f), if the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or 
prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then- current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then- current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, 
the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, any determination, decision or 
election that may be made by the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non- occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of 
the 
Calculation Agent, or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent, acting 
in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner; and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
Noteholders or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f), if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), no Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) and the Benchmark Replacement will be SOFR 
determined as of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below 
for purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f):

--- Page 70 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 62 - 
36-41043641 
 
“Benchmark” means, initially, the relevant SOFR specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; provided that if the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
relevant Benchmark (including any daily published component used 
in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
“Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark 
(or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark 
announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative or 
has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences either generally or with respect to the Notes; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: 
a) 
the alternate reference rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as

--- Page 71 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 63 - 
36-41043641 
 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof); and 
b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) the sum of: 
a) 
the ISDA Fallback Rate; and 
b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) the sum of: 
a) 
the alternate reference rate that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof) giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted reference rate as a replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof) for 
U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes at such 
time; and 
b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative 
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then- current Benchmark (including 
any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) 
with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts

--- Page 72 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 64 - 
36-41043641 
 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) the Calculation Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Alternate Agent decides may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Calculation Agent (or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Agent) determines is reasonably necessary acting in good faith 
and in a commercial manner); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
any daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of: 
(x) 
the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein; and 
(y) 
the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or 
any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives 
published from time to time; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation

--- Page 73 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 65 - 
36-41043641 
 
thereof) for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (1) if the Benchmark is the SOFR, the SOFR Determination 
Time (where Simple SOFR Average or Compounded Daily SOFR is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or SOFR Index 
Determination Time (where Compounded SOFR Index is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms), or (2) if the Benchmark is not 
the SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(g) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the SONIA 
rate of interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “SONIA Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined could be either SONIA Compounded Index Rate or SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows: 
(x)    SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
If SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, be the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate as follows, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(g)(x): 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the 
Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards, 
 
provided, however, that if the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not 
available in relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page for the determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded

--- Page 74 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 66 - 
36-41043641 
 
IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for such Interest Accrual Period on the basis of the SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(g)(y) 
as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate with Observation Shift had 
been specified in the relevant Final Terms and the “Relevant Screen Page” 
shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling “p” London Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation 
Period shall begin on and include the date which is “p” London Business 
Days prior to the Issue Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date which 
is “p” London Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” London Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period the whole number specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five London 
Business Days) representing a number of London Business Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA 
Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the date falling “p” 
London Business Days prior to (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period, or (ii) in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA Compounded Index 
Value on the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to (i) in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period, or (ii) if the Notes become due and payable prior to the end 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the date on which the Notes become so due 
and payable; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means in relation to any London 
Business Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published by 
authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London 
Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be 
obtained from such authorised distributors, as published on the Bank of 
England’s Website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such 
other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of 
publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) on such London Business Day. 
(y) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate

--- Page 75 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 67 - 
36-41043641 
 
If SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards, 
 
Where: 
“London Business Day”, “Observation Period” and “p” have the 
meanings set out under Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(g)(x); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days 
from and including such London Business Day “i” up to but excluding the 
following London Business Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of:

--- Page 76 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 68 - 
36-41043641 
 
(i) 
that London Business Day “i” where Observation Shift is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period) falling “p” London Business Days prior to 
the relevant London Business Day “i” where Lag is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”) rate for such London Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page on the next following London Business Day or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as published by authorised 
distributors on such London Business Day or, if SONIA cannot be obtained 
from such authorised distributors, as published on the Bank of England’s 
Website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA reference rate). 
(z) Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms 
and either (i) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, if, in respect of any London Business Day, the 
SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or 
Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable, (or as otherwise provided in 
the relevant definition thereof) , such Reference Rate shall be: 
1. (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which the SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, 
or 
2.  if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof) for the first preceding London Business Day on which 
the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(aa)  If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such

--- Page 77 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 69 - 
36-41043641 
 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual 
Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than SARON, SOFR and 
SONIA) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to 
be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(b)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(c)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an independent expert and in consultation with the Issuer. The Issuer 
will not take any discretionary decision on the basis of such consultation. In the 
absence of bad faith, manifest error or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant 
to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(a) shall apply to the relevant

--- Page 78 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 70 - 
36-41043641 
 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(c)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)).  
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from 
the Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative of the Masse and, in accordance with Condition 14,

--- Page 79 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 71 - 
36-41043641 
 
the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders and the Representative of the Masse of 
the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and 
the Paying Agents a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer 
and the Independent Adviser: 
(i) 
confirming, on the basis of the determination of the Independent Adviser 
(i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) where applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by 
the Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal 
Agent’s, the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) 
(a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then 
applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
were the Original Reference Rate. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes:  
1. 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, 
as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 80 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 72 - 
36-41043641 
 
this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out 
below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the “CPI Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is 
the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be 
and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Base 
Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(h)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary 
to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of any 
given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such 
month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month 
(M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3 + 
D-1 x (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2 - CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3) 
NDM 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(h)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR 
<GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the 
interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods 
shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French Treasury 
(Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l’inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time 
to time as provided herein.

--- Page 81 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 73 - 
36-41043641 
 
(B) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) 
in its December 2010 Paper entitled “Inflation Indexed Notes” (Obligations et autres 
instruments de taux d’intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux – 
Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur l’inflation).  
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in 
the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly 
Reference Index would be published under the heading “indice de 
substitution”. Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, 
it would automatically apply from the day following its release to all 
calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute 
index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure 
adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-1 
x 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly 
Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will be 
chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last 
year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining will be 
carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
= CPI Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
X Key 
New Basis 
Previous Basis 
 
2. 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this

--- Page 82 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 74 - 
36-41043641 
 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below 
only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the “HICP 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is 
the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be 
and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Base 
Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary 
to five (5) significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of any 
given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such 
month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month 
(M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3+ 
D-1 
X (HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2-HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3) 
NDM 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(h)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on 
Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be 
adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(B) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in 
the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above).

--- Page 83 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 75 - 
36-41043641 
 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute 
HICP Monthly Reference Index”) shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) if a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive 
HICP Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all calculations taking 
place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1 
x 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the 
two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a 
different basis will be chained on the basis of the December HICP 
Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March 
of the following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance 
with the following equation: 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
= HICP Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
X Key 
New Basis 
Previous Basis 
 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes:  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the 
date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
This Condition 5(e) applies to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
issued by the Issuer in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate that the Step Up Option 
and/or the Premium Payment, as the case may be, is or are applicable (the “Sustainability-Linked 
Notes”).

--- Page 84 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 76 - 
36-41043641 
 
(i) 
Step Up Option 
Where the Step Up Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a 
Step Up Event occurs, the Rate of Interest (or the applicable Margin, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) for each Interest Period from and including the Interest Payment Step Up Date until the 
Maturity Date, shall be the sum of the Initial Rate of Interest (or the initial Margin, in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes) and: 
(A) 
in the event the Issuer has met neither Sustainability Performance Target #1 nor 
Sustainability Performance Target #2, the Full Step Up Margin;  
(B) 
in the event the Issuer has met only Sustainability Performance Target #1 but not 
Sustainability Performance Target #2, the Intermediate Step Up Margin;  
(C) 
in the event the Issuer has met only Sustainability Performance Target #2 but not 
Sustainability Performance Target #1, the Intermediate Step Up Margin; and 
(D) 
in the event the Step Up Event relates to a failure by the Issuer to publish the applicable 
Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report or, if applicable, the SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iv), the Full Step 
Up Margin. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in 
respect of a Series of Notes. 
(ii) 
Premium Payment 
Where a Premium Payment is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a 
Premium Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall pay on the Premium Payment Date in respect of 
each Note of the relevant Series an amount equal to:  
(A) 
in the event the Issuer has met neither Sustainability Performance Target #1 nor 
Sustainability Performance Target #2, the Full Premium Payment Amount;  
(B) 
in the event the Issuer has met only Sustainability Performance Target #1 but not 
Sustainability Performance Target #2, the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount; 
(C) 
in the event the Issuer has met only Sustainability Performance Target #2 but not 
Sustainability Performance Target #1, the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount; 
and 
(D) 
in the event the Premium Payment Event relates to a failure by the Issuer to publish the 
applicable Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report or, if applicable, 
the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iv), the 
Full Premium Payment Amount. 
(iii) Notification of Step Up Event and/or Premium Trigger Event 
If a Step Up Event and/or a Premium Trigger Event occur, the Issuer shall give notice of such 
Step Up Event and/or Premium Trigger Event and the applicable Step Up Margin and/or 
Premium Payment Amount to the Principal Paying Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 
14, the relevant Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of such Step 
Up Event and/or Premium Trigger Event and in no event later than the date falling thirty (30) 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date and/or Premium Payment Date following the 
Target Observation Date.

--- Page 85 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 77 - 
36-41043641 
 
(iv) Sustainability Reporting 
For each Sustainability Period from the Sustainability Period during which any Sustainability-
Linked Notes are issued and for so long as any of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and, if 
applicable, Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding, the Issuer shall include in a dedicated 
section of its Universal Registration Document or publish on its website as a separate report or 
document not later than the date falling thirty (30) Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date immediately following the last day of the relevant Sustainability Period: 
(A) 
the level of the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI as at the last day of each Sustainability 
Period (the “Sustainability Performance Report”); 
(B) 
an assurance report issued by the External Verifier confirming the level of the Carbon 
Intensity Reduction KPI provided in the Sustainability Performance Report (the 
“Assurance Report”); and 
(C) 
following the occurrence of a Target Observation Date, no later than the date falling 
thirty (30) Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date and/or Premium Payment 
Date following such Target Observation Date, or for the purposes of Condition 6(c) 
(Make-Whole Redemption Option), a certificate issued by the External Verifier 
confirming whether or not the Group has achieved the Sustainability Performance 
Targets as at such Target Observation Date (the “SPT Verification Assurance 
Certificate”). 
(v) 
Absence of Event of Default 
The occurrence of any Sustainability Trigger Event shall not constitute an Event of Default or a 
breach of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
(vi) Recalculation 
In the event of any change, which occurs between the Issue Date of a Series of Sustainability-
Linked Notes and the relevant Target Observation Date, (i) to the calculation methodology of 
the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI to reflect changes in the market practice or the relevant 
market standards; (ii) in the Group’s perimeter (due to an acquisition, a merger or a demerger or 
other restructuring (scission ou apport partiel d'actifs), an amalgamation, a consolidation or 
other form of reorganisation with similar effect, a spin-off, a disposal or a sale of assets); or (iii) 
in or any amendment to any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies relating 
to the business of the Group, which, individually or in aggregate, has a significant impact on the 
attainability of any Sustainability Performance Target or the level of the Carbon Intensity 
Reduction KPI used as a baseline (each, a “Recalculation Event”), the relevant Sustainability 
Performance Target may be recalculated in good faith by the Issuer to reflect such change, 
provided that an External Verifier or SBTi has independently confirmed that the proposed 
revision is consistent with the initial level of ambition of the relevant Sustainability Performance 
Target taking into account the Recalculation Event. 
By subscribing or acquiring the Notes, each Noteholder accepts and agrees not to be consulted 
in respect of such changes.  
Any such change and the resulting recalculation to any Sustainability Performance Target will 
be communicated as soon as reasonably practicable by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Calculation Agent and notified to the relevant Noteholders (with a copy to the relevant 
Representative) in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 86 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 78 - 
36-41043641 
 
Any other changes to the Sustainability Performance Targets or to any Step Up Margin or any 
Premium Payment Amount will be made with the prior approval of the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11. 
(vii) Definitions 
In this Condition: 
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(e)(iv). 
“Baseline Date” means 30 September 2019. 
“Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI” means the key performance indicator which measures the 
Group’s GHG emissions in tCO2e (i.e. the sum of direct GHG emissions from owned or 
controlled sources of the Group as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (Scope 1 Emissions), 
indirect GHG emissions from electricity, steam, heat and cooling purchased or acquired by the 
Group, as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (Scope 2 Emissions), and indirect GHG 
emissions in its value chain as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (limited to Monitored 
Scope 3 Emissions)), divided by the FTE. The FTE workforce is calculated by dividing the total 
number of hours paid by the normal number of hours worked during the year. The standard 
annual number of hours worked is specific to each country, depending on local regulations. The 
perimeter of the Group for the purposes of the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI shall include 
100 percent of the Group’s consolidation scope as at the date on which the level of the Carbon 
Intensity Reduction KPI is measured. 
“External Verifier” means the external verifier specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other independent accounting or appraisal firm or other independent expert of 
internationally recognised standing with relevant expertise, appointed by the Issuer to review 
the Issuer’s statements in relation to the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI and the Sustainability 
Performance Report included in its Universal Registration Document or published on its website 
as a separate report or document in replacement of the external verifier initially named in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Full Premium Payment Amount” means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Full Premium Payment Amount. 
“Full Step Up Margin” means the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
Full Step Up Margin. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Step Up Payment Date” means the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
occurrence of a Step Up Event. 
“Intermediate Premium Payment Amount” means the amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount. 
“Intermediate Step Up Margin” means the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Intermediate Step Up Margin. 
“Monitored Scope 3 Emissions” means the indirect GHG emissions in the Issuer's value chain 
limited to (i) emissions from the transportation of employees between their homes and their 
worksites and (ii) all the upstream emissions from the production of goods and services 
purchased by the Issuer. 
“Premium Payment Amount” means the Full Premium Payment Amount or the Intermediate 
Premium Amount (as the case may be).

--- Page 87 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 79 - 
36-41043641 
 
“Premium Payment Date” means the first day of the next Interest Period following the date on 
which the Issuer is required to publish the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate as of and for 
the period ending on the Target Observation Date. 
“Premium Trigger Event” means, in relation to Notes for which a Premium Payment is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Sustainability Trigger Event. 
“Step Up Margin” means the Full Step Up Margin or the Intermediate Step Up Margin (as the 
case may be). 
“Step Up Event” means, in relation to Notes for which a Step Up Option is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Sustainability Trigger Event. 
“Sustainability Performance Target #1” means the objective set out in the relevant Final 
Terms for the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI to be observed on any Target Observation Date 
with respect to Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions compared to those used as a baseline 
and observed on the Baseline Date. 
“Sustainability Performance Target #2” means the objective set out in the relevant Final 
Terms for the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI to be observed on any Target Observation Date 
with respect to Monitored Scope 3 Emissions compared to those used as a baseline and observed 
on the Baseline Date. 
“Sustainability Performance Targets” means Sustainability Performance Target #1 and 
Sustainability Performance Target #2, taken together (each a “Sustainability Performance 
Target”). 
“Sustainability Performance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(e)(iv). 
“Sustainability Period” means, in relation to the calculation of the Carbon Intensity Reduction 
KPI, any twelve-month period commencing on 1 October and ending on 30 September. 
“Sustainability Trigger Event” means the occurrence of one of the following events: (i) the 
Issuer fails to satisfy any Sustainability Performance Target on the relevant Target Observation 
Date, or (ii) the Issuer fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Performance Report, the 
Assurance Report or, if applicable, the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, in accordance 
with Condition 5(e)(iv). 
“Target Observation Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Universal Registration Document” means the universal registration document (document 
d’enregistrement universel) of the Issuer which it publishes on its website on an annual basis in 
relation to its latest audited consolidated financial statements. 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall 
be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for 
any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(j)(i)). 
(g) 
Accrual of Interest:  
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to

--- Page 88 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 80 - 
36-41043641 
 
accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(h) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and redemption amounts, 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in 
the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of 
(y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.  
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or redemption amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
redemption amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no 
event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the sake of clarity, any applicable 
margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven (7) significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
Yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(i) 
Calculations:  
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest 
Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts:  
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain 
such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, 
such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of

--- Page 89 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 81 - 
36-41043641 
 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period.  
If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject in the case of (i) SARON to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e), 
(ii) SOFR to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f) and (iii) SONIA to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(g), nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or 
amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent:  
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references 
in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or 
Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption:  
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within 
Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments:  
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each Note that 
provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal 
amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount 
is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for 
all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such 
payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which 
case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount.

--- Page 90 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 82 - 
36-41043641 
 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption Option:  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice (the “Make-Whole Call Notice”) in 
accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, 
prior to their Maturity Date (the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount.  
The “Make-Whole Redemption Amount” will be calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal, interest or other 
amounts payable (in particular, with respect to Sustainability-Linked Notes (i) the applicable Step Up 
Margin from the relevant Interest Step Up Payment Date and/or (ii) the applicable Premium Payment 
Amount from the relevant Premium Payment Date, on the assumption that the Issuer will fail to satisfy 
the Sustainability Performance Targets on the Target Observation Date, unless either or both 
Sustainability Performance Targets (as the case may be) have been achieved for the most recent 
Sustainability Period (as defined in Condition 5(e)(vii)) prior to the Make-Whole Call Notice for 
which an Assurance Report is available (as set out in such Assurance Report and as confirmed by an 
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate), in which case (a) if both Sustainability Performance Targets 
have been satisfied, no Step Up Margin or Premium Payment Amount shall be taken into account and 
(b) if only one Sustainability Performance Target has been satisfied, the Intermediate Step Up Margin 
and/or, as the case may be, the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount, shall apply) on such Notes 
(not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date from the relevant 
Maturity Date on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms at the Redemption 
Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) 
above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date.  
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer decides to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption Option before the Call Option Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Make-Whole Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-
Whole Redemption Option by the Issuer will be calculated taking into account the Call Option Date 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(e) below and not the Maturity Date. 
The “Redemption Rate” is the average of the four (4) quotations (eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest quotations)) given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual 
yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth 
(4th) Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European 
time (CET)). 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four (4) banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) will be chosen by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the third (3rd) Business Day in 
London preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 91 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 83 - 
36-41043641 
 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall act as an 
independent expert and not as an agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders. The Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent (acting in such capacity) shall not have any relationship of agency or trust with, 
and, to the extent permitted by law, shall not incur any liability against the Noteholders, the Fiscal 
Agent or the Paying Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(d) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 6(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption:  
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all 
or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption or exercise must 
relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements of the Regulated Market 
on which the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes of any Series, the redemption 
may be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to 
the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated Market 
and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there 
has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 
and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(the “AMF”) and on the website of any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market where 
the Notes are listed and admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Notes 
drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Call Option:  
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the “Call Option Date” (as specified in

--- Page 92 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 84 - 
36-41043641 
 
the Final Terms), which shall be no earlier than (i) three (3) months before the Maturity Date in respect 
of Notes having a maturity of not more than ten (10) years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date 
in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than ten (10) years, until the Maturity Date.  
For the purposes of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten (10) years or the 
maturity of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Notes.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Squeeze-Out Call Option:  
If a Squeeze-Out Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any other 
percentage above as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Squeeze-Out Percentage”) of the 
initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased 
and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) days’ notice to the Noteholders redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their 
Squeeze-Out Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Provided that those Notes that are no longer outstanding 
have not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption) or Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option) within the twelve (12) months preceding such exercise of the Squeeze-Out Call 
Option by the Issuer. 
(g) 
Redemption on Acquisition Event 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event 
(as defined below) occurs, the Issuer may, on giving promptly and in any event not more than thirty 
(30) days after the occurrence of such Acquisition Event and not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) days before the date set for redemption, notice to the Noteholders, subject to having also 
given notice to the Fiscal Agent, redeem all or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, some only, 
of the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption, or (ii) waive its right to call the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(g). 
All notices to Noteholders shall be irrevocable and given pursuant to Condition 14 (Notices). 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall not be 
entitled, during a period of twelve (12) months following the exercise by the Issuer of such 
Acquisition Event Call Option to exercise a Squeeze-Out Call Option in accordance with Condition 
6(f) with respect to such Notes. 
An “Acquisition Event” shall have occurred if: 
(i) 
on or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Targeted 
Company.  
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(d) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 6(g).

--- Page 93 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 85 - 
36-41043641 
 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders:  
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, 
upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office during 
usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form 
obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris as specified in the 
Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, 
may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes:  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition 6(i) the ratio determined on the fifth (5th) Business 
Day before the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index, on the Maturity Date and 
the Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed 
at par. 
(j) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above,

--- Page 94 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 86 - 
36-41043641 
 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. 
The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 5(g). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes:  
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(i) shall apply in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such 
Notes pursuant to Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9, the Put Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount in respect of such Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
Early Redemption Amount/Put Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth 
(5th) Business Day before the date set for redemption between either (i) if the CPI 
is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption 
and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the 
Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(i) applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the 
Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption. Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the date set for redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the 
basis of the provisions of Condition 5 (iv) above except that, for such purposes 
the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth (5th) Business Day prior 
to the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described paragraphs “Zero Coupon Notes” and “Inflation Linked Notes” above), upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o), or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount.

--- Page 95 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 87 - 
36-41043641 
 
(k) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, 
French law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the 
next payment of principal, interest or premium due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be 
able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, at any time (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes), subject to 
having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, to the holders of Coupons (the “Couponholders”) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of principal, interest and premium without withholding for such 
additional amounts. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal, interest or premium in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, 
if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer, shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less 
than seven (7) days’ prior notice to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders in 
accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(i) above) together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date 
on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect 
of the Notes or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(l) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders following a Change of Control:  
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and if at any time while 
any Note remains outstanding there occurs a Put Event, the holder of each Note will have the option 
(the “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined 
below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under 6(c) (Make Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer), 6(f) (Squeeze Out Redemption) or 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option)) 
and 6(k) (Redemption for Taxation Reason) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
to procure the purchase of all, but not some only, of its Notes, on the Put Optional Redemption Date 
(as defined below) at the Put Amount (as defined below). 
A “Put Event” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (i) a Change of Control occurs and 
(ii) within the Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade occurs as a result, in whole or primarily, 
of that Change of Control or of a Potential Change of Control. 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons 
acting in concert come(s) to legally or beneficially own or acquire(s) directly or indirectly more than 
50 per cent. of the shares or the voting rights exercisable at general meetings of the shareholders of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 96 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 88 - 
36-41043641 
 
“Change of Control Period” means:  
(a) commencing on the date that is the earlier of (1) the first public announcement of the result (avis 
de résultat) by the AMF or by the Issuer of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the 
Potential Change of Control; and  
(b) ending on the date which is ninety (90) days after the date of the first public announcement of the 
result (or such longer period for which the senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer is under 
consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending ninety 
(90) days after the date of the first public announcement of the result) for rating review by a Rating 
Agency, such period not to exceed sixty (60) days after the public announcement of such 
consideration). 
“Potential Change of Control” means any public announcement or statement by the Issuer, any 
actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control. 
“Put Agent” means the relevant Paying Agent specified in the Put Event Notice. 
“Put Amount” means in respect of any Note an amount equal to 100 per cent. of its principal amount 
together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but 
excluding the Put Optional Redemption Date.  
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control or a 
Potential Change of Control if within the Change of Control Period, the corporate credit rating 
previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency (as defined below) solicited by the Issuer is 
(x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB, or its equivalent for the time 
being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+, or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) 
or (z) if the corporate credit rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency solicited 
by the Issuer was below an investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least one full 
rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB; or their respective equivalents), provided that (i) a Rating 
Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control or Potential Change of Control, as the case may 
be, if the Rating Agency does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the 
result, in whole or in part, of the Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control, as the case 
may be, and (ii) any Rating Downgrade must have been confirmed in a letter or other form of written 
communication sent to the Issuer and publicly disclosed. If the Issuer is rated by more than one Rating 
Agency and such rating has been solicited by the Issuer, the rating to be taken into account to 
determine whether a Rating Downgrade has occurred shall be the lower rating assigned by any such 
Rating Agency. 
If the Issuer ceases at any time to have a rating assigned to it by at least one Rating Agency, a Rating 
Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer does not on or before the sixtieth (60th) 
Business Day after the relevant Change of Control seek, and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours 
to obtain from a Rating Agency, a corporate credit rating. 
“Rating Agencies” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, and/or Moody’s Investor Services 
and/or Fitch Ratings or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates (each a “Rating 
Agency”). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of 
the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Put Option contained in this Condition 6.

--- Page 97 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 89 - 
36-41043641 
 
To exercise the Put Option to require the redemption or, as the case may be, purchase (at the Issuer’s 
option) of a Note under this Condition 6 the holder of that Note, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
must transfer or cause to be transferred by its Account Holder its Notes to be so redeemed or 
purchased to the account of, or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deposit or cause to deposit such 
Note (together, if applicable, with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) to 
the specified office of the Put Agent specified in the Put Event Notice for the account of the Issuer 
within the period of forty-five (45) days after the Put Event Notice is given (the “Put Period”), 
together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (in the then current form) 
obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Option Notice”) and in which the 
holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6. 
A Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the 
Issuer, procure the purchase of the Notes in respect of which the Put Option has been validly exercised 
as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Put Agent for the 
account of the Issuer as described above, on the date which is the tenth (10th) Business Day following 
the end of the Put Period (the “Put Optional Redemption Date”). Payment in respect of any Note 
so transferred will be made in the relevant currency specified in the Final Terms to the holder to the 
bank account specified in the relevant Put Option Notice on the Put Optional Redemption Date via 
the relevant Account Holder.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever 
kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with 
such Noteholder’s exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Put Option 
(whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
(m) 
Purchases:  
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to the 
applicable laws and regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded 
in the Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
(n) 
Cancellation:  
All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the Materialised Notes in 
question together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by 
the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights 
relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the 
case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(o) 
Illegality:  
If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official application of such law, 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be

--- Page 98 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 90 - 
36-41043641 
 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.  
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes:  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) (in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered form) by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the relevant Noteholder). All 
payments validly made to such Account Holders will constitute an effective discharge of the Issuer 
in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes:  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, except as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant Receipts (in 
the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided 
that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Materialised Notes (in the 
case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) 
or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a Bank. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency and, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States:  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in US Dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in 
full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws:  
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives 
in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents:  
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent are initially appointed under the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement and 
the Make-Whole Calculation Agent is initially appointed under the Make-Whole Calculation Agency 
Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent act as

--- Page 99 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 91 - 
36-41043641 
 
independent experts and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, 
(iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities, (v) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may 
be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed and admitted 
to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in US Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, 
the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and 
Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so 
consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes 
(other than Index Linked Notes), should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value 
of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from 
the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become 
void pursuant to Condition 10) provided that, if any Materialised Note should be issued with 
a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the presentation for payment of any 
such Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the 
amount required to be deducted in respect of such unmatured Coupons would be greater than 
the relevant redemption amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for 
redemption of any such Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become 
void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, upon 
application of the foregoing provisions in respect of such Coupons as have not so become 
void, the amount required by this paragraph to be deducted would not be greater than the 
relevant redemption amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the 
foregoing provisions requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a 
Materialised Note to become void and shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later 
dates in preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note comprising a Floating Rate Notes, 
Index Linked Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 100 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 92 - 
36-41043641 
 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note that is redeemable in instalments, 
all Receipts relating to such Materialised Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after 
such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Notes. 
(g) 
Talons:  
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days:  
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency 
other than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the 
relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency, or (ii) in the case of a payment in 
euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Tax exemption for Notes:  
All payments of principal, interest, premium (if any) and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 101 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 93 - 
36-41043641 
 
(b) 
Additional amounts:  
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or premium (if any) in respect of any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer will, 
to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by 
the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection:  
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a Receiptholder or 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Payments to individuals: 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual and is required 
to be made pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. where the 
paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France) which subject interest and other 
similar revenues received by individuals fiscally domiciled in France to a French withholding 
for French income tax and for French social contributions (CSG, CRDS and other related 
contributions) purposes; or 
(iii) Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date:  
in the case of Materialised Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the Noteholder or, if applicable, the Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth 
(30th) such day; or 
(iv) Excess interest paid to a shareholder of the Issuer:  
to, or to a third party of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a Receiptholder or a Couponholder, as 
the case may be, who is liable to such taxes in respect of such Notes, Receipt or Coupon solely 
by reason of (x) his being a shareholder of the Issuer and (y) the payment of interest being made 
to him at a rate in excess of the limit set forth in the French Code général des impôts (Article 
39, 1, 3°) for the deduction of interest paid to shareholders of a borrowing company; or 
(v) 
Non-cooperative State or territory:  
if the Notes do not benefit from any exception2 provided in the Bulletins officiels des Finances 
Publiques-Impôts, BOI – RPPM – RCM – 30-10-20-40-20191220, BOI – IR – DOMIC – 10-
 
2  
The Notes benefit from the exceptions provided by the Bulletins officiels des Finances Publiques-Impôts when: 
(i) the Notes are offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier or 
pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than in a non-cooperative State. For this purpose, an “equivalent offer” means any offer 
requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
(ii) the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading system provided that such 
market or system is not located in a non-cooperative State, and the operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an

--- Page 102 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 94 - 
36-41043641 
 
20-20-60-20191220 and BOI – INT – DG – 20-50-20140211 of the French tax authorities and 
when such withholding or deduction is required to be made by reason of that interest, Receipt 
or Coupon being (x) paid to a bank account opened in a financial institution established in, or 
(y) paid or accrued to a person established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative State or territory 
(Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des 
impôts pursuant to Articles 125 A III, 119 bis 2 and 238 A of the same code. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, all payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons shall be 
paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof 
(or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor 
any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due the date on which payment in full of the 
amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after 
that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, 
Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment 
Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
(c) 
Supply of information:  
Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the relevant Paying Agent, in a timely manner, 
any information as may be required in order to comply with the identification and reporting 
obligations imposed on it by Article 242 ter of the French Code général des impôts and Articles 49 I 
ter to 49 I sexies of Appendix III to the French Code général des impôts. 
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined under Condition 11(a)), upon request of any Noteholder, may, upon written 
notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause all the Notes 
(but not some only), held by such Noteholder, to become immediately due and payable at their principal 
amount, together with accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice for payment is received 
by the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) 
shall occur: 
 
investment services provider, or by such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services 
provider or entity is not located in a non-cooperative State; or  
(iii) the Notes are admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities payment and delivery system 
operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries 
or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a non-cooperative State.

--- Page 103 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 95 - 
36-41043641 
 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note (including the 
payment of any additional amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under “Taxation” above) 
unless such failure to pay is due to administrative or technical reasons, and such default shall not have 
been remedied within fifteen (15) days thereafter; or 
(ii) 
there is a default by the Issuer in the performance of, or compliance with, any other material obligation 
of the Issuer under the Notes if such default shall not have been remedied within thirty (30) days after 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of such default given by the Representative upon request 
of the Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
if (i) any other present or future financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary for or 
in respect of borrowed money is, after the expiry of any applicable grace period, declared to be or 
otherwise becomes due and payable (exigible) prior to its stated maturity by reason of the occurrence 
of an event of default (however described) or (ii) any amount due under any guarantee or indemnity 
given by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiaries in respect of any such indebtedness of a third party 
is not be paid when due or, as the case may be, after the expiry of any applicable grace period unless 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be, has disputed in good faith that such 
borrowed money is due or such guarantee or indemnity is callable, and such dispute has been 
submitted to a competent court in which case such event shall not constitute, an Event of Default 
hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been adjudicated (décision exécutoire); provided that 
the aggregate amount of such indebtedness and or/guarantees or indemnities, individually or in the 
aggregate, is equal to or in excess of €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(iv) 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer of the 
whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; 
or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is subject 
to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings, or if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
makes any composition, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of, or enters into a 
composition with its creditors with a view to a restructuring or rescheduling its indebtedness; or 
(v) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is wound up or dissolved, or ceases to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or other operations, or disposes of all or substantially all of its business 
or other operations, except for the purposes of and following a merger, demerger, consolidation, 
amalgamation or other form of corporate reorganisation (fusion, scission or apport partiel d’actifs) 
(i) to the extent that French law requires such merger or reorganisation to be approved by a resolution 
passed at a General Meeting of Noteholders, on terms approved by a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of Noteholders or by way of a Written Resolution in accordance with Condition 11 or (ii) in 
the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are 
vested in the Issuer, another of its Material Subsidiaries or any other Subsidiary which as a result of 
such merger or reorganisation becomes a Material Subsidiary. 
“Material Subsidiary” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 4.  
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five (5) years (in the case 
of principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.

--- Page 104 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 96 - 
36-41043641 
 
11 
Representation of Noteholders 
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Masse: 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce as amended by this Condition 11. 
(i) 
Legal Personality:  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders taken 
either by way of resolutions passed at a general meeting of the Noteholders (a “General 
Meeting”) or by written resolutions following a written consultation (“Written 
Resolutions” and together with General Meetings, “Collective Decisions”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect 
to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse:  
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and/or its alternate will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality. However, the 
following persons may not be chosen as Representatives: 
• 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration), its 
general managers (directeurs généraux), its statutory auditors, or its employees as 
well as their ascendants, descendants and spouses; or 
• 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective 
managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs généraux), members of their Board 
of Directors, their statutory auditors, or employees as well as their ascendants, 
descendants and spouses; or 
• 
companies holding 10 per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or companies 
having 10 per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or 
• 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of 
the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever capacity. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event 
of the death, retirement, dissolution, resignation or revocation of appointment of the alternate 
Representative, an alternate representative will be elected by Collective Decisions.

--- Page 105 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 97 - 
36-41043641 
 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative and/or the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and 
the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative:  
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General 
Meeting) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the 
common interests of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions 
(i) 
General Meeting:  
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or 
by the Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-
thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer 
and the Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such 
General Meeting has not been convened within two months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court 
in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notices specifying at least the date, time, place and agenda of the General Meeting 
will be published as provided under Condition 14 not less than fifteen (15) days 
prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) days on 
second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy, 
correspondence, 
or, 
videoconference 
or 
any 
other 
means 
of 
telecommunications allowing the identification of the participating Noteholders as 
provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more 
than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest 
Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified 
Denomination of such Note. 
(ii) 
Powers of the General Meetings:  
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement 
of the Representative and the alternate Representative and also may act with respect 
to any other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which 
now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes, including authorising the 
Representative to act at law as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the 
modification of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or 
settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial 
decisions, it being specified, however, that the General Meeting may not increase

--- Page 106 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 98 - 
36-41043641 
 
the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment 
between the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions 
at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders 
attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of 
each Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries 
in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 
0:00, Paris time on the second (2nd) Business Day in Paris preceding the date set for 
the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved must be 
published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 14. 
(iii) 
Written Resolutions:  
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of 
any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the 
holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders 
by way of a resolution in writing (a “Written Resolution”). Subject to the 
following sentence a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de 
commerce approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 14 not less than fifteen (15) 
days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written 
Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will 
contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the 
Written Resolution Date. 
A Written Resolution will be deemed to have been approved if (i) Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution hold at 
least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) 
Noteholders expressing their approval hold at least 66.6 per cent. of such quorum. 
(b) 
Exclusion of the Noteholders’ prior approval on certain changes impacting the Issuer: 
Article L. 228-65 I 1° and 6° of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes and 
consequently changes in the corporate purpose or the corporate form of the Issuer as well as any 
transfer of the registered office of the Issuer, which is a societas europaea incorporated in France, 
into another Member State of the EU will not require prior approval of the Masse of the Noteholders.

--- Page 107 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 99 - 
36-41043641 
 
(c) 
Information to Noteholders:  
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15)-day period 
preceding the holding of each General Meeting and Written Resolution Date, and, in the case of an 
adjourned General Meeting, five (5)-day period preceding the holding of such adjourned General 
Meeting, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the 
reports which will be prepared in connection with such resolutions, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of 
any of the Paying Agents during usual business hours and at any other place specified in the notice 
of the General Meeting or Written Resolution. 
(d) 
Expenses:  
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, 
it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the 
Notes. 
(e) 
Single Masse:  
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have 
been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, 
for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(f) 
Sole Noteholder:  
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of Condition 11. The Issuer 
shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder and shall make them available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(g) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the 
application of a Benchmark Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and 
approved any Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those Notes 
subscribed or purchased by the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and regulations that are held by it 
and not cancelled. 
12 Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock 
exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from 
time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented 
for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on

--- Page 108 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 100 - 
36-41043641 
 
demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues:  
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further 
Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and 
the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Notes 
provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation:  
The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) days’ 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes 
of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European 
national currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not 
originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to 
such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) or in bearer form 
(au porteur) or of Materialised Notes shall be valid if they are either (i) published on the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.teleperformance.com/), (ii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF; or, in the case of Dematerialised Notes in 
registered form (au nominatif) or in bearer form (au porteur) only, (iii) delivered to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared; 
(b) 
so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange, notices shall be 
published (i) either (a) on the Issuer’s website (https://www.teleperformance.com/), or (b) in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
AMF, and (ii) if the rules of such stock exchange(s) so require, (a) in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading is located, and /or (b) on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated 
Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in relation to (i) the convocation or decision(s) of the General 
Meetings and Written Resolutions pursuant to Condition 11, (ii) any decision taken by the Issuer 
following a General Meeting or a Written Resolution or repurchase offer made to Noteholders in lieu 
of a request of Collective Decision, and more generally (iii) any notice to Noteholders in relation to 
the functioning of the Masse or the rights of Noteholders, shall be (a) published on the website of the 
Issuer (https://www.teleperformance.com/) and, (b) (x) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif), delivered to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared, 
(y) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) only, by mail to the 
Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on

--- Page 109 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 101 - 
36-41043641 
 
the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or by email 
to the Noteholders at their respective electronic addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have 
been given upon receipt of an acknowledgement of receipt from the Noteholder, or (z) in respect of 
Materialised Notes, in accordance with Condition 14 (a)(i) or (ii) above. 
15 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law:  
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction:  
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be 
brought before any competent court located in Paris.

--- Page 110 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 102 - 
36-41043641 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other 
clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes upon certification in the form set out 
in the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (and which shall be available at the specified offices of 
the Paying Agents) as to non-US beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Notes before interest 
or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so 
surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not 
already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal requirements of the Regulated Market in, or substantially in, the 
form set out in Schedule 2 Part A to the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (and which shall be available 
at the specified offices of the Paying Agents). 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the first day following the expiry of 40 
days after the issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day 
pursuant to Condition 14, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day 
falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 103 - 
36-41043641 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer either:  
- 
for Teleperformance’s general corporate purposes; or 
- 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds. 
If an Acquisition Event Call is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the use of proceeds for 
acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Final Terms will also state the potential use for general corporate purposes if the Acquisition 
Event occurs but Teleperformance elects not to use the call option following an Acquisition Event.

--- Page 112 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 104 - 
36-41043641 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
On 10 November 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
"Launch of a share buyback program for 150 million euros following the disproportionate 
decline in the share price 
PARIS, November 10, 2022 - Teleperformance Group's executive management has requested a brief suspension 
of its listing following the sell-off caused by the announcement in certain media by the Colombian Vice-Minister 
of Labor of her decision to overview the work environment in its Colombian subsidiary.  
To date, the Group has not been officially notified by the Colombian government. Teleperformance is confident 
in the results of such an audit, as the management team of the Colombian subsidiary has always developed the 
company in compliance with the law. 
As a result of the situation induced, the Group considers that Teleperformance share buyback is today a good 
usage of its available cash, in compliance with the law. 
Consequently, it has been decided to allocate an initial amount of €150 million to the share buyback program of 
the Group within the framework of the authorization given by the Shareholders’ meeting of Teleperformance of 
April 14, 2022. 
The Group will apply for the resumption of the listing of its shares as soon as possible. 
 
CONFERENCE CALL WITH ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS 
A conference call will be held today at 6:00 pm CET. 
Dial-in-numbers will be communicated in due time. 
ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP 
Teleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP), the global 
leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services, serves as a 
strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model 
including end-to-end digital solutions, which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business 
processes, anchored in a unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach. Nearly 420,000 employees, based 
in 88 countries, support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets, in a 
shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler, Faster, Safer” process. This mission is supported by the 
use of reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security 
and quality standards, based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021, Teleperformance reported 
consolidated revenue of €7,115 million (US$8.4 billion, based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million. 
Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market, Compartment A, and are eligible for the deferred 
settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40, STOXX 600, S&P Europe 350, MSCI 
Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility, Teleperformance shares 
are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022, the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015, the EURO 
STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020, the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019, the FTSE4Good index since 
2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017. 
For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance"

--- Page 113 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 105 - 
36-41043641 
 
On 10 November 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
"Resuming trading of shares 
PARIS, November 10, 2022 – Teleperformance, the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience 
management and related digital services, has requested Euronext Paris to resume the trading of its shares (ISIN 
code FR0000051807) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris, effective at the opening of trading on Friday, 
November 11, 2022. 
ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP 
Teleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP), the global 
leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services, serves as a 
strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model 
including end-to-end digital solutions, which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business 
processes, anchored in a unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach. Nearly 420,000 employees, based 
in 88 countries, support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets, in a 
shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler, Faster, Safer” process. This mission is supported by the 
use of reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security 
and quality standards, based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021, Teleperformance reported 
consolidated revenue of €7,115 million (US$8.4 billion, based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million. 
Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market, Compartment A, and are eligible for the deferred 
settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40, STOXX 600, S&P Europe 350, MSCI 
Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility, Teleperformance shares 
are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022, the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015, the EURO 
STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020, the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019, the FTSE4Good index since 
2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017. 
For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance" 
 
 
On 14 November 2022, the Issuer published the following press release:  
"Teleperformance Colombia to meet with representatives of the Colombian government 
PARIS, November 14, 2022 – Teleperformance, the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management 
and related digital services announced that a meeting between Teleperformance Colombia and the country’s Ministry of Labor 
will take place on Wednesday, November 16, 2022. This meeting, at the Group’s request, is to engage and collaboratively 
discuss its operations in Colombia, where Teleperformance is a major employer with over 41,000 employees, with the recently 
elected new government of Colombia. 
While Teleperformance Colombia has not received any official notification from the government, Teleperformance Colombia 
has reached out to the government and union, and it looks forward to a fair and open dialogue. As a responsible and law-
abiding corporate entity, it will also fully support the authorities on any review that they would like to conduct. 
Since its foundation, Teleperformance has been focused on being a responsible and transparent business. With operations in 
88countries and with approximately 420,000 employees worldwide, Teleperformance has engaged constructively with local 
governments and complies fully with all laws, rules and regulations wherever it operates. Teleperformance is a people company 
and is committed to providing competitive wages and benefits. Importantly, safety and well-being of its employees are top 
priorities for the group and will continue to provide the necessary support and conditions so its teams can operate in a safe and 
secure workplace.  Over 97% of Teleperformance’s worldwide workforce of 420,000 employees currently work in 
independently certified best employer locations, including all our employees in Colombia.

--- Page 114 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 106 - 
36-41043641 
 
For more information, key facts (FAQ) are available on the website: https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/faq/   
A presentation webcast with analysts and investors will be held today at 6:00 pm CET. 
ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP 
Teleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP), the global leader in 
outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services, serves as a strategic partner to 
the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital 
solutions, which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes, anchored in a unique, 
comprehensive high touch, high tech approach. Nearly 420,000 employees, based in 88 countries, support billions of 
connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets, in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the 
“Simpler, Faster, Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions 
and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards, based on Corporate Social Responsibility 
excellence. In 2021, Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7,115 million (US$8.4 billion, based on €1 = $1.18) 
and net profit of €557 million. 
Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market, Compartment A, and are eligible for the deferred settlement 
service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40, STOXX 600, S&P Europe 350, MSCI Global Standard and 
Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility, Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 
ESG since September 2022, the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015, the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020, 
the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019, the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index 
since 2017. 
For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance" 
 
 
On 17 November 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
"Teleperformance exits the highly egregious part of the Trust and Safety business 
PARIS, November 17, 2022 – After reflecting on the consistent feedback received in the recent days from a vast 
majority of shareholders and the financial community regarding the perception of its trust and safety business, 
Teleperformance has decided to exit the highly egregious part of the trust and safety business. 
Teleperformance still believes that trust & safety content moderation is an essential “first responder” service that 
protects the wider society in the digital world, and that Teleperformance is one of the few companies in the world 
that can provide this service professionally, at global scale, with the highest standards in terms of employees safety 
and well being. Teleperformance is also proud of its employees engaged in this essential service. But, as a public 
company that has always been considerate of its shareholders perspectives, Teleperformance has decided that 
exiting the highly egregious segment of trust & safety is the right thing to do, at this time. 
Teleperformance will partner with its clients to work out suitable alternatives for its current business in the field, 
while in the meantime, further strengthening its focus on employees safety and well being. The group also will 
not take any new business of this type. 
A presentation webcast with analysts and investors will be held today at 7:00 pm CET. 
About Teleperformance Group 
Teleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP), the global 
leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services, serves as a 
strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model 
including end-to-end digital solutions, which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business 
processes, anchored in a unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach. Nearly 420,000 employees, based 
in 88 countries, support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets, in a 
shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler, Faster, Safer” process. This mission is supported by the

--- Page 115 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 107 - 
36-41043641 
 
use of reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security 
and quality standards, based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021, Teleperformance reported 
consolidated revenue of €7,115 million (US$8.4 billion, based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million. 
Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market, Compartment A, and are eligible for the deferred 
settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40, STOXX 600, S&P Europe 350, MSCI 
Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility, Teleperformance shares 
are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022, the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015, the EURO 
STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020, the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019, the FTSE4Good index since 
2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017. 
For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance" 
 
 
On 24 November 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
"Teleperformance enters into discussion with UNI Global Union 
PARIS, November 24, 2022 – Teleperformance, the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience 
management and related digital services, announced today that it has entered into discussions with UNI Global 
Union, a global union federation representing services workers in 150 countries.  
Both parties are currently working diligently with the aim to come rapidly to a global mutual agreement on labour 
rights. The targeted agreement would shape a global framework outlining the relationship between 
Teleperformance and UNI Global Union.  
About Teleperformance Group 
Teleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP), the global 
leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services, serves as a 
strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model 
including end-to-end digital solutions, which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business 
processes, anchored in a unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach. Nearly 420,000 employees, based 
in 88 countries, support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets, in a 
shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler, Faster, Safer” process. This mission is supported by the 
use of reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security 
and quality standards, based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021, Teleperformance reported 
consolidated revenue of €7,115 million (US$8.4 billion, based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million. 
Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market, Compartment A, and are eligible for the deferred 
settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40, STOXX 600, S&P Europe 350, MSCI 
Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility, Teleperformance shares 
are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022, the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015, the EURO 
STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020, the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019, the FTSE4Good index since 
2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017. 
For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance"

--- Page 116 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 108 - 
36-41043641 
 
On 1st December 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
"Teleperformance and UNI Global Union sign global agreement 
The agreement, covering 440,000 Teleperformance employees today in 88 countries, includes commitments on 
freedom of association, health and safety, content moderation and positive relations 
PARIS, December 1st, 2022 – Teleperformance and UNI Global Union have signed a global agreement today to 
strengthen shared commitments to workers’ rights to form trade unions and engage in collective bargaining—
while advancing principles on key issues such as health and safety and workplace monitoring.  
The pact covers the company’s 440,000 employees worldwide. UNI, its member unions and Teleperformance 
management will begin implementation of the agreement in the coming weeks, with an initial focus on Colombia, 
Poland, Jamaica, El Salvador and Romania. 
The agreement is based on the recognition of core labour rights as established by the International Labour 
Organization and respect for the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. Teleperformance also 
recognizes UNI as a stakeholder for purposes of the plan required under the Loi de devoir de vigilance (Duty of 
Vigilance Law) in France. 
Daniel Julien, Chairman and CEO of Teleperformance said: “Since the Group’s foundation, we have been 
focused on being a responsible and transparent company with a constant focus on safety and well-being of all our 
employees worldwide. The agreement signed with UNI will bring a complementary framework to further enhance 
our practices for the benefit of all our employees.”  
Christy Hoffman, General Secretary of UNI Global Union, said: “This agreement is an important milestone 
for Teleperformance and its workers. It is the basis for a new relationship between global social partners and 
presents a strong and enforceable commitments to implement fundamental rights for the workers of 
Teleperformance. We look forward to building trust and furthering a constructive relationship with 
Teleperformance in the years to come.” 
About Teleperformance Group 
Teleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP), the global 
leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services, serves as a 
strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model 
including end-to-end digital solutions, which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business 
processes, anchored in a unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach. Group’s employees based in 88 
countries, support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets, in a shared 
commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler, Faster, Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of 
reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and 
quality standards, based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021, Teleperformance reported 
consolidated revenue of €7,115 million (US$8.4 billion, based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million. 
Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market, Compartment A, and are eligible for the deferred 
settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40, STOXX 600, S&P Europe 350, MSCI 
Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility, Teleperformance shares 
are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022, the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015, the EURO 
STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020, the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019, the FTSE4Good index since 
2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017. 
For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance"

--- Page 117 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 109 - 
36-41043641 
 
On 7 December 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
"Teleperformance Colombia received from Bureau Veritas the independent assurance about the 
use and inclusion of International Standard ISO 26000 – Guidance on Social Responsibility in 
its operations 
PARIS, December 7, 2022 – Teleperformance, the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience 
management and related digital services, announced today that it subsidiary Teleperformance Colombia has just 
received from Bureau Veritas the independent assurance about the use and inclusion of International Standard ISO 
26000 – Guidance on Social Responsibility, in its operations in Colombia.  
Teleperformance Colombia had engaged Bureau Veritas, an independent world-wide leader in assurance and 
consultancy services, to review its people practices especially in the context of Corporate Social Responsibility 
and compliance to local labour laws. Bureau Veritas conducted this independent assurance against the framework 
of ISO:26000 – Guidance on Social Responsibility.  
Based on an intensive review over two weeks, Bureau Veritas concluded “nothing has come to our attention that 
causes us to believe that the use of International Standard ISO 26000 does not adhere to the recommendations and 
guidelines there included. Likewise, nothing makes or has made us think that information analyzed during this 
assurance exercise is somehow incorrect or misleading”. 
The main findings of the review are: 
• 
Management team is highly aware of social responsibility matters. The company has taken serious steps 
towards inclusion, diversity, and non-discrimination, which is highly valued by employees. The company 
shows maturity in the way of managing relevant matters and employees’ expectations. 
• 
It is important to highlight initiatives such as volunteering and mental health programs, as well as the 
fact that employees are aware of the consultation and claims mechanisms available in the company. 
• 
Nothing has led Bureau Veritas to believe that labor or human rights are not respected at Teleperformance 
Colombia. 
• 
From a general perspective, Bureau Veritas considers the following opportunities for improvement: 
document the due diligence exercise related to human rights: work hand-in-hand with other areas in order 
to boost a socially responsible conduct in all processes and in the company as a whole; transfer the good 
practices management systems in place to the social responsibility management system and hold more 
accountability meetings at national level.” 
In the spirit of transparency, the Bureau Veritas summary report (as received by Teleperformance) is accessible  
on Teleperformance by clicking here. 
About Teleperformance Group 
Teleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP), the global 
leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services, serves as a 
strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model 
including end-to-end digital solutions, which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business 
processes, anchored in a unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach. Nearly 420,000 employees, based 
in 88 countries, support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets, in a 
shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler, Faster, Safer” process. This mission is supported by the 
use of reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security 
and quality standards, based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021, Teleperformance reported 
consolidated revenue of €7,115 million (US$8.4 billion, based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.

--- Page 118 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 110 - 
36-41043641 
 
Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market, Compartment A, and are eligible for the deferred 
settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40, STOXX 600, S&P Europe 350, MSCI 
Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility, Teleperformance shares 
are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022, the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015, the EURO 
STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020, the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019, the FTSE4Good index since 
2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017. 
For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance"

--- Page 119 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 111 - 
36-41043641 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 16 
December 2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement”) between Teleperformance, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis to the Permanent Dealers. The Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own 
behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the 
Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement also 
provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. 
Teleperformance will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it unless otherwise agreed. Teleperformance has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its 
expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection 
with the Programme.  
Teleperformance has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify Teleperformance against certain liabilities in connection 
with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate 
any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being 
made to the Issuer.  
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and PRIIPs 
Regulation 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
1. 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
2. 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation and referred 
to in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused

--- Page 120 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 112 - 
36-41043641 
 
to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors 
the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes; and 
(b) 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
1. 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(a) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(b) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
2. 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; 
and 
3. 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 121 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 113 - 
36-41043641 
 
(ii) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) Act or the securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and the 
Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and applicable State securities laws. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons pursuant to and in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. Materialised Notes will 
be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “I.R.Code”), section 4701(b) that contains rules identical 
to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms states that such Materialised Bearer Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the 
rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) such Materialised Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. TEFRA will not apply to Dematerialised Notes or Registered Notes. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, deliver Notes, of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it 
sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such Tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed

--- Page 122 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 114 - 
36-41043641 
 
that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic of Italy 
in an offer to the public and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all 
Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy 
except: 
(i) 
to "qualified investors", as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; or 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the offer restrictions 
applies, as provided under the EU Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended, 
Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other 
applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, pursuant 
to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic 
of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as 
amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020); and 
(c)         in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or 
any other Italian authority. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") as long as such offering is made to professional clients within the 
meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent 
in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes.  
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”) 
and has agreed or will agree, as the case may be, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571)

--- Page 123 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 115 - 
36-41043641 
 
of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of any invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of any invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus and any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act, 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the 
SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities based derivatives contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA), 
of that corporation or beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or where such transfer to any person arises 
from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of 
the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 124 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 116 - 
36-41043641 
 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of Teleperformance and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, 
offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, 
offer or sale and neither Teleperformance, or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore.

--- Page 125 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 117 - 
36-41043641 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account 
the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements 
published by ESMA dated 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with 
the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.3]4 
EU PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
 
3 
 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”). 
4 
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the EU MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 126 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 118 - 
36-41043641 
 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
Teleperformance SE 
 
Euro 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
Due from one month from the date of original issue 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
issued by Teleperformance SE (the “Issuer”) 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer (LEI): 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 16 December 2022 which has received approval no. 22-489 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) on 16 December 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval 
no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus[, the Supplement(s)] and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of Teleperformance (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/) 
and printed copies may be obtained from Teleperformance at 21-25 rue Balzac, 75008 Paris, France. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.

--- Page 127 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 119 - 
36-41043641 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth in the [●] EMTN Conditions. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on [●] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] 
from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all relevant information, save in respect of the [●] EMTN 
Conditions. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] [is]/[are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and of Teleperformance (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/) and printed 
copies may be obtained from Teleperformance at 21-25 rue Balzac, 75008 Paris, France.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
 
Issuer: 
Teleperformance SE 
2 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) [Date on which the Notes 
become fungible]: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer 
on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the 
date of assimilation which is expected to be on or 
about 40 days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation 
Date”).] 
3 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only if applicable)] 
6 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
7 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
 
Maturity Date:  
[[●] specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following

--- Page 128 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 120 - 
36-41043641 
 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ unadjusted/ Not applicable] 
10 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up 
Option]] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate[, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[CPI Linked Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
(further particulars specified below) 
11 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
12 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate or 
floating to fixed rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there] 
13 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Squeeze-Out Call Option] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated 
 
(ii) [Date of Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained]: 
 
[Decision of the [●] of Teleperformance SE dated 
[●] [and [●], respectively]]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
(if the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option) 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option  
The Initial Rate of Interest is [●] per cent. Per 
annum [payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(further particulars specified in item 17 of these 
Final Terms)]

--- Page 129 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 121 - 
36-41043641 
 
(if the Notes are not subject to the Step Up Option)  
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly / other (specify) in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year commencing on [●] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination[, subject 
to the Step Up Option] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [●] payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on][●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
([ICMA] 
/ 
[ISDA])]/[include any other option from the 
Conditions] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-
ICMA) 
16 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(In the event where the benchmark used to calculate 
the interest payable is discontinued, Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C) provides for a methodology to determine 
the successor or alternative rates) 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option (further 
particulars specified in item 17 below)]/[The Notes 
are not subject to the Step Up Option] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iii) 
below] 
 
(iii) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / Specify dates] 
 
(vi) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[●]

--- Page 130 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 122 - 
36-41043641 
 
 
(vii) Screen Rate Determination: 
        
 
– Reference Rate: 
[CMS Rate/EURIBOR/SARON/SOFR /SONIA (or 
any other reference rate)] 
 
– Reference Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
– [Reference Screen Page Time: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]] 
 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[●]/The date which is ["p"] [London] Business 
Days prior to each Interest Payment 
Date5/[TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest [Accrual] Period/each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
– [Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]] 
[In the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph] 
 
– [Relevant Fallback Screen 
Page: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[●]] 
 
– Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
– [SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Simple SOFR Average/Compounded Daily SOFR/ 
Compounded SOFR Index]] 
 
– [SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
Rate/SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with 
Observation Shift]/[with Lag] where “p” is: [specify 
number] London Business Days [being no less than 
[●] London Business Days]] 
 
– [Observation Shift Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
[[●]/Zurich Banking Day(s)] [Not Applicable]] 
 
– [Compounded Daily SOFR: 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded Daily 
SOFR) 
[SOFR 
Lag/SOFR 
Observation 
Shift/SOFR 
Payment Delay/SOFR Lockout] 
 
– [Lookback Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Lag) 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
– [SOFR Observation Shift  
Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Observation 
Shift or Compounded SOFR Index) 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
– [Interest Payment Delay 
Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Payment 
Delay) 
 
5 Use this first option for SONIA notes. The Interest Determination Date should match the last day of the Observation Period.

--- Page 131 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 123 - 
36-41043641 
 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
– [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of Simple SOFR 
Average, Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Payment 
Delay or Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Lockout) 
[Not Applicable/The day that is the [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) prior to the 
end of each Interest Period]] 
 
– [SOFR IndexStart: 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR 
Index) 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
– [SOFR IndexEnd 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR 
Index) 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
(viii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
(if the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option) [The 
initial Margin is] [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) Minimum Rate of Interest8: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
17 
 
Sustainability-Linked Note 
Provisions – Step Up Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Sustainability 
Performance Target #1: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Sustainability 
Performance Target #2: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Target Observation Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
External Verifier: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Intermediate 
Step 
Up 
Margin: 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
 
8 
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 132 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 124 - 
36-41043641 
 
 
(vi) 
Full Step Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
18 
 
Sustainability-Linked 
Note 
Provisions – Premium Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Sustainability 
Performance 
Target #1: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Sustainability 
Performance 
Target #2: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Target Observation Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) External Verifier: 
[●] 
 
(v) Intermediate Premium 
Payment Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(vi) Full Premium Payment 
Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
19 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
20 
 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
- 
Provisions relating to CPI or 
HICP Linked Interest: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(v) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(vi) Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio  
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●]

--- Page 133 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 125 - 
36-41043641 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●]  
 
(iv)  Notice period:9 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
22 
 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:10 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
 
(ii) Reference Security: 
[●]  
 
(iii) Similar Security: 
[●]/ [As per the Conditions] 
 
(iv) Redemption Margin:  
[●] per cent. 
 
(v) Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating 
the 
principal 
and/or interest due (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(vi) Reference Dealers: 
[[As per Condition 6(c)]/[●]] 
23 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Call Option Date:  
[●] 
 
(ii) Notice period11:  
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
24 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
 
9 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.  
10 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.  
11 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 134 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 126 - 
36-41043641 
 
paragraphs of this paragraph)
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period:12 
[●] 
25 
 
Squeeze-Out Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Squeeze-Out Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) Squeeze-Out 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
26 
 
Acquisition Event Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Acquisition 
Event 
Limit 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Targeted Company: 
[●] 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption  
               Amount: 
[●]  
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(v)  Notice period:13 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
27 
 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
28 
 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
– 
Provisions relating to the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
12 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.  
13 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 135 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 127 - 
36-41043641 
 
 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
 
[Condition 6 (i) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
29 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note payable on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons (Condition 6(k)), for 
illegality (Condition 6(o)) or 
on 
event 
of 
default 
(Condition 9): 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination 
 
(ii) Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons permitted on days 
others than Interest Payment 
Dates: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) Unmatured 
Coupons 
to 
become void upon early 
redemption 
(Materialised 
Notes only): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
30 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and may 
only be issued outside France.) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form 
of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer form (au 
porteur)/Administered 
Registered 
form 
(au 
nominatif administré)/Fully Registered form (au 
nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give 
name and address] (note that a registration agent 
must be appointed in relation to Fully Registered 
Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary 
Global 
Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
[●] (the “Exchange Date”), being 40 days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as specified in 
the Temporary Global Certificate]

--- Page 136 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 128 - 
36-41043641 
 
 
(iv) Applicable 
TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable 
to Materialised Notes) 
31 
 
Exclusion of the possibility to 
request 
identification 
of 
a 
Noteholder 
as 
Provided 
by 
Condition 1(a): 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
32 
 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 
7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates 
of interest period for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest to which items 14 (ii) and 15(iv) 
relates] 
33 
 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
34 
 
Details relating to Instalment 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) Minimum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
[●] 
35 
 
Redenomination provision: 
[Not Applicable/The provision [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
36 
 
Purchase in accordance with 
applicable French laws and 
regulations: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
37 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] 
apply] 
38 
 
Masse (Condition 11): 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[●]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source)]. [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]

--- Page 137 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 129 - 
36-41043641 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Teleperformance SE: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 138 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 130 - 
36-41043641 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris/specify 
relevant regulated market] with effect from [●].] [Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris/specify 
relevant regulated market] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading)  
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
 
 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating) 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
 
 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established [in the 
European Union] and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established [in the 
European Union] and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended)]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established [in 
the European Union] and [has/have each] not applied for

--- Page 139 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 131 - 
36-41043641 
 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended)] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement 
below): 
“Save as discussed for any fees payable to the Managers and Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
(including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[●]/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s general 
corporate purposes.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds:  
 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient 
to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue
Price [and assuming no interest rate step up and/or premium
payment amount is applied or paid in accordance with Condition
5(e)]. It is not an indication of future yield.  
[In the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes, additional wording
should be added here to refer to the yield that would be 
applicable in the case of an interest rate step up and/or premium
payment] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
(i) 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SARON/SONIA/SOFR/replicate other as specified 
in the Conditions] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/other]

--- Page 140 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 132 - 
36-41043641 
 
(ii) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As 
at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “Benchmark Regulation”). As far as the Issuer is aware,
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [•] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union and the United
Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING] 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [Consumer Price Index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan
France (“CPI”) as calculated and published [[monthly] / [●]] by the Institut National de la Statistique 
et des Etudes Economiques.] / [Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco measuring the
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco (“HICP”) as calculated and
published [[monthly / [●]] by Eurostat.]] 
(ii) 
Information about the Index, its volatility and where past and future performances can be obtained, 
[but not free of charge], from: [●]/ [give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
volatility and performance]. 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where 
it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Depositaries 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.: 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on 
a firm commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best

--- Page 141 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 133 - 
36-41043641 
 
efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, include 
a statement of the portion not covered.) 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions (Categories 
of potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes;  
[TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 142 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 134 - 
36-41043641 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 22-489 on 16 December 2022 from the AMF. The AMF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve 
(12) months after the approval by the AMF, until 16 December 2023, provided that it is completed by 
one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply.  
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such 
Regulated Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.   
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the establishment of the Programme.  
3. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection with 
the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. On 27 July 2022, the Board of Directors 
(Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has authorised the update of the Programme for a maximum 
aggregate amount of Notes outstanding at any one time of €4,000,000,000. On the same date, the Board 
of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has authorised for a duration of one year from 27 
July 2022, the issue of Notes up to an aggregate nominal amount of €2,000,000,000. 
4. 
The business address of the members of the administrative and management bodies of the Issuer is 
located at 21-25 rue Balzac, 75008 Paris, France. 
5. 
The Issuer’s LEI code is 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61. 
6. 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.teleperformance.com/. The information on such website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
7. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of Teleperformance or the Group since 30 September 2022. 
8. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
Teleperformance or of the Group since 31 December 2021. 
9. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries is involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware), during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer or the Group’s financial position or 
profitability. 
10. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not entered into contracts outside the ordinary 
course of its business, which could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to holders of Notes in respect of the Notes 
being issued under the Programme.

--- Page 143 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 135 - 
36-41043641 
 
11. 
To the Issuer’s knowledge, no director or member of the executive management has a potential conflict 
of interests between its duties to the Issuer and its private interests and or other duties. 
12. 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France and/or 
Euroclear and Clearstream. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire 75009 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear is 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent. 
If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
13. 
KPMG Audit IS and Deloitte & Associés are the statutory auditors of the Issuer. KPMG Audit IS and 
Deloitte & Associés have audited, and rendered unqualified reports on, the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as at, and for the two years ended, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
KPMG Audit IS and Deloitte & Associés are registered as Commissaires aux Comptes (members of the 
Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes) and regulated by the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes. KPMG Audit IS and Deloitte & Associés have also issued a limited review 
report in respect of the Issuer’s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the 
half-year ended 30 June 2022. 
14. 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer: 
(a) 
the 
up-to-date 
statuts 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/fr-
fr/gouvernance-et-isr/structure-de-la-gouvernance-dentreprise); 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and any Supplements 
to this Base Prospectus) (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/fr-fr/); 
(c) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/fr-fr/);  
The Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and any Supplements to this 
Base Prospectus) and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (i) will also be published on the AMF’s 
website (www.amf-france.org) (except for documents incorporated by reference other than the 2021 
URD and the 2020 URD) and (ii) will remain publicly available in electronic form for so long as the 
relevant Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding and a minimum of 10 years after their 
publication on the Issuer’s website and (iii) will also be available, (a) free of charge, during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Issuer, 
and (b) in hard copy format upon request to the Issuer. 
15. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and the rate of interest applicable 
to the Notes. It is not an indication of future yield. The yield of the relevant Notes, if applicable, will be 
stated in the Final Terms of the Notes. 
16. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting for the Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market

--- Page 144 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 136 - 
36-41043641 
 
price of the relevant Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty (60) days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
17. 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to Reference Rates 
including EURIBOR, EUR CMS, SONIA, SOFR or SARON or other Reference Rates as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes may 
specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to 
reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
 
18. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “US Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of 
Japan, and references to “CHF”, “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. References 
in this Base Prospectus to “day” or “days” are to a calendar day or to calendar days, respectively. 
19. 
Each Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States 
person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended”. 
20. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the programme is currently unrated. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated BBB (stable outlook) by S&P. S&P is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, S&P is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes to be issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes 
is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant Final 
Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. S&P is not established in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”) and is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings of S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by 
and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 145 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 137 - 
36-41043641 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect the import of such information.  
 
Teleperformance SE 
21-25 rue Balzac 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Duly represented by  
Olivier Rigaudy, Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer 
signed in Paris 
dated 16 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 16 December 2022 is valid until 16 December 2023 and shall, 
within this period and pursuant to the conditions set by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, 
be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has the following approval number: 22-489.

--- Page 146 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 138 - 
36-41043641 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF TELEPERFORMANCE SE 
21-25 rue Balzac 
75008 Paris 
France 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
C/ Sauceda 28 
Asia Building 2nd Floor 
28050 Madrid 
Spain  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland  
 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France 
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris  
France  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)  
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 147 ---
10243808961-v12 
- 139 - 
36-41043641 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
NATIXIS 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon  
75013 Paris  
France 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe, S.A. 
1-5 Rue Paul Cézanne 
75008 Paris 
France 
STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
KPMG Audit IS 
Tour Eqho 
2 avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris La Défense 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-la-Défense Cedex 
France 
LEGAL ADVISORS AS TO FRENCH LAW 
To the Issuer  
To the Joint Lead Managers 
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris  
France  
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 rue d’Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France  
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champs de Tir – CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
MAKE-WHOLE CALCULATION AGENT 
Aether Financial Services 
36 rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France