--- Page 1 ---
07/18866651_1 
1 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 29 DECEMBER 2021 
Teleperformance SE 
(a Societas Europaea incorporated in France) 
€4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this document (the “Base Prospectus”), 
Teleperformance SE (“Teleperformance” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at 
any time exceed €4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) and may be denominated in any currency. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto, each a “Supplement”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus has 
been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and received the approval no. 21-541 on 29 December 2021. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to the regulated market of Euronext Paris (“Euronext Paris”) for the period of twelve (12) months from the 
date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State, provided 
that the Base Prospectus is completed by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following 
the occurrence of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including 
information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect investors’ assessment of the Notes. After 29 December 
2022, the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Euronext Paris is a regulated market (a “Regulated 
Market”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“EU MiFID II”). However, Notes 
that are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes 
will be listed and admitted to trading and if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) 
and as specified in the Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
(given that any exemption regime, as set out in the EU Prospectus Regulation, could apply in contemplation of the relevant issue) will 
be at least €100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) based on the prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of such Notes and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”), as more 
fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (a) in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date 
in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders 
(as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (b) in registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the 
relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed 
in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form 
without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. 
Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where 
applicable, coupons for interest and talons attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) day after the issue

--- Page 2 ---
07/18866651_1 
2 
date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes” 
below) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of 
a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside 
a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme is currently unrated. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term 
debt is currently rated BBB (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As such, 
S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant 
Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. S&P is not established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and is not registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”). The ratings of S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the then prevailing market 
conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus, any document containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, any supplement 
to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA 
will be available for viewing on the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org) (except for documents incorporated by reference 
other 
than 
the 
2020 
URD, 
the 
2019 
URD 
Amendment 
and 
the 
2019 
URD), 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/en-us/) and may be obtained, during normal business hours at the specified offices 
of the Fiscal Agent and each of the Paying Agents (as defined herein). 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” prior to 
purchasing any Notes. 
Arranger 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Dealers 
BBVA 
Barclays 
BNP Paribas 
CIC Market Solutions  
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
J.P. Morgan 
MUFG 
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Wells Fargo Securities

--- Page 3 ---
07/18866651_1 
3 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, and has 
been prepared for the purpose of giving information with regard to Teleperformance SE (the “Issuer”), the Issuer and 
its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group”) and the Notes and according to the particular nature of the Issuer and 
the Notes, contains the necessary information which is material to investors for making an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any documents 
incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and, each of which shall be incorporated 
in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms together comprising a 
prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The information on any websites included in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. No person has been authorised to give any 
information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the 
issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or of the Group since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, 
if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice 
as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial 
needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and 
restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial 
risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness 
of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with 
any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”) or Eurostat, as the case may be, and the INSEE or Eurostat, makes 
no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of 
any of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which such indices stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices 
are determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer 
or the Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, is not responsible for or has not participated in the

--- Page 4 ---
07/18866651_1 
4 
determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in the determination 
or calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the Inflation Indices 
(as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire, non-public 
information with respect to the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the context of Inflation Linked Notes. 
The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any such persons to disclose to the 
Noteholders or any other party such information (whether or not confidential). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and none of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by 
them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. In particular, there 
are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United 
Kingdom, Japan, France, Hong Kong and Singapore. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of 
Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, 
and the Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered 
within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”)). 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled “EU MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor” as 
defined in EU MiFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purposes of the EU MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the EU MiFID 
II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an EU MiFID II regulated entity and does 
not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK 
MIFIR 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
(in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or

--- Page 5 ---
07/18866651_1 
5 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) – The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” which will state the product classification of 
the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the “SFA”). The 
Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for 
purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to 
“relevant persons” for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other charges 
or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. 
In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial 
instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s 
jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the

--- Page 6 ---
07/18866651_1 
6 
Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect 
to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the 
specific situation of the potential investor. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial transactions tax 
(“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax is still uncertain as well 
as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in 
the Notes would be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective 
holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including 
France) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of 
the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.  
A rating assigned to the Notes by any rating agency is based on the Issuer’s financial situation, but takes into account 
other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the Notes, and reflects only the 
views of the rating agency. The rating may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The rating 
addresses the likelihood of full and timely payment to the Noteholders of all payments of interest on each interest 
payment date and repayment of principal on the final payment date. There is no assurance that any such rating will 
continue for any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the 
rating agency as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating agency’s judgement, 
circumstances so warrant. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the 
Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.  
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus or 
any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information incorporated by 
reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of

--- Page 7 ---
07/18866651_1 
7 
the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any 
investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in financing, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or 
their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
(including parent companies) may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member State 
of the EEA.

--- Page 8 ---
07/18866651_1 
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 18 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 31 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER’S SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY ............................................ 39 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ............................................................................................. 44 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................ 45 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 46 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES . 95 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 96 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .............................................................................................................. 97 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 108 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS.................................................................................................................114 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 130 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS . 134

--- Page 9 ---
07/18866651_1 
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a summary within the meaning of the EU Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions. 
Issuer:  
Teleperformance SE  
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 
9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.teleperformance.com   
Description:  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of Notes 
(the “Programme”). 
Arranger:  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Dealers:  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan AG 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe, S.A. 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of 
one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time.

--- Page 10 ---
07/18866651_1 
10 
 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Amended and 
Restated Dealer Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Société Générale 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: 
Aether Financial Services 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out 
in a final terms to this Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
any maturity from seven (7) calendar days from the date of original 
issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, US Dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, 
Sterling and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
EU MiFID II (a “Regulated Market”) in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in respect of principal, 
interest and other amounts, will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject 
to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French

--- Page 11 ---
07/18866651_1 
11 
law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
unsubordinated and unsecured financial obligations of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding.  
Negative Pledge: 
Noteholders will have the benefit of a negative pledge in respect of the 
Notes as set out in Condition 4. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Negative Pledge”. 
Events of Default: 
(including cross default) 
Noteholders will have the benefit of events of default and a cross-
default in respect of the Notes as set out in Condition 9. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default”. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws 
and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) 
having a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, 
and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make-
Whole Redemption Option”, “Residual Maturity Call Option”, 
“Squeeze-Out Call Option” and “Redemption on Acquisition Event” 
below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons.  
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a Change of 
Control: 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, following the occurrence of a Put Event, the Noteholders will 
be entitled to request the Issuer to redeem the Notes, or, at the Issuer’s 
option, procure the purchase of their Notes. See “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Redemption at the Option of Noteholders following a 
Change of Control”. 
Make-Whole Redemption Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or 
in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date at 
their 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount. 
The 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the 
nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then 
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal,

--- Page 12 ---
07/18866651_1 
12 
interest or other amounts payable (in particular, with respect to 
Sustainability-Linked Notes (i) the applicable Step Up Margin from the 
relevant Interest Step Up Payment Date and/or (ii) the applicable 
Premium Payment Amount from the relevant Premium Payment Date, 
on the assumption that the Issuer will fail to satisfy the Sustainability 
Performance Targets on the Target Observation Date, unless either or 
both Sustainability Performance Targets (as the case may be) have been 
achieved for the most recent Sustainability Period prior to the Make-
Whole Call Notice for which an Assurance Report is available (as set 
out in such Assurance Report and as confirmed by an SPT Verification 
Assurance Certificate), in which case (a) if both Sustainability 
Performance Targets have been satisfied, no Step Up Margin or 
Premium Payment Amount shall be taken into account and (b) if only 
one Sustainability Performance Target has been satisfied, the 
Intermediate Step Up Margin and/or, as the case may be, the 
Intermediate Premium Payment Amount, shall apply) on such Notes 
(not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date from the relevant Maturity Date or, as 
the case may be, the Call Option Date if a Residual Maturity Call 
Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms at the 
Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole but 
not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the Call Option Date, 
which shall be no earlier than (i) three (3) months before the Maturity 
Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than ten (10) 
years or (ii) six (6) months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes 
having a maturity of more than ten (10) years, until the Maturity Date. 
Squeeze-Out Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any 
other percentage above as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Squeeze-Out Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased 
and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the 
Notes in whole but not in part at their Squeeze-Out Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Acquisition Event Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if an Acquisition Event 
occurs, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part or, if so

--- Page 13 ---
07/18866651_1 
13 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Redemption on Acquisition Event”. 
Taxation in respect of the Notes: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied or collected 
by or on behalf of France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
If such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will have to 
gross-up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law and 
subject to certain exceptions.  
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons could be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA. There will be 
no grossing up provision and, accordingly, no early redemption 
whatsoever in case of any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to FATCA. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (“ISDA”) or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA, each as amended, 
supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of Notes ; or 
 
(b) by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR or CMS Rate (or such other 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), in 
each case as adjusted for any applicable margin, 
in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin.  
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.

--- Page 14 ---
07/18866651_1 
14 
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the sake 
of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the interest payable 
is discontinued, the Conditions of the Notes provide a methodology to 
determine the successor or alternative rates. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed 
to a Floating, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms.  
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
Step Up Option 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
issued by the Issuer may be subject to a Step Up Option if the relevant 
Final Terms indicate that the Step Up Option is applicable. If the Step 
Up Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and a Step Up Event occurs, the Rate of Interest (or the applicable 
Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) for each Interest Period 
from and including the Interest Payment Step Up Date until the 
Maturity Date, shall be the sum of the Initial Rate of Interest (or the 
initial Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) and the applicable 
Step Up Margin. For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of 
Interest may occur no more than once in respect of a Series of Notes.  
Premium Payment Option 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
issued by the Issuer may be subject to a Premium Payment if the 
relevant Final Terms indicate that the Premium Payment is applicable. 
The Issuer shall pay in respect of each Note of a Series an amount equal 
to the applicable Premium Payment Amount on the Premium Payment 
Date if a Premium Trigger Event has occurred. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
and/or the principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by 
reference to an inflation index ratio derived from either: 
(i) 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households 
in metropolitan France, as calculated and published monthly by 
the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques; 
or 
(ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco, or 
the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and 
published monthly by Eurostat.

--- Page 15 ---
07/18866651_1 
15 
Redenomination:  
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU or of the 
UK which will participate in the single currency of the EMU may be 
redenominated into Euro, all as more fully provided in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title and 
Redenomination” below.  
Consolidation:  
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series 
as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further 
Issues and Consolidation”.  
Form of Notes:  
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (“Dematerialised 
Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”).  
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer be issued in bearer 
form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered 
(au nominatif pur) or administrated registered (au nominatif 
administré) form. 
 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised Notes 
are to be issued in bearer form only, or in registered (including both 
fully registered (nominatif pur) and administrated registered (nominatif 
administré)) form only. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France. 
Governing Law:  
French law. 
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France in relation to Dematerialised Notes. 
Clearing Systems:  
Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system (provided proper 
clearing and settlement procedures have previously been put in place) 
that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes:  
At least one (1) Paris Business Day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes:  
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or 
with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 16 ---
07/18866651_1 
16 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Listing and Admission to Trading:  
The Regulated Market of Euronext Paris (“Euronext Paris”) or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes may 
or may not be listed and admitted to trading. 
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms related to the Notes listed and admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market in the EEA will be published on the websites of the 
Issuer (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/) and of the 
Autorité des marches financiers (“AMF”) (www.amf-france.org). The 
Final Terms will indicate where the Base Prospectus may be obtained.  
Representation of the Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in 
each case, the “Masse”). 
The 
Masse 
will 
act 
in 
part 
through 
a 
representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the 
Noteholders. The names and addresses of the Representative will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any 
Series of the Notes will be the representative of the single Masse of all 
Tranches in such Series. 
Selling Restrictions:  
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”.  
 
The Notes to be issued qualify under Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code) (the “D Rules”) unless the relevant Final 
Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with 
US Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) (the “C Rules”), or 
(ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with 
the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will 
not constitute “registration required obligations” under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), 
which circumstance will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes. 
Rating:  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term debt of the Issuer 
is currently rated BBB (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union and is

--- Page 17 ---
07/18866651_1 
17 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As such, S&P is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation published on the ESMA’s website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating 
organisation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
S&P is not established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”), nor is it 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The ratings of 
S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited  in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. 
As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 18 ---
07/18866651_1 
18 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the risk factors set out below are 
limited to those that are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and material to an informed investor’s decision to invest 
in the Notes. These risks are ranked and presented in decreasing order of importance within each category (and in no 
particular order of importance between categories). 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors should read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated 
by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer  
The risks that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations issued under the Programme, are set out in particular 
on pages 48 to 59 of the 2020 URD (as defined in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) of the 
Issuer incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as set out in the section “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” of this Base Prospectus, and the categories and headings of each risk factor is set out below. 
 
Strategic risks 
 
Operating risks 
 
Legal and regulatory risks 
 
Financial risks 
Risk factors relating to the Notes  
The following is a description of risk factors in relation to the Notes which set out the most material risks (in descending 
order of importance), taking into account the negative impact of such risks on the Issuer and the probability of their 
occurrence. Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with 
investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular 
circumstances. 
1 
Risk Factors relating to all Series of Notes 
(a) 
Economic and financial Risks 
Credit Risk 
Since the Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer as contemplated in Condition 3 (Status of the 
Notes), benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on 
the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The Issuer has been assigned a long-term 
credit rating of BBB (stable outlook) by S&P, and the value of the Notes will depend on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and the level of such credit rating (as may be impacted by the risks relating 
to the Issuer described above). If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential adverse 
impact on the Noteholders could be very significant because (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or

--- Page 19 ---
07/18866651_1 
19 
part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, in 
particular if the credit rating deteriorates, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated 
Market as may be agreed with the Issuer, provided that a passporting application may be made for a period 
of twelve (12) months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF, for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. However, Notes issued under the 
Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there may be no 
active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded 
after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer. 
In relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated 
Market, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If 
an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price 
and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected as Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that would provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. 
This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The 
degree of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of the 
Notes where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, the 
impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a 
discount to the nominal value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are 
introduced in the markets in such circumstances where there is no trading market for the Notes, this may 
have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Market Value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of 
additional factors, including the value of an index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of an index, 
market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and 
application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market. 
The value of the Notes or the Inflation Indices depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France, in the United Kingdom (including Brexit) or elsewhere, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are 
traded. The historical level of the Inflation Index is not an indication of such index’s future performance 
during the term of any Note. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity

--- Page 20 ---
07/18866651_1 
20 
may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
Noteholder and result in losing part of their investment in the Notes.  
Exchange Rates risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a “Specified Currency”). 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a 
number of factors, including financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability of the Specified 
Currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such 
Note. If this risk were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or 
dependent principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be 
negatively impacted. As a result, investors might receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at 
worst, no interest or principal. 
(b) 
Legal Risks 
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a societas europaea incorporated in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, 
where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as 
amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, applicable as 
from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which 
reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be 
formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed 
restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto 
power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or 
several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be 
overridden by a cross-class cram down.

--- Page 21 ---
07/18866651_1 
21 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of each Series of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a 
class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose 
all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them 
from the Issuer. 
Modification and Waivers 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) contains provisions for calling General Meetings of 
Noteholders or consulting them by way of Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not participate in the relevant General Meeting or Written Resolutions and Noteholders who voted in 
a manner contrary to the majority. General Meetings or Written Resolutions may deliberate on any 
proposal relating to the modification of the conditions of the Notes subject to the limitation provided by 
French law and the Terms and Conditions.  
While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Terms and Conditions will need to be amended by 
way of a Collective Decision during the life of the Notes, if it were necessary it is possible that a majority 
of Noteholders could adopt a Collective Decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way 
that could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, for example by waiving certain rights temporarily 
or permanently or by amending the financial conditions of the Notes and reducing their yield for 
Noteholders. These amendments could in turn have the effect of reducing the market value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, in accordance with Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders), Article L.228-65 I 1° and 
6° of the French Code de commerce (only in respect of the modification of the Issuer’s corporate purposes) 
is excluded. As a consequence, no General Meeting will be held nor Written Resolutions will be taken in 
relation to a change of the Issuer’s corporate purposes or corporate form as well as any transfer of the 
registered office of the Issuer, which is a societas europaea incorporated in France, into another Member 
State of the EU, and such changes may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and Noteholders may 
not be able to sell their Notes on the market. 
2 
Risk Factors relating to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry 
varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, the 
provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
(a) 
Risk Factors relating to the Interest payable on the Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest (“Fixed Rate Notes”) involves the risk that if market 
interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid in the Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect 
the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Fixed 
Rate Notes to Noteholders (see Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)). While the nominal interest 
rate of a Fixed Rate Note is specified in the relevant Final Terms and is determined for the term of such 
Note or a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) typically varies on 
a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Fixed Rate Note on the secondary 
market varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate 
Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest

--- Page 22 ---
07/18866651_1 
22 
Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the 
yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. Movements of the Market 
Interest Rate are hard to anticipate and can adversely affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Movements in the Market Interest Rate could have a very significant impact on the Noteholders as selling 
the Notes during a period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes could 
cause the Noteholders to lose part of the capital they had invested. This risk is exacerbated by the fact that 
the Market Interest Rate typically varies on a daily basis, as mentioned above. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes  
A key difference between Notes that bear interest at a floating rate of interest (“Floating Rate Notes”) 
and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Floating Rate Notes to Noteholders (see Condition 5(c) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes)). The floating rate of interest is comprised 
of a reference rate and a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. 
Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or 
six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the 
market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market 
interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these 
Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This stated volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid 
to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes (“Fixed/Floating Rate Notes”) with a fixed 
rate of interest that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 5(d) 
(Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)). Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. The conversion (whether it 
be automatic or optional) of the interest rate may affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes since the conversion may produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is converted to 
a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. The conversion from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future 
market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value 
of the Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating 
Rate Notes”.

--- Page 23 ---
07/18866651_1 
23 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bond 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes (“Zero Coupon Notes”) pursuant 
to Condition 5(f) (Zero Coupon Notes). Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger 
impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted 
issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer 
higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage 
effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. It is 
difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Where, pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes), the relevant Final Terms 
for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by 
reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the Constant Maturity Swap rate (“CMS Rate”) and other indices which are deemed to 
be “benchmarks”, investors should be aware that such “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to change their methodology or other terms, to disappear entirely or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a significant adverse effect 
on the liquidity, market value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such a 
“benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”), among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised 
entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
In the United Kingdom, the EU Benchmarks Regulation which forms part of the United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) provides similar 
provisions.  
 
Under Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, an index provider may continue to provide an 
existing benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark, or an existing benchmark that has 
been recognised as a critical benchmark may be used for existing and new financial instruments until 31 
December 2021.  
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with 
the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to 
designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national 
authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes 
issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provisions or no suitable fallback provisions 
before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision

--- Page 24 ---
07/18866651_1 
24 
included in Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) a benchmark is replaced by a 
benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the 
economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such 
benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties as to the application of these 
regulatory provisions as implementing acts must be adopted. In addition, the transitional provisions 
applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The Commission is 
empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark discontinuation) which seek to 
offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom in accordance with the EUWA could 
have a material impact on the market value and return of any Notes referencing a “benchmark”, including 
in any of the following circumstances:  
 
(i) 
an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction 
or in a non-United Kingdom jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the relevant “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or the EU Benchmarks Regulation as 
it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom in accordance with the EUWA and such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (including LIBOR, EURIBOR and 
CMS Rate): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such 
“benchmarks”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) lead 
to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes 
linked to a “benchmark”. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Notes which are linked to such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if 
deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as further explained above. 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this 
may (i) if ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), be relying upon the provision 
by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies

--- Page 25 ---
07/18866651_1 
25 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
 
Floating Rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, and LIBOR, EURIBOR or another Reference Rate has been 
selected as the Reference Rate, Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) provides that the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the 
Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or 
replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen 
Page is available, Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) provides for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates 
for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original 
Reference Rate was unavailable (and solely in the context that such unavailability does not qualify as a 
Benchmark Event). Uncertainty as to the continuation of such Original Reference Rate, the availability of 
quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if such Original Reference Rate is 
unavailable may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a)) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or 
referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions of the 
Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without 
any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions of the 
Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or 
apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may 
not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders, Receiptholders and

--- Page 26 ---
07/18866651_1 
26 
Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may 
nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) may still result in Notes linked to or referencing 
the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has 
failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will 
continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding 
Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next 
succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate 
of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate 
of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the floating rate Notes, in effect, 
becoming fixed rate Notes. Noteholders may, in such circumstances, be materially affected and receive a 
lower interest as they would have expected if an Independent Adviser had been determined or if such 
Independent Adviser did not fail to determine such Successor or Alternative Rate. 
Risk Factors relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c)(iv), the Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked 
Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments and/or in respect of 
which the principal is indexed. Interest amounts and/or principal will be dependent upon the performance 
of either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France 
(the “CPI”), as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (“INSEE”), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco, or the 
relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) (each an “Inflation Index” and 
together, the “Inflation Indices”). If the value of the relevant index calculated at anytime prior to the 
maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the 
time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal

--- Page 27 ---
07/18866651_1 
27 
of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders may receive no interest. However, if the nominal amount 
to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will be redeemed at par.  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices are an indication of future 
performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. 
The above-mentioned factors could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and investors 
could lose all or part of their investment. 
(b) 
Risk Factors relating to the Redemption of the Notes 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes or 
Coupons pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts), due to any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France or a political subdivision thereof 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with Condition 6(k) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). Such early redemption would be at 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes, which in almost all cases would be their principal amount. 
Whilst it is not possible to anticipate the likelihood of any change requiring the Issuer to be obliged to 
increase the amounts payable pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts), nor whether the Issuer 
would exercise its early redemption option as a result, any such exercise may have a very significant 
impact on the Noteholders. As a result of such early redemption the yields received upon redemption may 
be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for 
the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, 
so that the Noteholder in such circumstances would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular 
issue of Notes, could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer including a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer as described in Condition 6(d) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), a Make-Whole Redemption Option as described in 
Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption Option), a Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer as 
described in Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option), a Squeeze-Out Call Option as described in 
Condition 6(f) (Squeeze-Out Call Option), a Redemption on Acquisition Event by the Issuer as described 
in Condition 6(g) (Redemption on Acquisition Event). As a result and only in the event that the Issuer 
decided to exercise any of the above options activated in the relevant Final Terms, the yields received 
upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than 
the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. In such circumstances, part of the capital invested 
by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder would not receive the total amount of the capital 
invested. Furthermore, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption 
may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The above factors mean that the very existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of 
Notes could limit the market value of such Notes. 
In addition, if a Residual Maturity Call Option (in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity 
Call Option)), is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes

--- Page 28 ---
07/18866651_1 
28 
pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption Option (in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option)) before the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the calculation 
of the Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by reference to the relevant Call Option Date 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining scheduled 
payment of interest shall be deemed to fall on the Call Option Date (rather than the relevant Maturity 
Date) which would result in a reduced rate of return on the Notes than a Noteholder would have otherwise 
received pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes for Series of Notes where a Residual Maturity Call Option has not been specified. 
In particular, with respect to the Squeeze-out Call Option (in accordance with Condition 6(f) (Squeeze-
out Call Option)), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when the Squeeze-Out 
Percentage (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be reached, and the 
Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in 
respect of the exercise of the Squeeze-out Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly 
above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested or lower than expected returns. 
If (i) an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) the Issuer publicly 
announces that the consummation of the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms) is not pursued or the completion of the acquisition has not occurred on or prior to the 
Acquisition Event Limit Date, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part or, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, at the Optional Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued on the Notes as provided in Condition 6(g) (Redemption on Acquisition Event) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
An early redemption of part of a Series of Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same 
Series in respect of which such option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption is made, 
either at the option of the Issuer provided in Conditions 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and 
Partial Redemption) or 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or at the option of the Noteholders 
provided in Conditions 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders), Condition 6(l) (Redemption 
at the Option of the Noteholders following a Change of Control) or following an event of default (as 
provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default)), any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of 
which such option is not exercised may become illiquid which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, 
may have a direct and adverse impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. In 
addition, investors may not be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in 
securities with the same yield as the redeemed Notes. 
(c) 
Risks related to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Risks that may result from the structure of the financial incentives of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
As provided in Condition 5(e), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Fixed Rate Notes may specify that 
the Notes will be issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes with a Step Up Option and/or a Premium Payment 
which will be triggered if a Sustainability Trigger Event occurs. A Sustainability Trigger Event may occur 
(i) if the Issuer fails to satisfy any Sustainability Performance Target on the relevant Target Observation 
Date, or (ii) if the Issuer fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance 
Report or, if applicable, the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iv).

--- Page 29 ---
07/18866651_1 
29 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi legal 
standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. In particular, the Sustainability-
Linked Notes are not being marketed as “green bonds”, “social bonds” or “sustainable bonds” as the 
relevant net proceeds of the issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes will be used for the Issuer's general 
corporate purposes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer does not commit to 
(i) allocate the relevant net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting sustainability 
criteria or (ii) be subject to any other limitations or requirements that may be associated with green bonds, 
social bonds or sustainability bonds in any particular market, except as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. In this context, there may be adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts resulting from the 
Issuer's efforts to achieve any Sustainability Performance Target or from the use of the net proceeds from 
the offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment and/or premium payment in respect of the above-mentioned 
Sustainability-Linked Notes when the Step Up Option and/or Premium Payment is selected in the Final 
Terms, as contemplated by Condition 5(e), will depend on the Issuer achieving, or not achieving, the 
Sustainability Performance Targets specified in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Series of Notes 
which may be inconsistent with or insufficient to satisfy investor requirements or expectations. The 
Issuer's Sustainability Performance Targets are aimed at reducing GHG emissions and carbon reduction, 
as further described in the section “Description of the Issuer's Sustainability Strategy” of this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer's Sustainability Performance Targets are therefore uniquely tailored to the Issuer's 
business, operations and capabilities, and does not easily lend itself to benchmarking against similar 
sustainability performance targets, and the related performance, of other issuers. 
Risks that may result from the failure to meet the Sustainability Performance Targets 
When the Step Up Option or, as the case may be, Premium Payment, is selected in the Final Terms and 
the relevant Sustainability Performance Target is not met, although it will give rise to an interest rate 
adjustment or premium payment in accordance with Condition 5(e), it will not be an Event of Default 
under the Sustainability-Linked Notes nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes in such circumstances. Certain investors may have portfolio mandates or may 
wish to dispose of their Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the Sustainability-Linked Notes may be 
excluded from any Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”)-related securities or other 
equivalently-labelled index upon the occurrence of an interest step up upon the failure to achieve any 
Sustainability Performance Target, even if the resulting interest step up has the effect of increasing the 
yield on the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes which may have material consequences for the future 
trading prices of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In addition, the failure of the Issuer to achieve its Sustainability Performance Targets could also harm the 
Issuer's reputation, the consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations and ultimately its ability 
to fulfil its payments obligations in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
Risks of change in standards and guidelines and of recalculation 
The Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI underlying the Sustainability Performance Targets of the Issuer is 
calculated in accordance with standards and guidelines mentioned and defined in the section “Description 
of the Issuer's Sustainability Strategy”, in particular the GHG Protocol Standard.  
These standards and guidelines mentioned above may change over time and the Issuer will apply these as 
they may be amended and updated from time to time to calculate its Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI. As

--- Page 30 ---
07/18866651_1 
30 
a consequence, the way in which the Issuer calculates its Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI may also change 
over time. Such change (in particular in the calculation methods) could lead to an increase or decrease of 
the performance of the Issuer in relation to any of its Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI while still being 
able to satisfy the Sustainability Performance Targets and avoiding the occurrence of a Sustainability 
Trigger Event (as defined in Condition 5(e)) and the payment to the Noteholders of an adjusted interest 
rate pursuant to the Step Up Option or the applicable Premium Payment Amount (both as defined in 
Condition 5(e)).  
In addition, changes to the calculation methodology of any Sustainability Performance Target or change 
in data due to better data accessibility or any change in the Issuer's perimeter (due to an acquisition, a 
merger or a demerger or other restructuring (scission ou apport partiel d'actifs), an amalgamation, a 
consolidation or other form of reorganisation, a spin-off, a disposal or a sale of assets) and/or in its organic 
business development, individually or in aggregate in relation to the Group, that may have a significant 
impact (i.e. in aggregate, 5 per cent. or more) on the levels of the Sustainability Performance Targets may 
give rise to a recalculation of the baseline, of the Baseline Date and/or the Sustainability Performance 
Targets. Any such recalculation may be made without the prior consultation of the Noteholders provided 
that that (i) in the opinion of the Issuer, such change has no adverse effect on the interests of the 
Noteholders and (ii) an External Verifier or SBTi has confirmed that the proposed recalculation is 
consistent with the Issuer's strategy and the initial level of ambition of the Sustainability Performance 
Targets, as further specified in Condition 5(e). In all other circumstances, the Noteholders must be 
consulted.  
As a consequence, any of these changes to the standards, guidelines or in the calculation methodology 
may not be in line with investors' expectations. Such changes may have a negative effect on the market 
value of the Notes.  
There is no legal, regulatory or market definition of or standardized criteria for what constitutes a 
“sustainability-linked”, “Climate KPI-linked”, “ESG-linked” or other equivalently labelled finance 
instrument, and any such designations made by third parties with respect to the Sustainability-
Linked Notes have not been endorsed by the Issuer nor form part of this Base Prospectus  
The Sustainability-Linked Notes may include an interest step up and/or a premium payment linked to the 
non-achievement of any Sustainability Performance Target by the Issuer as further described in Condition 
5(e). There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes, a “sustainability-linked”, a “Climate KPI-linked”, “ESG-linked” or an equivalently 
labelled financial instrument, and legislative and non-governmental developments in respect of 
sustainable finance are numerous and continue to evolve. As a result, Noteholders as investors and the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes as investments may not respect, or may cease during the life of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes to respect, certain requirements, whether legislation, taxonomies, standards 
or other investment criteria or guidelines. In particular, the Sustainability-Linked Notes may not qualify, 
or may cease during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to qualify, for certain dedicated 
sustainability-linked bond, ESG-related securities or other equivalently-labelled indexes that may be 
important for the Noteholders to comply with, whether by any present or future applicable laws or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to the climate 
KPI-linked or sustainability-linked objectives.  
Should the Sustainability-Linked Notes not meet the requirements of the Noteholders, this could have 
material consequences for the value of such Noteholder’s investment and/or require such Noteholder to 
dispose of the Sustainability-Linked Notes at the then prevailing market price.

--- Page 31 ---
07/18866651_1 
31 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
filed with the AMF for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and shall be deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the pages referred to in the table below included in the Issuer’s 2021 half-year financial report (rapport 
financier semestriel) in the French language1 dated 28 July 2021 (the “2021 Half-Year Financial Report”) 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/media/8086372/rapport-financier-30-06-21-fr-vdef.pdf); 
(b) 
the pages referred to in the table below included in the Issuer’s 2020 universal registration document 
(document d’enregistrement universel) in the French language filed with the AMF under N° 21-0080, dated 
26 
February 
2021 
(the 
“2020 
URD”) 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/media/7642365/teleperformance_deu_2020_fr.pdf); 
(c) 
the pages referred to in the table below included in the amendment to the Issuer’s 2019 universal registration 
document (document d’enregistrement universel) in the French language filed with the AMF under N° D. 20-
0091-A01, 
dated 
19 
November 
2020 
(the 
“2019 
URD 
Amendment”) 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/media/6882026/tpse_amendement-urd-2019.pdf);  
(d) 
the pages referred to in the table below included in the Issuer’s 2019 universal registration document 
(document d’enregistrement universel) in the French language filed with the AMF under N° D.20-0091, dated 
2 
March 
2020 
(the 
“2019 
URD”) 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/media/5448625/teleperformance-document-
denregistrement-universel-2019.pdf); and 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 November 2020 
(the 
“EMTN 
Previous 
Conditions”) 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/media/6883840/prospectus_teleperformance-
prospectus-de-base-2020-version-finale-avec-numero-d_approbation.pdf), 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference into this 
Base 
Prospectus 
may 
be 
obtained, 
free 
of 
charge 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/). Provision of such documents does not constitute a 
representation that such documents have not been modified or superseded in whole or in part as specified above. The 
Base Prospectus and any supplement to the Base Prospectus will also be available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). 
The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites of (x) the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (y) the Issuer (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/). If the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether 
additional methods of publication are required and what they consist of. 
 
1   
For information purposes only, the English language translations of (i) the 2021 Half-Year Financial Report, (ii) the 2020 URD, (iii) the 2019 
URD Amendment and (iv) the 2019 URD, are available in the English language of the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/en-us/regulated-information/annual-and-half-yearly-documents). These English language 
translations are not incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 32 ---
07/18866651_1 
32 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites which 
appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
is set out in the cross reference table below. Where only certain parts of the information requested to be disclosed by 
the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the “Commission 
Delegated Regulation”) supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation are incorporated by reference, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant for investors or contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any information not listed in the cross reference table below, but included in the documents listed above is given for 
information purposes only. 
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows: 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2021 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
Amendment 
2019 URD 
2 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
 
 
 
2.1 
Names and addresses of the 
issuer’s auditors for the period 
covered 
by 
the 
historical 
financial information (together 
with their membership in a 
professional body). 
Page 37 
Page 308 
Page 84 
Page 258 
2.2 
If auditors have resigned, been 
removed 
or 
not 
been 
re-
appointed during the period 
covered 
by 
the 
historical 
financial information, details if 
material. 
 
 
 
 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material 
risks that are specific to the issuer 
and that may affect the issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section 
headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
In each category the most 
material risks, in the assessment 
of the issuer, offeror or person 
asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact on 
the issuer and the probability of 
their occurrence, shall be set out 
first. The risk factors shall be 
 
Pages 47 to 60

--- Page 33 ---
07/18866651_1 
33 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2021 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
Amendment 
2019 URD 
corroborated by the content of 
the registration document. 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of 
the Issuer: 
 
 
 
 
4.1.1 the legal and commercial name 
of the Issuer; 
 
Page 290 
 
 
4.1.2 the place of registration of the 
issuer and its registration number 
and 
legal 
entity 
identifier 
(‘LEI’); 
 
Page 290 
 
 
4.1.3 the date of incorporation and the 
length of life of the Issuer, except 
where the period is indefinite; 
and 
 
Page 290 
 
 
4.1.4 the domicile and legal form of 
the issuer, the legislation under 
which the issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal 
place of business if different 
from its registered office) and 
website of the issuer, if any, with 
a disclaimer that the information 
on the website does not form part 
of the prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
 
Page 290 
 
 
4.1.5 Any recent events particular to 
the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an 
evaluation 
of 
the 
issuer’s 
solvency. 
Pages 9 and 28 Pages 6 and 43

--- Page 34 ---
07/18866651_1 
34 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2021 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
Amendment 
2019 URD 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities: 
 
 
 
 
5.1.1 A brief description of the issuer’s 
principal activities stating the 
main categories of products sold 
and/or services performed; and 
 
Pages 15 to 21 
 
 
5.1.2 The basis for any statements in 
the registration document made 
by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position. 
 
Pages 21 to 29 
 
  
6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a 
brief description of the group and 
the issuer’s position within the 
group. This may be in the form 
of, or accompanied by, a diagram 
of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure. 
 
Pages 45-46 
and 255 to 258 
 
 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon 
other entities within the group, 
this must be clearly stated 
together with an explanation of 
this dependence. 
 
Pages 45-46 
 
 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and 
functions in the issuer of the 
following 
persons, 
and 
an 
indication 
of 
the 
principal 
activities performed by them 
outside the issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that 
issuer: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
 
(a) Pages 119 
to 144 
 
 
 
(b) 
partners 
with 
unlimited 
liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
 
(b) Not 
Applicable

--- Page 35 ---
07/18866651_1 
35 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2021 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
Amendment 
2019 URD 
9.2 
Administrative, Management, 
and 
Supervisory 
bodies 
conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests 
between any duties to the issuer, 
of the persons referred to in item 
9.1, and their private interests 
and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that 
there are no such conflicts, a 
statement to that effect must be 
made. 
 
Page 142 
 
 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the 
issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such 
control, 
and 
describe 
the 
measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
 
Page 299 
 
 
10.2 
A 
description 
of 
any 
arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in 
a change in control of the issuer. 
 
Page 301 
 
 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS 
AND LOSSES 
 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical Financial 
Information 
 
 
 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial 
years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer has 
been in operation and the audit 
report in respect of each year.  
Pages 4 to 26 
and 37 
Pages 218 to 
261 
Page 43 
Pages 169 to 
214 
 
(a) balance sheet; 
Page 4 
Page 218 
Page 43 
Page 170 
 
(b) income statement; 
Page 5 
Page 219 
Page 43 
Page 171 
 
(c) cash flow statement; and 
Page 6 
Page 220 
Page 43 
Page 172

--- Page 36 ---
07/18866651_1 
36 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2021 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
Amendment 
2019 URD 
 
(d) accounting policies and 
explanatory notes 
Pages 8 to 26 
Pages 222 to 
258 
Page 43 
Pages 174 to 
211 
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
Pages 9-10 
Pages 223 to 
225 
Page 43 
Pages 175 to 
178 
 
The financial information must 
be 
prepared 
according 
to 
International 
Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed 
in the Union based on Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002. 
 
 
 
 
11.1.5 Consolidated 
financial 
statements 
Pages 4 to 26 
Pages 218 to 
258 
Page 43 
Pages 169 to 
211 
 
If the issuer prepares both stand-
alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the 
consolidated financial statements 
in the registration document. 
 
 
 
 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual 
financial information 
 
 
 
 
11.2.1 The historical annual financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently audited. The audit 
report shall be prepared in 
accordance 
with 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014. 
 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
537/2014 do not apply, the 
historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on as 
to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair 
view in accordance with auditing 
standards 
applicable 
in 
a 
Member State or an equivalent 
standard. 
Otherwise, 
the 
following information must be 
included 
in 
the 
registration 
document: 
 
(a) a 
prominent 
statement 
disclosing which auditing 
standards 
have 
been 
 
 
Pages 259 to 
261 
 
Pages 212 to 
214

--- Page 37 ---
07/18866651_1 
37 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
2021 Half-
Year 
Financial 
Report 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
Amendment 
2019 URD 
applied; 
 
(b)an 
explanation 
of 
any 
significant 
departures 
from 
International 
Standards 
on 
Auditing. 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the 
historical financial information 
have 
been 
refused 
by 
the 
statutory auditors or where they 
contain 
qualifications, 
modifications 
of 
opinion, 
disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, the reason must be given, 
and 
such 
qualifications, 
modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be 
reproduced in full. 
 
 
 
Page 212 
11.3 
Legal 
and 
arbitration 
proceedings 
 
 
 
 
11.3.1 Information 
on 
any 
governmental, 
legal 
or 
arbitration 
proceedings 
(including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened 
of which the issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least 
the previous 12 months which 
may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on 
the 
issuer 
and/or 
group’s 
financial position or profitability, 
or 
provide 
an 
appropriate 
negative statement. 
 
Page 253 
 
 
12 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
 
 
 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material 
contracts that are not entered into 
in the ordinary course of the 
issuer’s business, which could 
result in any group member 
being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the 
issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligation to security holders in 
respect of the securities being 
issued. 
 
Page 203

--- Page 38 ---
07/18866651_1 
38 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the sole purpose of further 
issues of Notes to be consolidated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued pursuant to the 
EMTN Previous Conditions. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Base prospectus dated 19 November 2020 
Pages 37 to 81

--- Page 39 ---
07/18866651_1 
39 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER’S SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 
 
The information in this section is provided in addition to the description of the Issuer’s sustainability strategy set out 
on the following pages of the 2020 URD: 
Information in relation to the Group’s Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) strategy 
Page numbers in the 2020 URD 
• 
Teleperformance Business model 
• 
Extra-financial risks and opportunities 
• 
Materiality analysis 
• 
CSR vision and priorities 
 
Pages 70 – 75 
• 
Teleperformance Environmental responsibility 
 
Pages 97 – 107 
 
 
The Group’s CSR Strategy 
The Issuer’s mission is to “help brands, businesses and government agencies find solutions to their customers’ and 
citizens’ daily problems”. The Group therefore specialises in handling relations with brands and governments. The 
Group’s vision is that, in an increasingly automated world driven by a growing need for efficiency and speed, “Each 
interaction matters”. The Issuer aims to become the preferred high-tech, high-touch partner for major brands and 
distributors as well as emerging companies by efficiently managing their daily interactions with customers, while 
ensuring total security.  
To fulfil the Group’s mission and meet the expectations of its main stakeholders, the Issuer has made three 
commitments in keeping with Group strategy: 
- 
To be the preferred employer in the market, the Issuer is focusing on developing a Great Place to Work® 
ecosystem: aiming to be the best employer in the sector in order to hire, train and retain the best people. 
- 
To be a trusted partner for all Group stakeholders by adopting the most stringent ethical standards and delivering 
long-term value. 
- 
To be a Force of Good within the Group’s sphere of influence by helping to create jobs and build the local 
economy, positively impacting communities, and promoting sustainable use of natural resources. 
 
1. Selection of Key Performance Indicator: Carbon Intensity Reduction 
 
The Issuer has selected carbon intensity reduction as the key performance indicator, which is core, relevant, and 
material to its business and measures progress against its sustainability commitments. 
1.1. Rationale 
In 2015, the COP21 Paris climate agreement set goals for limiting global warming and advocating reorientation of the 
world economy toward a low-carbon model. 
In February 2020, the World Economic Forum announced that, for the first time in its history, the five most probable 
global risks all relate to climate change and the environment. Moreover, according to the latest special report of the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), climate change is already affecting many industries and regions 
around the world, and its impacts will continue to increase in the near future. Covid-19 has also highlighted the urgent 
need to adopt more environmentally-friendly and sustainable practices in the global economy, and has amplified the 
call for transparency surrounding environmental factors in corporate strategy and governance.

--- Page 40 ---
07/18866651_1 
40 
The Group’s presence in more than 80 countries increases its exposure to geopolitical risks and health crises, including 
epidemics and natural disasters, which may be aggravated by climate change. 
The Group began its approach to sustainable development and the fight against climate change in 2008 with the launch 
of the Citizen of the Planet (COTP) programme, which aims to promote responsible and environmentally friendly 
operations. 
The Issuer is committed to reducing the environmental impact of its operational activities at each of its sites. The main 
environmental impact of the Issuer’s business activities relates to GHG emissions. Its business does not generate 
material direct emissions into the atmosphere, water or ground, nor does it create any particular noise disturbance for 
the local community. The Group’s business has no material direct impact on biodiversity, and there have been no 
environmental incidents. 
Therefore, the Group’s main objective is to reduce its carbon footprint per full-time employee (“FTE”), and in 
particular to reduce its emissions linked to electricity consumption. The FTE workforce is calculated by dividing the 
total number of hours paid by the normal number of hours worked during the year. 
 
The Issuer has decided to ramp up its own climate ambitions by committing to the Science Based Targets initiative 
(SBTi). This involved the adoption of a greenhouse gas emission reduction target in line with the objectives of the 
Paris Agreement, namely to limit the average global temperature increase over pre-industrial levels to well below two 
degrees Celsius, and to continue efforts to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. 
On 23 September 2021, the Issuer announced that it has set new carbon reduction targets, which have been certified 
by SBTi, a partnership between the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), the UN Global Compact, the World Resources 
Institute (WRI) and the WWF®. The Issuer's carbon reduction targets have been certified in light of the Issuer's 
commitment to keeping the global temperature increase to well below 2°C compared to pre-industrial temperatures.  
1.2. Definition and methodology 
The Group’s carbon or greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions and Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI (as defined in 
Condition 5(e)) refer, in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (“tCO2e”), to the sum of direct GHG emissions 
from owned or controlled sources of the Group as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (“Scope 1 Emissions”), 
indirect GHG emissions from electricity, steam, heat and cooling purchased or acquired by the Group, as defined by 
the GHG Protocol Standard (“Scope 2 Emissions”) and indirect GHG emissions in its value chain as defined by the 
GHG Protocol Standard (“Scope 3 Emissions”). Scope 1 Emissions, Scope 2 Emissions and Scope 3 Emissions are 
calculated per FTE. The FTE workforce is calculated by dividing the total number of hours paid by the normal number 
of hours worked during the year. 
Subject to any particular exception to be set out in the Issuer's universal registration document, the Issuer reports extra-
financial data at Group level for all entities over which it has operational control. 
For the Issuer, the following sources of emissions are monitored and reported on under Scope 1 Emissions:  
- 
Generation of electricity, heat or steam – These emissions result from the combustion of fuels in stationary 
sources (stationary fuel consumption from power back-ups). 
- 
Transportation of materials, employees – These emissions result from the combustion of fuels in company 
owned/controlled mobile combustion sources (mobile fuel consumption). 
- 
Fugitive emissions – These emissions result from the unintentional release of:

--- Page 41 ---
07/18866651_1 
41 
o 
Refrigerants: Refrigerants may be leaked in the air during their use cycle. These refrigerants are more 
dangerous than CO2 emissions; and 
o 
Carbon dioxide from fire extinguishers. 
With respect to Scope 2 Emissions, purchased electricity, steam, heat and cooling can be either purchased or otherwise 
brought into the Group.  
For the Issuer, the following sources are monitored and reported on under Scope 3 Emissions, as they account for more 
than 90% of the Issuer’s Scope 3 Emissions (the “Monitored Scope 3 Emissions”): 
- 
Employee commuting – includes emissions from the transportation of employees between their homes and 
their worksites.  
- 
Purchased goods and services - includes all the upstream emissions from the production of goods and 
services purchased by the company. 
Other Scope 3 Emissions include business air travel, waste and upstream transportation, which represent less than 10% 
combined. The Issuer does not generate any downstream Scope 3 Emissions. 
 
2. Calibration of sustainability performance targets  
2.1. Targets 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has set itself the goal of fulfilling the requirements of the Science 
Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”), to reduce Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions by 49% per FTE by 2026 from 
the 2019 Baseline (as defined below), and to reduce Monitored Scope 3 Emissions from purchased goods and services 
and employee commuting by 38.3% per FTE by 2026 from the 2019 Baseline (as defined below). 
The Issuer’s carbon reduction target has been validated by SBTi (https://teleperformance.com/en-us/csr/force-of-
good/citizen-of-the-planet/). SBTi has assessed Teleperformance’s submission against SBTi’s Criteria v4.2 and after 
careful review has approved the targets, determining that they are in line with a trajectory well-below 2°C.  
2.2. Strategy to achieve the targets 
To meet these targets, the Issuer focuses on: 
• 
increasing the share of renewable energies in total energy consumption to at least 30% by 2026; 
• 
reducing energy consumption via efficiency measures; 
• 
streamlining the IT infrastructure by adopting measures to reduce energy consumption in data centers, and 
purchasing STAR-rated and EPEAT-certified electrical and computer equipment; 
• 
further developing low-carbon solutions, such as our TP Cloud Campus, a virtual solution to working-from-
home; and 
• 
engaging with top 100 suppliers on carbon reduction initiatives. 
 
2.3. Historic values 
(a) 2019 URD and 2020 URD (Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions) 
The Group's GHG emissions figures for 2019 and 2020 (expressed in tCO2e), as published in the 2019 URD and the 
2020 URD are verified by KPMG S.A., the independent third-party as part of the verification of the consolidated non-
financial statement.  
Scope 2 Emissions were reported in the 2019 URD and the 2020 URD.

--- Page 42 ---
07/18866651_1 
42 
In the 2020 URD, the Issuer started to report Scope 1 Emissions. During the period covered thereby, Scope 1 Emissions 
only included stationary fuel consumption (mainly from power back-ups), and excluded mobile fuel consumption from 
company-owned vehicles and refrigerants.  
The values for Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions reported by the Issuer in the 2019 URD and the 2020 URD 
are as shown below: 
 
2019 GHG emissions (metric tons) 
2020 GHG emissions (metric tons) 
Scope 1 Emissions 
Not tracked at the time 
1,785 
Scope 2 Emissions 
184,899 
148,348 
Scope 1 + 2 Emission 
N/A 
150,133 
 
As independent third-party, KPMG S.A. issued reports on 28 February 2020 and 26 February 2021 for the year ended 
on 31 December 2019 and the year ended on 31 December 2020 respectively expressing a limited assurance conclusion 
on the compliance of the consolidated non-financial statements with the requirements of Article R.225-105 of the 
French Code de commerce and the fairness of the information provided in accordance with Article R.225-105 I, 3° 
and II of the French Code de commerce, i.e. the outcomes, including environmental key performance indicators, and 
the measures implemented considering the principal risks. 
 
(b) GHG inventory and assurance report for the 2019 Baseline (Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions) 
The 2019 baseline refers to the amount of Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions, and of Monitored Scope 3 
Emissions per FTE for the Sustainability Period starting on 1 October 2018 and ending on 30 September 2019 (the 
“2019 Baseline”). 
As part of the target setting process and submission to SBTi, the Issuer submitted one annual GHG inventory for 
review by SBTi, with Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions representing 34.3% and Monitored Scope 3 Emissions 
representing 
65.7% 
of 
total 
emissions. 
This 
GHG 
inventory 
has 
been 
validated 
by 
SBTi 
(https://teleperformance.com/en-us/csr/force-of-good/citizen-of-the-planet/). 
The GHG emissions inventory covers all relevant GHG emissions, from all relevant sources and subsidiaries. Scope 
1 Emissions for the 2019 Baseline were then recalculated to include all types of fuel consumption (stationary from 
power back-ups, mobile and refrigerants).  
As Scope 1 Emissions were not reported in the 2019 URD, KPMG S.A. issued on 1 December 2021 at the Issuer's 
request 
a 
report 
(https://teleperformance.com/media/egcnqx3m/avis-t%C3%A9l%C3%A9performance-ghg-fy-
2019_signed.pdf) expressing a limited assurance conclusion on the Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions of the 
“2019 GHG emissions” as shown below: 
 
2019 GHG emissions (metric tons) 
2019 GHG emissions per FTE (metric 
tons) 
Scope 1 Emissions 
31,265 
0.109 
Scope 2 Emissions 
184,899 
0.647 
Scope 1 + 2 Emissions 
216,164 
0.756

--- Page 43 ---
07/18866651_1 
43 
 
(c) Monitored Scope 3 Emissions 
The 2019 Baseline includes the amount of Monitored Scope 3 Emissions per FTE from employee commuting and 
purchased goods and services, as validated by SBTi (https://teleperformance.com/en-us/csr/force-of-good/citizen-of-
the-planet/) and shown below:  
 
2019 GHG emissions (metric tons) 
2019 GHG emissions per FTE 
(metric tons) 
Scope 
3 
Emissions 
– 
employee 
commuting (“EC”) 
230,157 
0.805 
Scope 3 Emissions – purchased goods 
and services (“PG&S”) 
144,696 
0.506 
Scope 3 Emissions – EC + PG&S 
374,853 
1.311 
Audited values for the Monitored Scope 3 Emissions for the 2019 Baseline will be published in the Issuer's 2021 
universal registration document. 
 
3. Specific Characteristics of the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
The specific characteristics of the Sustainability-Linked Notes, the reporting obligations of the Issuer and the 
verification process of the level of the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI are described further in Condition 5(e).

--- Page 44 ---
07/18866651_1 
44 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the 
Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and 
technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded 
by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of 
various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which 
speak only as of the date hereof.

--- Page 45 ---
07/18866651_1 
45 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to provisions of Article 23 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as 
required by Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus 
is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits 
and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply 
to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 46 ---
07/18866651_1 
46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms 
and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and 
conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed 
(and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive 
Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 29 December 2021 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
the “Amended and Restated Agency Agreement”) has been agreed between Teleperformance SE 
(“Teleperformance” or the “Issuer”), Société Générale as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and a make-
whole calculation agency agreement dated 29 December 2021 (the “Make-Whole Calculation Agency Agreement”) 
has been agreed between the Issuer and Aether Financial Services named in it acting as make-whole calculation agent 
for the purposes of Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption Option) only. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the 
redenomination agent, the consolidation agent, the calculation agent(s) and the make-whole calculation agent for the 
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression 
shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent”, the “Calculation 
Agent(s)” and the “Make-Whole Calculation Agent”. The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, 
the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where 
applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) and the holders 
of the receipts (the “Receipts”) for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receiptholders”) relating to 
Materialised Notes of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions 
of the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended (“EU MiFID II”). 
In these Conditions, references to “day” or “days” are to calendar days unless the context otherwise specifies. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form 
(“Materialised Notes”). 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”) by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Final Terms”), in either bearer form (au porteur), in which case they are inscribed in the books of

--- Page 47 ---
07/18866651_1 
47 
Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) (“Euroclear France”) which shall credit the accounts of 
Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of 
Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the Registration Agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders, in accordance with French law with the 
provisions of Article L. 228-2 of the French Code de commerce, unless such right is expressly excluded 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any financial intermediary institution 
entitled directly or indirectly to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
as operator of the Euroclear system (“Euroclear”). 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur), Euroclear France shall act as agent 
for the Issuer solely for the purpose of maintaining the record of ownership of such Dematerialised Notes 
in Euroclear France’s books. In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré), each Account Holder shall act as agent for the Issuer solely for the purpose of 
maintaining the record of ownership of such Dematerialised Notes in such Account Holder’s books. 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Notes”). Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of 
Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued 
with one or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as Notes) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the “Specified 
Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or 
such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Unless permitted by the then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to 
be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.

--- Page 48 ---
07/18866651_1 
48 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration 
Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, Receipt(s) 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Notes”), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for 
so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes”, “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to 
such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), without the consent of any of the holders of 
any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) days’ notice in accordance with 
Condition 14, redenominate on any Interest Payment Date all, but not some only, of the Notes of any 
Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in 
the relevant Final Terms accordingly on or after the date on which the Member State of the European 
Union or the United Kingdom in whose national currency such Notes are denominated has become a 
participant member in the third stage of the European economic and monetary union (as provided in the 
Treaty establishing the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”)), 
or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, “EMU”). The date on 
which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as 
the “Redenomination Date”. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into Dematerialised 
Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur).

--- Page 49 ---
07/18866651_1 
49 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons, in respect 
of principal, interest and other amounts constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory 
under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated financial 
obligations of the Issuer. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding (as 
defined below), the Issuer will not, and will procure that none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) 
will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (sûreté réelle) 
(“Security”) or its equivalent under any applicable legislation upon the whole or any part of their respective 
present or future assets or revenues to secure (i) any Relevant Debt (as defined below) incurred by the Issuer or 
one of its Material Subsidiaries, or (ii) any guarantee or indemnity assumed or granted by the Issuer or one of its 
Material Subsidiaries in respect of any Relevant Debt incurred by the Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries, 
unless at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, Receipts and Coupons are 
equally and rateably secured (A) by such mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or security interest or equivalent or (B) 
by such other security as shall be approved pursuant to Condition 11 by the Masse (as defined in Condition 11). 
This Condition 4 shall not apply to or be applicable in respect of any Security or any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of or in connection with any Securitisation Indebtedness.  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“EBITDA” means, in respect of the Issuer, the operating profit before financing costs before depreciation and 
amortization as set out in the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Issuer having earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation representing 10% or more of the consolidated EBITDA of the Issuer or having total asset 
representing 10% or more of the total assets of the Group, calculated on a consolidated basis. 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money which is in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds or notes (obligations) or other debt securities which are for the time being, or are capable 
of being, quoted, admitted to trading or ordinarily dealt in any stock exchange, over-the counter market or other 
securities market.

--- Page 50 ---
07/18866651_1 
50 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption 
and any interest payable after such date, as well as any applicable Premium Payment Amount) have been duly 
paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant 
Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 6(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 6(a) and (iii) in the case 
of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender 
of Materialised Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in 
respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided 
in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes that 
have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining 
how many such Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) 
those Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have 
been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any company, another company which is controlled by it within the meaning 
of Article L.233-3 of the French Code de commerce. 
“Securitisation Indebtedness” means any Relevant Debt (including, without limitation, any secured lending, 
leasing (whether tax driven or otherwise), asset-based securitisation, asset repackaging or any combination 
thereof) which is incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of any assets, receivables or revenues where 
the repayment of principal and interest in respect of the Relevant Debt is primarily financed by such assets or 
revenues. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended, supplemented and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series. 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or a formula or a 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit, as 
the case may be, to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 51 ---
07/18866651_1 
51 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);  
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, 
as the case may be. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(b) and which is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions for the purpose of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it 
will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the administrator of that Original Reference Rate or its supervisor publicly announces that such 
administrator is insolvent; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v), the Benchmark Event shall occur on or 
within the six months preceding the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal

--- Page 52 ---
07/18866651_1 
52 
Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer system (known as TARGET 2 system) or any successor thereto (the “TARGET 
System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public 
holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Business Centre(s)”), a day (other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and  
(y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
where: “Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 53 ---
07/18866651_1 
53 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; and  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 54 ---
07/18866651_1 
54 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the EC, as amended.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(a). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be.  
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
euro, or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling, or (iii) the 
day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior 
to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro.  
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 55 ---
07/18866651_1 
55 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
2021 ISDA Definitions.  
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
(4) major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four (4) major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the 
principal offices of five (5) major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, 
section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service).  
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any 
successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service).

--- Page 56 ---
07/18866651_1 
56 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent 
Adviser will determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the one which is the most 
appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and 
the nature of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, 
the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided 
in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention:  
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
where the relevant Final Terms specifies that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be

--- Page 57 ---
07/18866651_1 
57 
applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected 
by the application of the Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes:  
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating 
to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either (i) 11.00 a.m. 
(London time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or 
(ii) if otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five (5) or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.

--- Page 58 ---
07/18866651_1 
58 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three (3) such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request, (i) if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of 
the Reference Banks or, (ii) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of each of the Reference Banks or, (iii) if otherwise, each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
(2) or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and  
(c) 
If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two (2) Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two (2) or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) or (ii) if otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-
Bank Market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two (2) of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are 
in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-
bank market, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank market 
or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing

--- Page 59 ---
07/18866651_1 
59 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the CMS 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; (ii) if at least four (4) of the CMS Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations and the lowest 
quotation) (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations); and (iii) if on 
any Interest Determination Date less than three (3) or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with the then prevailing standard market practice.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of (5) five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where 
the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five (5) leading 
swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is 
US Dollars, the principal New York City office of five (5) leading swap dealers in 
the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five (5) leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by 
the Calculation Agent and the Issuer.

--- Page 60 ---
07/18866651_1 
60 
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to a Reference Currency, the 
financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified Time” and “Relevant Screen 
Page” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the then 
prevailing standard market practice or the ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with 
a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is 
equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to GBP-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-
LIBOR-BBA with a designated maturity of three months;  
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is US Dollars, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating US Dollars interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
07/18866651_1 
61 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an independent expert and in consultation with the Issuer. The Issuer will not take 
any discretionary decision on the basis of such consultation. In the absence of bad 
faith, manifest error or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(a) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(a) shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(a).

--- Page 62 ---
07/18866651_1 
62 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(c)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)).  
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) and 
the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Representative of the Masse and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 63 ---
07/18866651_1 
63 
No later than notifying the Noteholders and the Representative of the Masse of the 
same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the 
Paying Agents a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer and the 
Independent Adviser: 
(i) 
confirming, on the basis of the determination of the Independent Adviser (i) 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each 
case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will 
(in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, the Calculation 
Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (a), 
(b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for 
in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event 
has occurred. 
(g) 
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then 
applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were 
the Original Reference Rate. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes:  
1. 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as 
calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques

--- Page 64 ---
07/18866651_1 
64 
(the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only 
when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the “CPI Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the 
ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable 
upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base 
reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable 
on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding 
Condition 5(h)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of any given 
month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, and (B) 
in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month 
preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3 + 
D-1 x (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2 - CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3) 
NDM 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of principal 
and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of principal 
and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(h)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the Agence 
France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR <GO> pages 
and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the interpretation of the methods 
used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by reference 
to the procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables 
du Trésor indexées sur l’inflation.

--- Page 65 ---
07/18866651_1 
65 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index excluding 
tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published monthly by 
the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(B) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in 
its December 2010 Paper entitled “Inflation Indexed Notes” (Obligations et autres 
instruments de taux d’intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux – Chapitre 
II: Les obligations indexées sur l’inflation).  
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute 
CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index”) 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has already 
been published, such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI 
Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index 
would be published under the heading “indice de substitution”. Once the 
definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all calculations taking place from 
this date. 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute index 
shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted 
as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-1 
x 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly 
Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained 
on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint 
publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st 
March of the following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with 
the following equation: 
Key = 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis

--- Page 66 ---
07/18866651_1 
66 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
= CPI Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
X Key 
New Basis 
Previous Basis 
 
2. 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation 
in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by 
Eurostat (the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the “HICP Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest Determination 
Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the 
ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable 
upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base 
reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five (5) 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of any 
given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, 
and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third 
month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3+ 
D-1 
X (HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2-HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3) 
NDM 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of principal 
and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of principal 
and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(h)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up).

--- Page 67 ---
07/18866651_1 
67 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on 
Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted 
or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(B) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) if a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply from 
the day following its release to all calculations taking place from this 
date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1 
x 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
= HICP Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
X Key 
New Basis 
Previous Basis

--- Page 68 ---
07/18866651_1 
68 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes:  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date 
set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
This Condition 5(e) applies to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
issued by the Issuer in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate that the Step Up Option and/or 
the Premium Payment, as the case may be, is or are applicable (the “Sustainability-Linked Notes”).  
(i) 
Step Up Option 
Where the Step Up Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a Step Up 
Event occurs, the Rate of Interest (or the applicable Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) for 
each Interest Period from and including the Interest Payment Step Up Date until the Maturity Date, 
shall be the sum of the Initial Rate of Interest (or the initial Margin, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) and: 
(A) 
in the event the Issuer has met neither Sustainability Performance Target #1 nor 
Sustainability Performance Target #2, the Full Step Up Margin;  
(B) 
in the event the Issuer has met only Sustainability Performance Target #1 but not 
Sustainability Performance Target #2, the Intermediate Step Up Margin;  
(C) 
in the event the Issuer has met only Sustainability Performance Target #2 but not 
Sustainability Performance Target #1, the Intermediate Step Up Margin; and 
(D) 
in the event the Step Up Event relates to a failure by the Issuer to publish the applicable 
Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report or, if applicable, the SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iv), the Full Step Up 
Margin. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in respect 
of a Series of Notes. 
(ii) 
Premium Payment 
Where a Premium Payment is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a 
Premium Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall pay on the Premium Payment Date in respect of each 
Note of the relevant Series an amount equal to:  
(A) 
in the event the Issuer has met neither Sustainability Performance Target #1 nor 
Sustainability Performance Target #2, the Full Premium Payment Amount;  
(B) 
in the event the Issuer has met only Sustainability Performance Target #1 but not 
Sustainability Performance Target #2, the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount; 
(C) 
in the event the Issuer has met only Sustainability Performance Target #2 but not 
Sustainability Performance Target #1, the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount; and

--- Page 69 ---
07/18866651_1 
69 
(D) 
in the event the Premium Payment Event relates to a failure by the Issuer to publish the 
applicable Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report or, if applicable, the 
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iv), the Full 
Premium Payment Amount. 
(iii) Notification of Step Up Event and/or Premium Trigger Event 
If a Step Up Event and/or a Premium Trigger Event occur, the Issuer shall give notice of such Step 
Up Event and/or Premium Trigger Event and the applicable Step Up Margin and/or Premium 
Payment Amount to the Principal Paying Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the relevant 
Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of such Step Up Event and/or 
Premium Trigger Event and in no event later than the date falling thirty (30) Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date and/or Premium Payment Date following the Target Observation Date. 
(iv) Sustainability Reporting 
For each Sustainability Period from the Sustainability Period during which any Sustainability-
Linked Notes are issued and for so long as any of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and, if applicable, 
Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding, the Issuer shall include in a dedicated section of its 
Universal Registration Document or publish on its website as a separate report or document not later 
than the date falling thirty (30) Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the last day of the relevant Sustainability Period: 
(A) 
the level of the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI as at the last day of each Sustainability 
Period (the “Sustainability Performance Report”); 
(B) 
an assurance report issued by the External Verifier confirming the level of the Carbon 
Intensity Reduction KPI provided in the Sustainability Performance Report (the 
“Assurance Report”); and 
(C) 
following the occurrence of a Target Observation Date, no later than the date falling thirty 
(30) Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date and/or Premium Payment Date 
following such Target Observation Date, or for the purposes of Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option), a certificate issued by the External Verifier confirming whether or not 
the Group has achieved the Sustainability Performance Targets as at such Target 
Observation Date (the “SPT Verification Assurance Certificate”). 
(v) 
Absence of Event of Default 
The occurrence of any Sustainability Trigger Event shall not constitute an Event of Default or a 
breach of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
(vi) Recalculation 
In the event of any change: (i) to the calculation methodology of any Sustainability Performance 
Target; (ii) in data due to better data accessibility; (iii) in the Group’s perimeter (due to an acquisition, 
a merger or a demerger or other restructuring (scission ou apport partiel d'actifs), an amalgamation, 
a consolidation or other form of reorganisation, a spin-off, a disposal or a sale of assets) and/or in its 
organic business development; or (iv) in or any material amendment to any applicable laws, 
regulations, rules, guidelines and policies relating to the business of the Group, which occurs 
between the Issue Date of a Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes and the relevant Target

--- Page 70 ---
07/18866651_1 
70 
Observation Date, which, individually or in aggregate, has a significant impact2 on the level of any 
Sustainability Performance Target or the level of the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI used as a 
baseline, the relevant Sustainability Performance Target may be recalculated in good faith by the 
Issuer to reflect such change, provided that:  
(A) 
in the opinion of the Issuer, such change has no material adverse effect on the interests of 
the relevant Noteholders; and  
(B) 
an External Verifier or SBTi has independently confirmed that the proposed revision is 
consistent with: 
(1) 
the Issuer’s strategy; and 
(2) 
the initial level of ambition of the relevant Sustainability Performance Target. 
It is specified that any other changes to the Sustainability Performance Targets which do not meet 
the requirements set forth in paragraphs (A) and (B) above will be made with the prior approval of 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
Any such change and the resulting recalculation to any Sustainability Performance Target will be 
communicated as soon as reasonably practicable by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation 
Agent and notified to the relevant Noteholders (with a copy to the relevant Representative) in 
accordance with Condition 14.  
Any other changes to the Sustainability Performance Targets or to any Step Up Margin or any 
Premium Payment Amount will be made with the prior approval of the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11. 
(vii) Definitions 
In this Condition: 
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(e)(iv). 
“Baseline Date” means 30 September 2019. 
“Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI” means the key performance indicator which measures the 
Group’s GHG emissions in tCO2e (i.e. the sum of direct GHG emissions from owned or controlled 
sources of the Group as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (Scope 1 Emissions), indirect GHG 
emissions from electricity, steam, heat and cooling purchased or acquired by the Group, as defined 
by the GHG Protocol Standard (Scope 2 Emissions), and indirect GHG emissions in its value chain 
as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (limited to Monitored Scope 3 Emissions)), divided by the 
FTE. The FTE workforce is calculated by dividing the total number of hours paid by the normal 
number of hours worked during the year. The standard annual number of hours worked is specific to 
each country, depending on local regulations. The perimeter of the Group for the purposes of the 
Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI shall include 100 percent of the Group’s consolidation scope as at 
the date on which the level of the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI is measured. 
“External Verifier” means the external verifier specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or such 
other independent qualified assurance provider with relevant expertise, appointed by the Issuer to 
 
2 The threshold value for a significant impact is, in aggregate, 5 per cent. or more.

--- Page 71 ---
07/18866651_1 
71 
review the Issuer’s statements in relation to the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI and the 
Sustainability Performance Report included in its Universal Registration Document or published on 
its website as a separate report or document in replacement of the external verifier initially named in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Full Premium Payment Amount” means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
the Full Premium Payment Amount. 
“Full Step Up Margin” means the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Full 
Step Up Margin. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Step Up Payment Date” means the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
occurrence of a Step Up Event. 
“Intermediate Premium Payment Amount” means the amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Intermediate Premium Payment Amount. 
“Intermediate Step Up Margin” means the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Intermediate Step Up Margin. 
“Monitored Scope 3 Emissions” means the indirect GHG emissions in the Issuer's value chain 
limited to (i) emissions from the transportation of employees between their homes and their 
worksites and (ii) all the upstream emissions from the production of goods and services purchased 
by the Issuer. 
“Premium Payment Amount” means the Full Premium Payment Amount or the Intermediate 
Premium Amount (as the case may be). 
“Premium Payment Date” means the first day of the next Interest Period following the date on 
which the Issuer is required to publish the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate as of and for the 
period ending on the Target Observation Date. 
“Premium Trigger Event” means, in relation to Notes for which a Premium Payment is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Sustainability Trigger Event. 
“Step Up Margin” means the Full Step Up Margin or the Intermediate Step Up Margin (as the case 
may be). 
“Step Up Event” means, in relation to Notes for which a Step Up Option is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, a Sustainability Trigger Event. 
“Sustainability Performance Target #1” means the objective set out in the relevant Final Terms 
for the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI to be observed on any Target Observation Date with respect 
to Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions compared to those used as a baseline and observed on 
the Baseline Date. 
“Sustainability Performance Target #2” means the objective set out in the relevant Final Terms 
for the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI to be observed on any Target Observation Date with respect 
to Monitored Scope 3 Emissions compared to those used as a baseline and observed on the Baseline 
Date.

--- Page 72 ---
07/18866651_1 
72 
“Sustainability Performance Targets” means Sustainability Performance Target #1 and 
Sustainability Performance Target #2, taken together (each a “Sustainability Performance 
Target”). 
“Sustainability Performance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(e)(iv). 
“Sustainability Period” means, in relation to the calculation of the Carbon Intensity Reduction KPI, 
any twelve-month period commencing on 1 October and ending on 30 September. 
“Sustainability Trigger Event” means the occurrence of one of the following events: (i) the Issuer 
fails to satisfy any Sustainability Performance Target on the relevant Target Observation Date, or (ii) 
the Issuer fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report 
or, if applicable, the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iv). 
“Target Observation Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Universal Registration Document” means the universal registration document (document 
d’enregistrement universel) of the Issuer which it publishes on its website on an annual basis in 
relation to its latest audited consolidated financial statements. 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 6(j)(i)). 
(g) 
Accrual of Interest:  
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after 
as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant 
Date. 
(h) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and redemption amounts, and 
Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.  
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or redemption amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or redemption 
amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no event shall the 
applicable rate of interest (including, for the sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than 
zero.

--- Page 73 ---
07/18866651_1 
73 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven (7) significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that 
fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these 
purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
(i) 
Calculations:  
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts:  
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required 
to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts 
for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, 
the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any 
Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such exchange as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where 
any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), 
the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to 
be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or 
the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining 
of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 74 ---
07/18866651_1 
74 
(k) 
Calculation Agent:  
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in 
these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if 
the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption:  
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 
6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments:  
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each Note that 
provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal 
amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is 
calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all 
purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment 
or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount 
shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption Option:  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice (the “Make-Whole Call Notice”) in 
accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their 
Maturity Date (the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
The “Make-Whole Redemption Amount” will be calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and 
will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum 
of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal, interest or other amounts 
payable (in particular, with respect to Sustainability-Linked Notes (i) the applicable Step Up Margin from

--- Page 75 ---
07/18866651_1 
75 
the relevant Interest Step Up Payment Date and/or (ii) the applicable Premium Payment Amount from the 
relevant Premium Payment Date, on the assumption that the Issuer will fail to satisfy the Sustainability 
Performance Targets on the Target Observation Date, unless either or both Sustainability Performance 
Targets (as the case may be) have been achieved for the most recent Sustainability Period (as defined in 
Condition 5(e)(vii)) prior to the Make-Whole Call Notice for which an Assurance Report is available (as 
set out in such Assurance Report and as confirmed by an SPT Verification Assurance Certificate), in which 
case (a) if both Sustainability Performance Targets have been satisfied, no Step Up Margin or Premium 
Payment Amount shall be taken into account and (b) if only one Sustainability Performance Target has 
been satisfied, the Intermediate Step Up Margin and/or, as the case may be, the Intermediate Premium 
Payment Amount, shall apply) on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date from the relevant Maturity Date on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
Final Terms at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date.  
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer decides to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption Option before the Call Option Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Make-Whole Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-
Whole Redemption Option by the Issuer will be calculated taking into account the Call Option Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(e) below and not the Maturity Date. 
The “Redemption Rate” is the average of the four (4) quotations (eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest quotations)) given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)). 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four (4) banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) will be chosen by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of international 
standing at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the third (3rd) Business Day in London preceding 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and notified in accordance with Condition 14. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent 
expert and not as an agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent (acting 
in such capacity) shall not have any relationship of agency or trust with, and, to the extent permitted by 
law, shall not incur any liability against the Noteholders, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(d) shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to this Condition 6(c).

--- Page 76 ---
07/18866651_1 
76 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption:  
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided 
in the relevant Final Terms, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal 
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable 
laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements of the Regulated Market on which the 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes of any Series, the redemption may 
be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated Market and 
the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been 
a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of 
the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) and on 
the website of any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the 
case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not 
surrendered. 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Call Option:  
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not 
less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
to the Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, at any time as from the “Call Option Date” (as specified in the Final Terms), which shall be 
no earlier than (i) three (3) months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not 
more than ten (10) years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity 
of more than ten (10) years, until the Maturity Date.  
For the purposes of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten (10) years or the maturity 
of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series 
of Notes.

--- Page 77 ---
07/18866651_1 
77 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Squeeze-Out Call Option:  
If a Squeeze-Out Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any other 
percentage above as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Squeeze-Out Percentage”) of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased and, in each 
case, cancelled, the Issuer may on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice 
to the Noteholders redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Squeeze-Out 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). Provided that those Notes that are no longer outstanding have not been redeemed 
(and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer and Partial Redemption) or Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption Option) within the twelve 
(12) months preceding such exercise of the Squeeze-Out Call Option by the Issuer. 
(g) 
Redemption on Acquisition Event 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event (as 
defined below) occurs, the Issuer may, on giving promptly and in any event not more than thirty (30) days 
after the occurrence of such Acquisition Event and not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) days 
before the date set for redemption, notice to the Noteholders, subject to having also given notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, (i) redeem in whole or in part or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, 
the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed 
for redemption, or (ii) waive its right to call the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(g). All notices 
to Noteholders shall be irrevocable and given pursuant to Condition 14 (Notices). 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall not be entitled, 
during a period of twelve (12) months following the exercise by the Issuer of such Acquisition Event Call 
Option to exercise a Squeeze-Out Call Option in accordance with Condition 6(f) with respect to such 
Notes. 
An “Acquisition Event” shall have occurred if: 
(i) 
on or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer has 
not completed and closed the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Targeted 
Company.  
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(d) shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to this Condition 6(g). 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders:  
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, 
upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Issuer 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the

--- Page 78 ---
07/18866651_1 
78 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office during 
usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained 
during usual business hours from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised 
Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder 
shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the 
Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris as specified in the Exercise Notice. No 
option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without 
the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes:  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition 6(i) the ratio determined on the fifth (5th) Business Day 
before the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in 
the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index, on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference 
on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at 
par. 
(j) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of 
the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-

--- Page 79 ---
07/18866651_1 
79 
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal 
Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to 
be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable 
shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(g). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes:  
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(i) shall apply in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such Notes 
pursuant to Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9, the Put Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount in respect 
of such Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Early Redemption Amount/Put Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth (5th) 
Business Day before the date set for redemption between either (i) if the CPI is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base 
Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes 
will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(i) applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of 
Condition 5 (iv) above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the relevant Early 
Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described 
paragraphs “Zero Coupon Notes” and “Inflation Linked Notes” above), upon redemption of 
such Note pursuant to Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o), or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 80 ---
07/18866651_1 
80 
(k) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, French 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment 
of principal, interest or premium due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such 
payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8 below, the Issuer 
may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at 
any time (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes), subject to having given not more than forty-
five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Noteholders or, if applicable, to the holders of 
Coupons (the “Couponholders”) (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date set for redemption provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal, interest and premium 
without withholding for such additional amounts. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal, interest or premium in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons, be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer, shall forthwith give notice of 
such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) days’ prior 
notice to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 14, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as described in Condition 6(i) above) together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, Receipts 
or Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(l) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders following a Change of Control:  
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and if at any time while any 
Note remains outstanding there occurs a Put Event, the holder of each Note will have the option 
(the “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined 
below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under 6(c) (Make Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer), 6(f) (Squeeze Out Redemption) or 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option)) and 6(k) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reason) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the 
purchase of all, but not some only, of its Notes, on the Put Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) 
at the Put Amount (as defined below). 
A “Put Event” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (i) a Change of Control occurs and 
(ii) within the Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade occurs as a result, in whole or primarily, of 
that Change of Control or of a Potential Change of Control. 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons acting 
in concert come(s) to legally or beneficially own or acquire(s) directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. 
of the shares or the voting rights exercisable at general meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer.

--- Page 81 ---
07/18866651_1 
81 
“Change of Control Period” means:  
(a) commencing on the date that is the earlier of (1) the first public announcement of the result (avis de 
résultat) by the AMF or by the Issuer of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the Potential 
Change of Control; and  
(b) ending on the date which is ninety (90) days after the date of the first public announcement of the 
result (or such longer period for which the senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer is under 
consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending ninety (90) 
days after the date of the first public announcement of the result) for rating review by a Rating Agency, 
such period not to exceed sixty (60) days after the public announcement of such consideration). 
“Potential Change of Control” means any public announcement or statement by the Issuer, any actual 
or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control. 
“Put Agent” means the relevant Paying Agent specified in the Put Event Notice. 
“Put Amount” means in respect of any Note an amount equal to 100 per cent. of its principal amount 
together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding 
the Put Optional Redemption Date.  
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control or a Potential 
Change of Control if within the Change of Control Period, the corporate credit rating previously assigned 
to the Issuer by any Rating Agency (as defined below) solicited by the Issuer is (x) withdrawn or (y) 
changed from an investment grade rating (BBB, or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-
investment grade rating (BB+, or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) if the corporate credit 
rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency solicited by the Issuer was below an 
investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from 
BB+ to BB; or their respective equivalents), provided that (i) a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by 
virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular 
Change of Control or Potential Change of Control, as the case may be, if the Rating Agency does not 
publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of the Change 
of Control or the Potential Change of Control, as the case may be, and (ii) any Rating Downgrade must 
have been confirmed in a letter or other form of written communication sent to the Issuer and publicly 
disclosed. If the Issuer is rated by more than one Rating Agency and such rating has been solicited by the 
Issuer, the rating to be taken into account to determine whether a Rating Downgrade has occurred shall 
be the lower rating assigned by any such Rating Agency. 
If the Issuer ceases at any time to have a rating assigned to it by at least one Rating Agency, a Rating 
Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer does not on or before the sixtieth (60th) 
Business Day after the relevant Change of Control seek, and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to 
obtain from a Rating Agency, a corporate credit rating. 
“Rating Agencies” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, and/or Moody’s Investor Services and/or 
Fitch Ratings or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time 
by the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates (each a “Rating Agency”). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a 
“Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the procedure for exercising the Put Option contained in this Condition 6.

--- Page 82 ---
07/18866651_1 
82 
To exercise the Put Option to require the redemption or, as the case may be, purchase (at the Issuer’s 
option) of a Note under this Condition 6 the holder of that Note, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, must 
transfer or cause to be transferred by its Account Holder its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the 
account of, or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deposit or cause to deposit such Note (together, if 
applicable, with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) to the specified office of 
the Put Agent specified in the Put Event Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period of forty-
five (45) days after the Put Event Notice is given (the “Put Period”), together with a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the form (in the then current form) obtainable from the specified office of 
any Paying Agent (a “Put Option Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 6. 
A Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, 
procure the purchase of the Notes in respect of which the Put Option has been validly exercised as 
provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Put Agent for the account 
of the Issuer as described above, on the date which is the tenth (10th) Business Day following the end of 
the Put Period (the “Put Optional Redemption Date”). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred 
will be made in the relevant currency specified in the Final Terms to the holder to the bank account 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice on the Put Optional Redemption Date via the relevant Account 
Holder.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind 
(including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such 
Noteholder’s exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Put Option (whether 
as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
(m) 
Purchases:  
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to the applicable laws and 
regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the Final Terms, all 
Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
(n) 
Cancellation:  
All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled, in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the Materialised Notes in 
question together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by the 
Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to 
payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged.

--- Page 83 ---
07/18866651_1 
83 
(o) 
Illegality:  
If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official application of such law, becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or 
more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five 
(45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.  
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes:  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered form) by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the relevant Noteholder). All payments 
validly made to such Account Holders will constitute an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of 
such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes:  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, except as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant Receipts (in the case 
of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the 
Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Materialised Notes (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in 
the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at 
the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency and, in the case of euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States:  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in US Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of 
the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts 
at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws:  
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 84 ---
07/18866651_1 
84 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents:  
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent are initially appointed under the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement and the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent is initially appointed under the Make-Whole Calculation Agency 
Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent act as independent experts 
and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation 
Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities, (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and 
(vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes 
may be listed and admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in US Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in 
respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes (other 
than Index Linked Notes), should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
(if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall 
be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10) provided that, if any Materialised 
Note should be issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the 
presentation for payment of any such Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, the amount required to be deducted in respect of such unmatured Coupons 
would be greater than the relevant redemption amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the 
due date for redemption of any such Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall 
become void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, upon 
application of the foregoing provisions in respect of such Coupons as have not so become void,

--- Page 85 ---
07/18866651_1 
85 
the amount required by this paragraph to be deducted would not be greater than the relevant 
redemption amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing provisions 
requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Materialised Note to become void 
and shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons 
maturing on earlier dates. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note comprising a Floating Rate Notes, 
Index Linked Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Materialised Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) 
of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears 
interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation 
of the relevant Materialised Notes. 
(g) 
Talons:  
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon 
for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 
10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days:  
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the Noteholder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business 
or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms 
and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions

--- Page 86 ---
07/18866651_1 
86 
may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency, 
or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Tax exemption for Notes:  
All payments of principal, interest, premium (if any) and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts:  
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or premium (if any) in respect of any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer will, to the fullest 
extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, 
if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection:  
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a Receiptholder or Couponholder, 
as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in 
respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic 
of France other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Payments to individuals: 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual and is required to be 
made pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. where the paying agent 
(établissement payeur) is established in France) which subject interest and other similar revenues 
received by individuals fiscally domiciled in France to a French withholding for French income tax 
and for French social contributions (CSG, CRDS and other related contributions) purposes; or 
(iii) Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date:  
in the case of Materialised Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the Noteholder or, if applicable, the Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, would have 
been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day; 
or 
(iv) Excess interest paid to a shareholder of the Issuer:  
to, or to a third party of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a Receiptholder or a Couponholder, as the 
case may be, who is liable to such taxes in respect of such Notes, Receipt or Coupon solely by reason 
of (x) his being a shareholder of the Issuer and (y) the payment of interest being made to him at a

--- Page 87 ---
07/18866651_1 
87 
rate in excess of the limit set forth in the French Code général des impôts (Article 39, 1, 3°) for the 
deduction of interest paid to shareholders of a borrowing company; or 
(v) 
Non-cooperative State or territory:  
if the Notes do not benefit from any exception3 provided in the Bulletins officiels des Finances 
Publiques-Impôts, BOI – RPPM – RCM – 30-10-20-40-20191220, BOI – IR – DOMIC – 10-20-20-
60-20191220 and BOI – INT – DG – 20-50-20140211 of the French tax authorities and when such 
withholding or deduction is required to be made by reason of that interest, Receipt or Coupon being 
(x) paid to a bank account opened in a financial institution established in, or (y) paid or accrued to a 
person established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-
coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts pursuant to 
Articles 125 A III, 119 bis 2 and 238 A of the same code. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, all payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons shall be paid 
net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”), or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the 
United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding 
or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which 
notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon 
being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in 
fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to 
it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
 
3  
The Notes benefit from the exceptions provided by the Bulletins officiels des Finances Publiques-Impôts when: 
(i) the Notes are offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier or pursuant 
to an equivalent offer in a State other than in a non-cooperative State. For this purpose, an “equivalent offer” means any offer requiring the 
registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
(ii) the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading system provided that such 
market or system is not located in a non-cooperative State, and the operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment 
services provider, or by such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is 
not located in a non-cooperative State; or  
(iii) the Notes are admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities payment and delivery system 
operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or 
operators provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a non-cooperative State.

--- Page 88 ---
07/18866651_1 
88 
(c) 
Supply of information:  
Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the relevant Paying Agent, in a timely manner, any 
information as may be required in order to comply with the identification and reporting obligations 
imposed on it by Article 242 ter of the French Code général des impôts and Articles 49 I ter to 49 I sexies 
of Appendix III to the French Code général des impôts. 
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined under Condition 11(a)), upon request of any Noteholder, may, upon written notice 
to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause all the Notes (but not 
some only), held by such Noteholder, to become immediately due and payable at their principal amount, together 
with accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent 
without further formality, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note (including the payment 
of any additional amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under “Taxation” above) unless such failure 
to pay is due to administrative or technical reasons, and such default shall not have been remedied within 
fifteen (15) days thereafter; or 
(ii) 
there is a default by the Issuer in the performance of, or compliance with, any other material obligation of 
the Issuer under the Notes if such default shall not have been remedied within thirty (30) days after receipt 
by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of such default given by the Representative upon request of the 
Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
if (i) any other present or future financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary for or in 
respect of borrowed money is, after the expiry of any applicable grace period, declared to be or otherwise 
becomes due and payable (exigible) prior to its stated maturity by reason of the occurrence of an event of 
default (however described) or (ii) any amount due under any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiaries in respect of any such indebtedness of a third party is not be paid when due 
or, as the case may be, after the expiry of any applicable grace period unless the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiaries, as the case may be, has disputed in good faith that such borrowed money is due or such 
guarantee or indemnity is callable, and such dispute has been submitted to a competent court in which 
case such event shall not constitute, an Event of Default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have 
been adjudicated (décision exécutoire); provided that the aggregate amount of such indebtedness and 
or/guarantees or indemnities, individually or in the aggregate, is equal to or in excess of €100,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(iv) 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer of the 
whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or, 
to the extent permitted by applicable law, if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is subject to any 
other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings, or if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries makes any 
composition, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of, or enters into a composition with its 
creditors with a view to a restructuring or rescheduling its indebtedness; or 
(v) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is wound up or dissolved, or ceases to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or other operations, or disposes of all or substantially all of its business or 
other operations, except for the purposes of and following a merger, demerger, consolidation, 
amalgamation or other form of corporate reorganisation (fusion, scission or apport partiel d’actifs) (i) to 
the extent that French law requires such merger or reorganisation to be approved by a resolution passed

--- Page 89 ---
07/18866651_1 
89 
at a General Meeting of Noteholders, on terms approved by a resolution passed at a General Meeting of 
Noteholders or by way of a Written Resolution in accordance with Condition 11 or (ii) in the case of a 
Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are vested in the 
Issuer, another of its Material Subsidiaries or any other Subsidiary which as a result of such merger or 
reorganisation becomes a Material Subsidiary. 
“Material Subsidiary” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 4.  
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five (5) years (in the case of 
principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders 
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Masse: 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce as amended by this Condition 11. 
(i) 
Legal Personality:  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders taken either 
by way of resolutions passed at a general meeting of the Noteholders (a “General Meeting”) or 
by written resolutions following a written consultation (“Written Resolutions” and together with 
General Meetings, “Collective Decisions”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to 
the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse:  
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and/or its alternate will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche 
of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such 
Series. 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality. However, the 
following persons may not be chosen as Representatives: 
 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration), its general 
managers (directeurs généraux), its statutory auditors, or its employees as well as their 
ascendants, descendants and spouses; or

--- Page 90 ---
07/18866651_1 
90 
 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective 
managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs généraux), members of their Board of 
Directors, their statutory auditors, or employees as well as their ascendants, descendants 
and spouses; or 
 
companies holding 10 per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or companies 
having 10 per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or 
 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of the 
right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever capacity. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of 
the death, retirement, dissolution, resignation or revocation of appointment of the alternate 
Representative, an alternate representative will be elected by Collective Decisions.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative and/or the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative:  
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General Meeting) 
have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests 
of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions 
(i) 
General Meeting:  
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by 
the Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of 
the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General 
Meeting has not been convened within two months after such demand, the Noteholders 
may commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to appoint 
an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notices specifying at least the date, time, place and agenda of the General Meeting will 
be published as provided under Condition 14 not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the 
date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) days on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
correspondence, or, videoconference or any other means of telecommunications

--- Page 91 ---
07/18866651_1 
91 
allowing the identification of the participating Noteholders as provided mutatis 
mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce. Each Note carries the 
right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such 
Note. 
(ii) 
Powers of the General Meetings:  
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative and also may act with respect to any 
other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the 
future may accrue with respect to the Notes, including authorising the Representative to 
act at law as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification 
of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating 
to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, 
however, that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the 
Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide 
to convert Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings 
shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General 
Meetings or represented thereat. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris 
time on the second (2nd) Business Day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of 
the relevant General Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved must be 
published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 14. 
(iii) 
Written Resolutions:  
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any 
Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of 
a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a 
resolution in writing (a “Written Resolution”). Subject to the following sentence a 
Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles 
L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”).

--- Page 92 ---
07/18866651_1 
92 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 14 not less than fifteen (15) 
days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written 
Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain 
the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish 
to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
A Written Resolution will be deemed to have been approved if (i) Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution hold at least 
one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) Noteholders 
expressing their approval hold at least 66.6 per cent. of such quorum. 
(b) 
Exclusion of the Noteholders’ prior approval on certain changes impacting the Issuer: 
Article L. 228-65 I 1° and 6° of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes and 
consequently changes in the corporate purpose or the corporate form of the Issuer as well as any transfer 
of the registered office of the Issuer, which is a societas europaea incorporated in France, into another 
Member State of the EU will not require prior approval of the Masse of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Information to Noteholders:  
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15)-day period preceding 
the holding of each General Meeting and Written Resolution Date, and, in the case of an adjourned General 
Meeting, five (5)-day period preceding the holding of such adjourned General Meeting, to consult or make 
a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be prepared in 
connection with such resolutions, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders 
at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents during usual 
business hours and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or Written Resolution. 
(d) 
Expenses:  
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being 
expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(e) 
Single Masse:  
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed 
in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
such Series. 
(f) 
Sole Noteholder:  
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of Condition 11. The Issuer shall hold a register of

--- Page 93 ---
07/18866651_1 
93 
the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder and shall make them available, upon request, to any subsequent 
holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(g) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the application 
of a Benchmark Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any 
Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those Notes subscribed 
or purchased by the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and regulations that are held by it and not cancelled. 
12 Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case 
on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as 
the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues:  
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes 
carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and the first 
payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Notes provide for 
such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation:  
The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) days’ 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other 
Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, 
provided such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and 
which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes. 
14 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) or in bearer form (au 
porteur) or of Materialised Notes shall be valid if they are either (i) published on the Issuer’s website

--- Page 94 ---
07/18866651_1 
94 
(https://www.teleperformance.com/), (ii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF; or, in the case of Dematerialised Notes in registered form 
(au nominatif) or in bearer form (au porteur) only, (iii) delivered to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared; 
(b) 
so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange, notices shall be published 
(i) either (a) on the Issuer’s website (https://www.teleperformance.com/), or (b) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF, and (ii) if the rules 
of such stock exchange(s) so require, (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located, 
and /or (b) on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in relation to (i) the convocation or decision(s) of the General Meetings 
and Written Resolutions pursuant to Condition 11, (ii) any decision taken by the Issuer following a General 
Meeting or a Written Resolution or repurchase offer made to Noteholders in lieu of a request of Collective 
Decision, and more generally (iii) any notice to Noteholders in relation to the functioning of the Masse or 
the 
rights 
of 
Noteholders, 
shall 
be 
(a) 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.teleperformance.com/) and, (b) (x) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif), delivered to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and 
any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared, (y) in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) only, by mail to the Noteholders at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or by email to the Noteholders at their respective 
electronic addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given upon receipt of an 
acknowledgement of receipt from the Noteholder, or (z) in respect of Materialised Notes, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (a)(i) or (ii) above. 
15 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law:  
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction:  
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be brought 
before any competent court located in Paris.

--- Page 95 ---
07/18866651_1 
95 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with 
a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers with 
other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing 
systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any 
clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear or Clearstream. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or 
after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised 
Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes upon certification in the form set out in 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (and which shall be available at the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents) as to non-US beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Notes before interest or 
any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so surrendered, the 
Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Materialised Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the 
Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having 
attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid 
on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance 
with any applicable legal requirements of the Regulated Market in, or substantially in, the form set out in Schedule 2 
Part A to the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (and which shall be available at the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents). 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the first day following the expiry of 40 days 
after the issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to 
Condition 14, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling after the 
expiry of 40 days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 96 ---
07/18866651_1 
96 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer either:  
- 
for Teleperformance’s general corporate purposes; or 
- 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds. 
If an Acquisition Event Call is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the use of proceeds for acquisition 
consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Final Terms will also state the potential use for general corporate purposes if the Acquisition Event occurs but 
Teleperformance elects not to use the call option following an Acquisition Event.

--- Page 97 ---
07/18866651_1 
97 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The Issuer makes the following statement: 
 
"Total financial liabilities excluding lease liabilities (as defined in Note 7.2 “Financial liabilities” of the 2021 Half-
Year Financial Report) increased from 2,456 million euros as of 30 June 2021 to 2,471 million euros as of 30 
September 2021 mainly due to the evolution of exchange rates." 
 
On 22 November 2021, Teleperformance published the following press release: 
"Upgraded Credit Rating 
 
Standard & Poor’s upgrades Teleperformance to BBB, the highest credit rating received in the industry 
 
 
 
PARIS, November 22, 2021 – Teleperformance, a leading global group in digitally integrated business services, 
announced today that its public long-term corporate credit rating has been upgraded. Standard & Poor's (S&P) has 
assigned Teleperformance SE an investment grade rating of BBB with a stable outlook, vs. BBB- previously. 
 
This reflects Teleperformance’s leading market position worldwide, good service capabilities, strong operating 
performance, compelling prospects driven by digital transformation, and solid cash flow generation. These key 
differentiating assets enable the Group to maintain a much higher organic growth rate than the industry average 
and to deleverage after undertaking several significant acquisitions in recent years. 
 
Teleperformance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Julien said: “We are delighted and proud 
to announce that Teleperformance has won further recognition from our partners as a strong company. Our upgraded credit 
rating by S&P is the highest received in the industry. It confirms the ongoing confidence of the financial community in 
Teleperformance’s business model and in its ability to develop its activities worldwide while maintaining solid financials.” 
 
ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP 
 
Teleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP), a leading global 
group in digitally integrated business services, serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many 
industries. It offers a One Office support services model combining three wide, high-value solution families: customer 
experience management, back-office services and business process knowledge services. These end-to-end digital 
solutions guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes, anchored in a unique, 
comprehensive high tech, high touch approach. The Group's 380,000+ employees, based in 83 countries, support 
billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and over 170 markets, in a shared commitment to excellence 
as part of the “Simpler, Faster, Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable, flexible, intelligent 
technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards, based on Corporate 
Social Responsibility excellence. In 2020, Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €5,732 million (US$6.5 
billion, based on €1 = $1.14) and net profit of €324 million. 
 
Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market, Compartment A, and are eligible for the deferred 
settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40, CAC Support Services, STOXX 600, S&P 
Europe 350 and MSCI Global Standard. In the area of corporate social responsibility, Teleperformance shares are 
included in the Euronext Vigeo Eurozone 120 index, the FTSE4Good index and the Solactive Europe Corporate Social 
Responsibility index (formerly Ethibel Sustainability Excellence Europe index). 
 
For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance 1/2

--- Page 98 ---
07/18866651_1 
98 
 
CONTACTS 
 
FINANCIAL ANALYSTS AND 
INVESTORS 
PRESS RELATIONS 
PRESS RELATIONS 
Investor relations and financial 
Europe 
Americas and Asia-Pacific 
communication department 
Laurent Poinsot – Karine Allouis 
Mark Pfeiffer 
TELEPERFORMANCE 
IMAGE7 
TELEPERFORMANCE 
Tel: +33 1 53 83 59 15 
Tel: +33 1 53 70 74 70 
Tel: + 1 801-257-5811 
investor@teleperformance.com  
teleperformance@image7.fr  
mark.pfeiffer@teleperformance.com  
" 
 
 
On 3 November 2021, Teleperformance published the following press release: 
"Quarterly information at September 30, 2021 
Further strong revenue growth; full-year 2021 guidance raised 
 
PARIS, November 3, 2021 – Teleperformance, a leading global group in digitally integrated business services, 
today released its quarterly and nine-month revenue figures for the period ended September 30, 2021.  
Continued strong revenue growth  
▪ 
Nine months 2021: €5,186 million, up +31.0% like-for-like* 
▪ 
Third-quarter 2021: €1,755 million, up +20.8% like-for-like* 
▪ 
Strong sales momentum driven by accelerating market digitalization, particularly in the e-tailing, logistics, social 
media and online entertainment segments 
▪ 
Enhanced value-added positioning with government agencies 
Solid, responsible growth  
▪ 
Deployment of an efficient, responsible hybrid business model, combining work-from-home and on-site solutions: at 
end-September, 70% of Group employees were working from home 
▪ 
In October 2021, Teleperformance named one of the 25 World’s Best Workplaces™ across all industries by Fortune 
magazine in partnership with Great Place to Work® (Fortune World’s Best Workplaces list)  
▪ 
Teleperformance commits to the climate: new ambitious carbon emission reduction targets, including a 49% reduction 
per FTE by 2026 for Scopes 1 and 2, approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in September 2021  
Full-year 2021 revenue growth and margin targets raised 
▪ 
Continued robust business expansion expected in the fourth quarter, from a high basis of comparison 
▪ 
Like-for-like* full-year revenue growth of at least +20%, versus the previous growth target of around +18%  
▪ 
An EBITA margin before non-recurring items of around 15%, versus the previous target of more than 14.5%  
* At constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation

--- Page 99 ---
07/18866651_1 
99 
Commenting on this performance, Teleperformance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Julien 
said: “Our businesses achieved sustained growth of more than +30% for the first nine months of the year. This 
performance far exceeds a simple return to pre-crisis growth trends and reflects the strength of our agile, 
sustainable business model that creates value for our clients, employees and shareholders. 
Our sales dynamic is particularly strong in continental Europe and in the Ibero-LATAM region, where we 
support many key digital economy players as well as large groups in their digital transformation. The Group 
was also an active provider of support services for government health campaigns. However, this contribution was 
reduced as expected in the third quarter, given the high level of vaccination coverage that has now been achieved. 
Excluding these temporary support activities, the Group’s like-for-like growth over the first nine months of the 
year remained at a high level, close to +20%, advancing at a steady pace every quarter excluding the 2020 
comparatives shaped by the health crisis.  
Our growth is also responsible, with around 70% of our employees now working from home, numerous jobs 
created around the world and continuing progress in the development of ESG best practices. Two recent strong 
commitments that are worth highlighting: to our employees, with our ranking among the 25 World’s Best 
Workplaces™ across all industries by Fortune magazine in partnership with Great Place to Work®; and to the 
climate, with the approval of our ambitious greenhouse gas emission reduction targets by 2026 by the Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi). 
These achievements and the rapid development of our operations around the world give us confidence in the 
future of Teleperformance and the achievement of our annual financial objectives in 2021. We are raising them 
today to at least +20% for like-for-like growth and around 15% for operating margin, representing all-time 
records in annual performance for the Group.” 
Nine-month and third-quarter 2021 Group revenue  
€ millions 
2021 
2020 
% change 
Like-for-like 
Reported  
Average exchange rate (9 months) 
€1 = US$1.20 
€1 = US$1.13 
 
 
9 months 
5,186 
4,088 
+31.0% 
+26.8% 
Third quarter 
1,755 
1,428 
+20.8% 
+22.8% 
 
Consolidated revenue 
Revenue amounted to €5,186 million for the first nine months of 2021, a year-on-year increase of +31.0% 
at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation (like-for-like) and of +26.8% as reported. The 
unfavorable currency effect, which totaled a negative €153 million, stemmed primarily from the decline against 
the euro of the US dollar, the main Latin American currencies, the Indian rupee and the Philippine peso. The 
positive scope effect (+€31 million) was due to the consolidation of Health Advocate in the consolidated financial 
statements since July 1, 2021. 
The sharp revenue gain, which far exceeded a simple return to pre-crisis growth trends, was mainly driven by 
continued strong sales momentum in the Core Services and D.I.B.S. business. Leveraging an efficient hybrid 
business model, combining work-from-home and on-site solutions, the Group benefited from accelerating market 
digitalization. It also consolidated its positioning in the public sector, in particular with the deployment of Covid-
19 support services for governments. Adjusted for said services, organic growth remained strong, close to +20% 
for the first nine months of 2021. Specialized Services revenue also trended upwards over the period, led by strong 
growth at LanguageLine Solutions and the gradual recovery in the TLScontact visa application management 
business.

--- Page 100 ---
07/18866651_1 
100 
Third-quarter 2021 revenue came in at €1,755 million, a year-on-year increase of +20.8% on a like-for-like basis 
and +22.8% as reported. The difference between like-for-like and reported growth was mainly attributable to a 
scope effect related to the consolidation of Health Advocate in the consolidated financial statements since July 1, 
2021. 
As expected, “Covid contracts” made a lower contribution during the period than in the previous quarters, given 
the high vaccination coverage that has now been achieved. The third quarter was also hampered by an unfavorable 
basis of comparison, which will weigh even more heavily on the fourth-quarter performance, due to the rapid 
business recovery in the second half of last year.  
Revenue by activity 
 
Nine 
months 
2021 
Nine 
months 
2020  
% change 
€ millions 
 
 
Like-for-like 
Reported  
CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 
4,604 
3,609 
+32.2% 
+27.6% 
English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 
1,510 
1,285 
+22.2% 
+17.5% 
Ibero-LATAM 
1,370 
1,111 
+29.4% 
+23.3% 
Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA)** 
1,404 
916 
+55.1% 
+53.3% 
India** 
320 
297 
+13.4% 
+7.8% 
SPECIALIZED SERVICES 
582 
479 
+21.7% 
+21.3% 
TOTAL 
5,186 
4,088 
+31.0% 
+26.8% 
 
 
Q3 2021 
Q3 2020  
% change 
€ millions 
 
 
Like-for-like 
Reported  
CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 
1,529 
1,265 
+20.8%  
+20.9% 
English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 
518 
429 
+19.6% 
+20.9% 
Ibero-LATAM 
475 
400 
+19.3% 
+18.6%  
Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA)** 
427 
333 
+28.7% 
+28.2% 
India** 
109 
103 
+6.6% 
+5.9% 
SPECIALIZED SERVICES 
226 
163 
+20.2% 
+38.0% 
TOTAL 
1,755 
1,428 
+20.8%  
+22.8% 
* Digital Integrated Business Services 
** 2020 data from the CEMEA and India regions have been restated on a pro forma basis following the integration 
into the CEMEA region on January 1, 2021 of former Intelenet activities in the Middle East, which were previously 
included in the India & Middle East region 
 
Core Services & Digital Integrated Business Services (D.I.B.S.)  
Core Services & D.I.B.S. revenue amounted to €4,604 million in the first nine months of 2021, a year-on-year 
like-for-like increase of +32.2% that amply outperformed the market. Reported revenue growth came to +27.6%,

--- Page 101 ---
07/18866651_1 
101 
with the difference primarily reflecting the decline against the euro of the US dollar and, to a lesser extent, the 
main Latin American currencies and the Indian rupee. 
In the third quarter, like-for-like revenue growth came to +20.8%, as sustained strong business development in 
the CEMEA and Ibero-LATAM regions was supported by the faster expansion of the digital economy, particularly 
in the e-tailing, logistics, social media and online entertainment segments. The recovery in the hotel and tourism 
sectors continued into the third quarter. However, business growth was less brisk than in the previous two quarters 
for two technical reasons: (i) a lower contribution from “Covid contracts” as expected, particularly in the 
Netherlands and the United Kingdom, given the high vaccination coverage that has now been achieved; and (ii) 
an unfavorable basis of comparison due to the rapid recovery in business as from third-quarter 2020. 
o 
English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 
Revenue for the EWAP region stood at €1,510 million for the first nine months of 2021, a like-for-like increase 
of +22.2%. The reported gain of +17.5% includes an unfavorable currency effect stemming primarily from the 
decline of the US dollar against the euro. In the third quarter, revenue grew +19.6% like-for-like.  
Operations in the North American market – particularly offshore business in the Philippines – reported satisfactory 
like-for-like growth during the first nine months, with a gradual acceleration over the full period. Performance 
was led by the e-tailing, online entertainment, automotive and consumer electronics segments. Rapid progress 
was made in the online food services and energy markets. The hotel and tourism sectors – which had been hard 
hit by the health crisis – returned to growth during the third quarter, lifted by a favorable basis of comparison over 
the period. The temporary labor shortage in the domestic labor market nevertheless weighed on growth. The 
market could start to correct by the end of the year with the end of the employment support measures put in place 
during the health crisis.  
Operations in the United Kingdom expanded very rapidly in the first nine months, with the continued deployment 
of Covid-19 support services for the government, albeit – as expected – at a slower pace in the third quarter than 
in previous quarters. A further decline in the contribution from the Covid-19 services can be anticipated in the 
fourth quarter. Business in other segments benefited from solid sales momentum over the first nine months, 
particularly in consumer electronics and energy.  
In Asia, the continued rapid business growth mainly reflected the contribution of recently signed contracts with 
global leaders in the social media and online entertainment sectors, notably served from the multilingual hubs in 
Malaysia. 
o 
Ibero-LATAM 
Nine-month revenue for the Ibero-LATAM region came to €1,370 million, a year-on-year increase of +29.4% 
like-for-like. On a reported basis, growth came out at +23.3%, with the difference primarily reflecting the decline 
against the euro of the Brazilian real, the Colombian peso, the Argentinian peso and the Mexican peso.  
Third-quarter revenue growth stood at +19.3% like-for-like. The region maintained a robust pace of growth thanks 
to numerous contract wins with e-clients and the deployment of an efficient hybrid business model, combining 
work-from-home and on-site solutions. As expected, growth was slower than in the previous quarters given the 
2020 comparatives shaped by the health crisis. 
Sharp gains were recorded during the first nine months in Colombia, by the Group’s nearshore operations (Mexico, 
Dominican Republic and El Salvador) and in Argentina. Activities in Portugal also reported solid revenue growth, 
led by the strong performance of its multilingual hubs serving global market leaders in the digital economy.  
Business across the region was particularly brisk in the e-tailing, online entertainment, consumer electronics and 
financial services segments and is recovering rapidly in the travel and hotel sectors. The online food services, 
automotive and healthcare segments made further progress. 
o 
Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA)

--- Page 102 ---
07/18866651_1 
102 
Revenue for the CEMEA region totaled €1,404 million in the first nine months of 2021, representing a 
year-on-year like-for-like increase of +55.1% that considerably outpaced the market. Reported growth stood at 
+53.3%, primarily due to the decline in the Turkish lira and Russian ruble against the euro.  
Like-for-like revenue growth in the third quarter came to +28.7%. As expected, growth was mechanically slower 
than in the previous quarters due to the higher basis of comparison in the second half of 2020. It reflected the 
rapid recovery in the Group’s operations after the peak of the crisis and the start-up of support services for 
government vaccination campaigns. Given the rapid increase in vaccination coverage, the contribution from 
“Covid contracts” could decline further and weigh significantly on growth in the fourth quarter. 
Growth was also supported by fast-expanding business with multinational clients, particularly in the e-tailing, 
consumer electronics and logistics segments, namely in the German- and French-speaking markets, and in the 
Netherlands, Italy, Turkey, Egypt, Romania and Russia. The hospitality and tourism segments returned to growth 
during the third quarter. 
o 
India 
In the first nine months of 2021, operations in India generated €320 million in revenue, up +13.4% from the prior-
year period on a like-for-like basis and up +7.8% as reported. The difference was due to the negative currency 
effect caused by the decline in the Indian rupee against the euro.  
In the third quarter, revenue growth was slower than in the previous quarters, at +6.6%. The first half of the year 
benefited from a particularly favorable basis of comparison, given the steep falloff in business at the peak of the 
crisis last year. Work-from-home solutions continue to be deployed on a large scale and now apply to nearly 75% 
of the workforce. In the vast and contrasting Indian market, the Group is focused on maintaining profitable and 
selective growth through high value-added services. 
Offshore activities, which are the main source of regional revenue and include high value-added solutions, as well 
as domestic activities enjoyed solid growth over the first nine months. The former benefited in particular from the 
firm growth in the consumer electronics, online entertainment and online food services segments, and the latter 
from contract ramp-ups in the e-retailing and energy segments.  
 
Specialized Services 
Revenue from Specialized Services stood at €582 million in the first nine months of 2021, a year-on-year increase 
of +21.7% like-for-like and of +21.3% as reported. The difference between like-for-like and reported growth 
stemmed from an unfavorable currency effect linked to the decline in the US dollar against the euro and a positive 
scope effect (+€31 million) due to the consolidation of Health Advocate in the consolidated financial statements 
since July 1, 2021. Business grew by a strong +20.2% like-for-like in the third quarter, despite a less favorable 
basis of comparison. 
The positive revenue growth that had resumed at TLScontact in April continued into the third quarter led by high 
prior-period comparatives (air traffic having been virtually halted in March 2020) and the still modest recovery in 
international travel to date. The upturn in revenue, which depends on how the health crisis evolves, is expected to 
continue the fourth quarter.  
LanguageLine Solutions, the activity’s main contributor and business growth driver, advanced at a brisk pace in 
the first nine months of 2021. Growth in the third quarter, however, was affected by less favorable comparatives 
than in the first two quarters, as business in the healthcare sector in the United States was heavily impacted in 
2020 by the crisis at the beginning of the year. 
The debt collection business in North America recorded solid revenue growth in the first nine months of 2021, 
still buoyed by strong sales momentum during the health crisis. 
Outlook

--- Page 103 ---
07/18866651_1 
103 
Based on the very solid performance delivered in the first nine months, Teleperformance has raised its full-year 
2021 guidance to: 
 
Like-for-like full-year revenue growth of at least +20%, versus the previous growth target of around +18%. 
 
An EBITA margin before non-recurring items of around 15%, versus the previous target of more than 14.5%. 
In fourth-quarter 2021, the Group’s performance will continue to benefit from its strong sales momentum and the 
sustained acceleration of its digital transformation. Growth will however be impacted by a high basis of 
comparison and a potentially reduced contribution from government assistance services.  
Disclaimer 
All forward-looking statements are based on Teleperformance management’s present expectations of future events 
and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those described in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these factors and uncertainties, 
please refer to the “Risk Factors” section of our Universal Registration Document, available at 
www.teleperformance.com. Teleperformance undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these 
forward-looking statements. 
Conference call with analysts and investors 
Wednesday, November 3, 2021 at 6:15 PM CET  
A replay of the conference call will be available for subsequent listening on Teleperformance’s website, along 
with the relevant documentation, in the Investor Relations section under Financial Publications 
(www.teleperformance.com), and by clicking on the following link: 
https://teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/publications-and-events/financial-publications/   
Indicative investor calendar 
Full-year 2021 results: February 17, 2022 
First-quarter 2022 revenue: April 19, 2022 
About Teleperformance Group 
Teleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP), a leading 
global group in digitally integrated business services, serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest 
companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model combining three wide, high-value 
solution families: customer experience management, back-office services and business process knowledge 
services. These end-to-end digital solutions guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business 
processes, anchored in a unique, comprehensive high tech, high touch approach. The Group's 380,000+ 
employees, based in 83 countries, support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and over 
170 markets, in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler, Faster, Safer” process. This mission 
is supported by the use of reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s 
highest security and quality standards, based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2020, 
Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €5,732 million (US$6.5 billion, based on €1 = $1.14) and net 
profit of €324 million. 
Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market, Compartment A, and are eligible for the deferred 
settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40, CAC Support Services, STOXX 600, 
S&P Europe 350 and MSCI Global Standard. In the area of corporate social responsibility, Teleperformance shares 
are included in the Euronext Vigeo Eurozone 120 index, the FTSE4Good index and the Solactive Europe 
Corporate Social Responsibility index (formerly Ethibel Sustainability Excellence Europe index). 
For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance

--- Page 104 ---
07/18866651_1 
104 
CONTACTS 
FINANCIAL ANALYSTS AND 
INVESTORS 
Investor relations and financial 
communication department 
TELEPERFORMANCE 
Tel: +33 1 53 83 59 15  
investor@teleperformance.com  
PRESS RELATIONS 
Europe  
Laurent Poinsot – Karine Allouis 
IMAGE7  
Tel: +33 1 53 70 74 70 
teleperformance@image7.fr  
PRESS RELATIONS 
Americas and Asia-Pacific 
Mark Pfeiffer 
TELEPERFORMANCE 
Tel: + 1 801-257-5811 
mark.pfeiffer@teleperformance.com

--- Page 105 ---
07/18866651_1 
105 
Appendices 
Appendix 1 – Quarterly and nine-month revenue by activity 
 
Nine 
months 
2021 
Nine 
months 
2020  
% change 
€ millions 
 
 
Like-for-like 
Reported  
CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 
4,604 
3,609 
+32.2% 
+27.6% 
English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 
1,510 
1,285 
+22.2% 
+17.5% 
Ibero-LATAM 
1,370 
1,111 
+29.4% 
+23.3% 
Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA)** 
1,404 
916 
+55.1% 
+53.3% 
India** 
320 
297 
+13.4% 
+7.8% 
SPECIALIZED SERVICES 
582 
479 
+21.7% 
+21.3% 
TOTAL 
5,186 
4,088 
+31.0% 
+26.8% 
 
 
Q3 2021 
Q3 2020  
% change 
€ millions 
 
 
Like-for-like 
Reported  
CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 
1,529 
1,265 
+20.8%  
+20.9% 
English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 
518 
429 
+19.6% 
+20.9% 
Ibero-LATAM 
475 
400 
+19.3% 
+18.6%  
Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA)** 
427 
333 
+28.7% 
+28.2% 
India** 
109 
103 
+6.6% 
+5.9% 
SPECIALIZED SERVICES 
226 
163 
+20.2% 
+38.0% 
TOTAL 
1,755 
1,428 
+20.8%  
+22.8% 
 
 
Q2 2021 
Q2 2020  
% change 
€ millions 
 
 
Like-for-like 
Reported  
CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 
1,539 
1,165 
+37.8% 
+32.1% 
English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 
484 
425 
+20.7%  
+14.0% 
Ibero-LATAM 
454 
355 
+33.5% 
+27.8% 
Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA)** 
495 
299 
+68.1%  
+65.7% 
India** 
106 
86 
+29.9% 
+22.8% 
SPECIALIZED SERVICES 
180 
142 
+37.6% 
+26.5% 
TOTAL 
1,719 
1,307 
+37.7% 
+31.5%

--- Page 106 ---
07/18866651_1 
106 
 
Q1 2021 
Q1 2020  
% change 
€ millions 
 
 
Like-for-like 
Reported  
CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 
1,536 
1,179 
+39.7% 
+30.3% 
English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 
508 
431 
+26.6% 
+17.7% 
Ibero-LATAM 
442 
356 
+37.4% 
+24.1% 
Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA)** 
481 
284 
+72.8% 
+69.5%  
India** 
105 
108 
+6.7% 
-2.5% 
SPECIALIZED SERVICES 
176 
173 
+10.1% 
+1.4% 
TOTAL 
1,712 
1,352 
+35.9% 
+26.6% 
* Digital Integrated Business Services 
** 2020 data from the CEMEA and India regions have been restated on a pro forma basis following the integration 
into the CEMEA region on January 1, 2021 of former Intelenet activities in the Middle East, which were previously 
included in the India & Middle East region

--- Page 107 ---
07/18866651_1 
107 
Appendix 
Appendix 2Quarterly and nine-month revenue by activity  
Change in like-for-like revenue:  
Change in revenue at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation = [current year revenue - last year 
revenue at current year rates - revenue from acquisitions at current year rates] / last year revenue at current year 
rates. 
EBITDA before non-recurring items or current EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation 
and Amortization):  
Operating profit before depreciation & amortization, amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of a 
business combination, goodwill impairment charges and non-recurring items.  
EBITA before non-recurring items or current EBITA (Earnings before Interest, Taxes and Amortization):  
Operating profit before amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination, goodwill 
impairment charges and non-recurring items.  
Non-recurring items:  
Principally comprises restructuring costs, incentive share award plan expense, costs of closure of subsidiary 
companies, transaction costs for the acquisition of companies, and all other expenses that are unusual by reason 
of their nature or amount. 
Net free cash flow:  
Cash flow generated by the business - acquisitions of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment net of 
disposals - financial income/expenses. 
Net debt:  
Current and non-current financial liabilities - cash and cash equivalents 
Diluted earnings per share (net profit attributable to shareholders divided by the number of diluted shares 
and adjusted): 
Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding by the effects of all potentially diluting ordinary shares. 
These include convertible bonds, stock options and incentive share awards granted to employees when the 
required performance conditions have been met at the end of the financial year."

--- Page 108 ---
07/18866651_1 
108 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 29 
December 2021 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement”) between Teleperformance, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis to the Permanent Dealers. The Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own 
behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the 
Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement also 
provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. 
Teleperformance will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it unless otherwise agreed. Teleperformance has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its 
expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection 
with the Programme.  
Teleperformance has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify Teleperformance against certain liabilities in connection 
with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate 
any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being 
made to the Issuer.  
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and PRIIPs 
Regulation 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
1. 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on insurance distribution of 20 January 2016, as amended or superseded, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
EU MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
2. 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 109 ---
07/18866651_1 
109 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation pursuant to 
Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors the 
Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes; and 
(b) 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
1. 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(a) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(b) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
2. 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; 
and 
3. 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a

--- Page 110 ---
07/18866651_1 
110 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) Act or the securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and the 
Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and applicable State securities laws. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons pursuant to and in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. Materialised Notes will 
be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “I.R.Code”), section 4701(b) that contains rules identical 
to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms states that such Materialised Bearer Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the 
rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) such Materialised Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. TEFRA will not apply to Dematerialised Notes or Registered Notes. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, deliver Notes, of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it 
sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such Tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited.

--- Page 111 ---
07/18866651_1 
111 
Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer, 
sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control 
and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in 
each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, pursuant 
to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic 
of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as 
amended on 10 August 2016); and (iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or 
requirement imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes 
described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or into 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”), except under the following 
exemptions under the FinSA: (i) to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the 
FinSA, (ii) in any other circumstances falling within article 36 of the FinSA, provided, in each case, that no such 
offer of Notes referred to in (i) and (ii) shall require the publication of a prospectus for offers of Notes and/or the 
publication of a key information document (“KID”) (or an equivalent document) pursuant to the FinSA. 
The Notes have not and will not be listed or admitted to trading on any trading venue in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offer, the Notes or the 
Issuer constitutes a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) as such terms are understood pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offer, the 
Notes or the Issuer may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland in an manner which would 
require the publication of a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) in Switzerland pursuant to the FinSA. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”) 
and has agreed or will agree, as the case may be, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:

--- Page 112 ---
07/18866651_1 
112 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) 
of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of any invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of any invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus and any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, 
of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities based derivatives contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA), 
of that corporation or beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or where such transfer to any person arises 
from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of 
the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 113 ---
07/18866651_1 
113 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of Teleperformance and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, 
offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, 
offer or sale and neither Teleperformance, or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore.

--- Page 114 ---
07/18866651_1 
114 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account 
the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements 
published by ESMA dated 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with 
the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.4]5 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
 
4 
 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”). 
5 
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the EU MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 115 ---
07/18866651_1 
115 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
Teleperformance SE 
 
Euro 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
Due from one month from the date of original issue 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
issued by Teleperformance SE (the “Issuer”) 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer (LEI): 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 29 December 2021 which has received approval no. 21-541 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) on 29 December 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval 
no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus[, the Supplement(s)] and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of Teleperformance (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/) 
and printed copies may be obtained from Teleperformance at 21-25 rue Balzac, 75008 Paris, France. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth in the [●] EMTN Conditions. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the

--- Page 116 ---
07/18866651_1 
116 
purposes of Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on [●] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] 
from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all relevant information, save in respect of the [●] EMTN 
Conditions. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] [is]/[are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and of Teleperformance (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/) and printed 
copies may be obtained from Teleperformance at 21-25 rue Balzac, 75008 Paris, France.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
 
Issuer: 
Teleperformance SE 
2 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) [Date on which the Notes 
become fungible]: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer 
on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the 
date of assimilation which is expected to be on or 
about 40 days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation 
Date”).] 
3 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only if applicable)] 
6 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
7 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
 
Maturity Date:  
[[●] specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ unadjusted/ Not applicable]

--- Page 117 ---
07/18866651_1 
117 
10 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up 
Option]] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate[, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[CPI Linked Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
(further particulars specified below) 
11 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
12 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate or 
floating to fixed rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there] 
13 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Squeeze-Out Call Option] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated 
 
(ii) [Date of Board approval 
for issuance of Notes 
obtained]: 
 
[Decision of the [●] of Teleperformance SE dated 
[●] [and [●], respectively]]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
(if the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option) 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option  
The Initial Rate of Interest is [●] per cent. Per 
annum [payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(further particulars specified in item 17 of these 
Final Terms)] 
 
(if the Notes are not subject to the Step Up Option)

--- Page 118 ---
07/18866651_1 
118 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly / other (specify) in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year  
 
(iii) Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
([ICMA] 
/ 
[ISDA])]/[include any other option from the 
Conditions] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-
ICMA) 
16 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(In the event where the benchmark used to calculate 
the interest payable is discontinued, Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C) provides for a methodology to determine 
the successor or alternative rates) 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option (further 
particulars specified in item 17 below)]/[The Notes 
are not subject to the Step Up Option] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iii) 
below] 
 
(iii) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / Specify dates] 
 
(vi) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[●]

--- Page 119 ---
07/18866651_1 
119 
 
(vii) Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
– Reference Inter-Bank 
Market: 
[●] 
 
– Reference Screen Page 
Time: 
[●] 
 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
– Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Specified Time: 
[●] 
 
(viii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
- ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
(if the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option) [The 
initial Margin is] [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest8: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
17 
 
Sustainability-Linked Note 
Provisions – Step Up Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Sustainability 
Performance 
Target 
#1: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Sustainability 
Performance 
Target 
#2: 
[●] 
 
8 
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 120 ---
07/18866651_1 
120 
 
(iii) 
Target 
Observation 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
External Verifier: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Intermediate Step Up 
Margin: 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
 
(vi) 
Full Step Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
18 
 
Sustainability-Linked 
Note 
Provisions 
– 
Premium 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Sustainability 
Performance Target #1: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Sustainability 
Performance Target #2: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Target Observation Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) External Verifier: 
[●] 
 
(v) Intermediate Premium 
Payment Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(vi) Full Premium Payment 
Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
19 
 
Zero 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
20 
 
Inflation Linked Notes 
- 
Provisions relating to CPI or 
HICP Linked Interest: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(v) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●])

--- Page 121 ---
07/18866651_1 
121 
 
(vi) Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio  
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(c) 
Notice period:9 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
22 
 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:10 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
 
(ii) Reference Security: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Similar Security: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Redemption Margin:  
[●] 
 
(v) Party, if any, responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
principal and/or interest 
due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(vi) Reference Dealers: 
[[As per Condition 6(c)]/[●]] 
23 
 
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
9 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.  
10 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 122 ---
07/18866651_1 
122 
 
(i) Call Option Date:  
[●] 
 
(ii) Notice period11:  
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
24 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period:12 
[●] 
25 
 
Squeeze-Out Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Squeeze-Out Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) Squeeze-Out Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
26 
 
Acquisition 
Event 
Call 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Event Limit 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Targeted Company: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Redemption in whole only 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
27 
 
Change 
of 
Control 
Put 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
28 
 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
– 
Provisions relating to the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Final 
Redemption 
Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
[Condition 6 (i) applies] 
 
11 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.  
12 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 123 ---
07/18866651_1 
123 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
29 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for 
taxation 
reasons 
(Condition 6(k)), 
for 
illegality (Condition 6(o)) 
or on event of default 
(Condition 9): 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination 
 
(ii) Redemption for taxation 
reasons permitted on days 
others 
than 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) Unmatured Coupons to 
become void upon early 
redemption (Materialised 
Notes only): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
30 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and may 
only be issued outside France.) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer form (au 
porteur)/Administered 
Registered 
form 
(au 
nominatif administré)/Fully Registered form (au 
nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give 
name and address] (note that a registration agent 
must be appointed in relation to Fully Registered 
Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary 
Global 
Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
[●] (the “Exchange Date”), being 40 days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as specified in 
the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable 
TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable 
to Materialised Notes)

--- Page 124 ---
07/18866651_1 
124 
31 
 
Exclusion of the possibility to 
request identification of a 
Noteholder as Provided by 
Condition 1(a): 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
32 
 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates 
of interest period for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest to which items 14 (ii) and 15(iv) 
relates] 
33 
 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
34 
 
Details relating to Instalment 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) Minimum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
[●] 
35 
 
Redenomination provision: 
[Not Applicable/The provision [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
36 
 
Purchase in accordance with 
applicable French laws and 
regulations: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
37 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] 
apply] 
38 
 
Masse (Condition 11): 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[●]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source)]. [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]

--- Page 125 ---
07/18866651_1 
125 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Teleperformance SE: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 126 ---
07/18866651_1 
126 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris/specify 
relevant regulated market] with effect from [●].] [Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris/specify 
relevant regulated market] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading)  
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
 
 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating) 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
 
 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established [in the 
European Union] and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established [in the 
European Union] and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended)]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established [in 
the European Union] and [has/have each] not applied for

--- Page 127 ---
07/18866651_1 
127 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended)] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement 
below): 
“Save as discussed for any fees payable to the Managers and Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
(including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[●]/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s general 
corporate purposes.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds:  
 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient 
to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price [and assuming no interest rate step up and/or premium 
payment amount is applied or paid in accordance with Condition 
5(e)]. It is not an indication of future yield.  
[In the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes, additional wording 
should be added here to refer to the yield that would be applicable 
in the case of an interest rate step up and/or premium payment] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
(i) 
Details of performance of [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/ replicate other as specified in the Conditions]
rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/other] 
(ii) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As 
at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “Benchmark Regulation”). As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [•] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union and the United 
Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]

--- Page 128 ---
07/18866651_1 
128 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING] 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [Consumer Price Index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France (“CPI”) as calculated and published [[monthly] / [●]] by the Institut National de la Statistique 
et des Etudes Economiques.] / [Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco (“HICP”) as calculated and 
published [[monthly / [●]] by Eurostat.]] 
(ii) 
Information about the Index, its volatility and where past and future performances can be obtained, 
[but not free of charge], from: [●]/ [give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
volatility and performance]. 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where
it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Depositaries 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.: 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on 
a firm commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best 
efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, include 
a statement of the portion not covered.) 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 129 ---
07/18866651_1 
129 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions (Categories 
of potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes;  
[TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 130 ---
07/18866651_1 
130 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 21-541 on 29 December 2021 from the AMF. The AMF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve 
(12) months after the approval by the AMF, until 29 December 2022, provided that it is completed by 
one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply.  
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such 
Regulated Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.   
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the establishment of the Programme.  
3. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection with 
the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. On 28 July 2021, the Board of Directors 
(Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has authorised the update of the Programme for a maximum 
aggregate amount of Notes outstanding at any one time of €4,000,000,000. On the same date, the Board 
of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has authorised for a duration of one year from 28 
July 2021, the issue of Notes up to an aggregate nominal amount of €1,500,000,000.  
4. 
The business address of the members of the administrative and management bodies of the Issuer is 
located at 21-25 rue Balzac, 75008 Paris, France. 
5. 
The Issuer’s LEI code is 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61. 
6. 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.teleperformance.com/. The information on such website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
7. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference herein), 
there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of 
Teleperformance or the Group since 30 September 2021. 
8. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference herein), 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Teleperformance or of the Group since 
31 December 2020. 
9. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries is involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware), during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer or the Group’s financial position or 
profitability.  
10. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not entered into contracts outside the ordinary 
course of its business, which could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement

--- Page 131 ---
07/18866651_1 
131 
that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to holders of Notes in respect of the Notes 
being issued under the Programme.  
11. 
To the Issuer’s knowledge, no director or member of the executive management has a potential conflict 
of interests between its duties to the Issuer and its private interests and or other duties. 
12. 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France and/or 
Euroclear and Clearstream. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire 75009 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear is 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent. 
If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
13. 
KPMG Audit IS and Deloitte & Associés are the statutory auditors of the Issuer. KPMG Audit IS and 
Deloitte & Associés have audited, and rendered unqualified reports on, the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as at, and for the two years ended, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
KPMG Audit IS and Deloitte & Associés are registered as Commissaires aux Comptes (members of the 
Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes) and regulated by the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes. KPMG Audit IS and Deloitte & Associés have also issued a limited review 
report in respect of the Issuer’s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the 
half-year ended 30 June 2021. 
14. 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer: 
(a) 
the 
up-to-date 
statuts 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/fr-
fr/gouvernance-et-isr/structure-de-la-gouvernance-dentreprise); 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and any Supplements 
to this Base Prospectus) (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/fr-fr/); 
(c) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (https://www.teleperformanceinvestorrelations.com/fr-fr/);  
The Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and any Supplements to this 
Base Prospectus) and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (i) will also be published on the AMF’s 
website (www.amf-france.org) (except for documents incorporated by reference other than the 2020 
URD, the 2019 URD Amendment and the 2019 URD) and (ii) will remain publicly available in electronic 
form for so long as the relevant Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding and a minimum of 
10 years after their publication on the Issuer’s website and (iii) will also be available, (a) free of charge, 
during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at 
the office of the Issuer, and (b) in hard copy format upon request to the Issuer. 
15. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and the rate of interest applicable 
to the Notes. It is not an indication of future yield. The yield of the relevant Notes, if applicable, will be 
stated in the Final Terms of the Notes.

--- Page 132 ---
07/18866651_1 
132 
16. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the relevant Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty (60) days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
17. 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to Reference Rates 
including EURIBOR, LIBOR or EUR CMS which are respectively provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”) with respect to EURIBOR and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(“ICE”) with respect to LIBOR and CMS Rate, or other Reference Rates as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each of ICE and the EMMI have been authorised as regulated benchmark administrators 
pursuant to Article 34 of the Benchmark Regulation and appears on the public register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant 
benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the ESMA register 
referred to above. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or 
the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
18. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “US Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of 
Japan, and references to “CHF”, “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. References 
in this Base Prospectus to “day” or “days” are to a calendar day or to calendar days, respectively. 
19. 
Each Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States 
person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended”. 
20. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the programme is currently unrated. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated BBB (stable outlook) by S&P. S&P is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, S&P is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes to be issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes 
is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant Final 
Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. S&P is not established in the United

--- Page 133 ---
07/18866651_1 
133 
Kingdom (the “UK”) and is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings of S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by 
and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 134 ---
07/18866651_1 
134 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect the import of such information.  
 
Teleperformance SE 
21-25 rue Balzac 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Duly represented by  
Olivier Rigaudy, Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer 
signed in Paris 
dated 29 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 29 December 2021 is valid until 29 December 2022 and shall, 
within this period and pursuant to the conditions set by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, 
be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has the following approval number: 21-541.

--- Page 135 ---
07/18866651_1 
135 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF TELEPERFORMANCE SE 
21-25 rue Balzac 
75008 Paris 
France 
ARRANGER 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis  
CS 75002 
92547 Montrouge Cedex  
France 
DEALERS  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
C/ Sauceda 28 
Asia Building 2nd Floor 
28050 Madrid 
Spain  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland  
BNP PARIBAS 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France 
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris  
France  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)60310 Frankfurt am 
MainGermany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
NATIXIS 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France  
75013 Paris  
France

--- Page 136 ---
07/18866651_1 
136 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe, S.A. 
1-5 Rue Paul Cézanne 
75008 Paris 
France 
STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
KPMG Audit IS 
Tour Eqho 
2 avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris La Défense 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-la-Défense Cedex 
France 
LEGAL ADVISORS AS TO FRENCH LAW 
To the Issuer  
To the Joint Lead Managers 
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris  
France  
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 rue d’Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France  
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champs de Tir – CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
MAKE-WHOLE CALCULATION AGENT 
Aether Financial Services 
36 rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France