--- Page 1 ---
4126-8575-6463.10 
 
EMTN PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS 
This document constitutes two base prospectuses: (i) the base prospectus of TIM S.p.A. and (ii) the base prospectus of Telecom Italia Finance 
S.A. (together, the EMTN Programme Prospectus).  
 
TIM S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
TELECOM ITALIA FINANCE S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg) 
€20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed in respect of Notes issued by 
Telecom Italia Finance S.A. by 
TIM S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
 
Under this €20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), TIM S.p.A. (TIM) and Telecom Italia Finance S.A. (TI 
Finance and, together with TIM in its capacity as an issuer, the Issuers and each an Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) 
denominated in any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
 
Payment of all amounts owing in respect of the Notes issued by TI Finance will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by TIM (in such 
capacity, the Guarantor). 
 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €20,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement), subject to increase as described herein.  
 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a Dealer and, together, the Dealers), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this EMTN Programme Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to the Lead Manager(s) acting on behalf of all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such 
Notes.  
 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
 
This EMTN Programme Prospectus has been approved as two base prospectuses, the base prospectus of TIM and the base prospectus of TI Finance 
by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation) and the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour 
valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129). The CSSF only approves this EMTN Programme Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
By approving this EMTN Programme Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this EMTN Programme Prospectus or the quality or solvency of either Issuer. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
References in the two base prospectuses to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU).  
 
This EMTN Programme Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 7 July 2022, which corresponds to a 
period of 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) 
and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this EMTN Programme Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this EMTN Programme Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a Final Terms document (the 
Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as 
may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) and the relevant Dealer. The Issuers may also 
issue unlisted Notes. 
 
Subject to and as set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Taxation”, TIM shall not be liable to pay any additional amounts to holders of the 
Notes in relation to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as the same may be 
amended or supplemented from time to time), where the Notes are held by a Noteholder resident for tax purposes in a country which does not allow 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy and otherwise in the circumstances described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Taxation”.  
 
TI Finance has a right of substitution as set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Meeting of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, 
Authorisation, Determination and Substitution”. The Trustee may at any time agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders (all as

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), to the substitution, in place of TI Finance, of TIM or any Subsidiary (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) of TIM as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons (all as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). TIM 
shall indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against (A) any tax, assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on such Noteholder or 
Couponholder by (or by any authority in or of) the Republic of Italy (Italy) with respect to any Note or Coupon and which would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made and (B) any tax, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense relating to the substitution, 
except that TIM shall not be liable under such indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or on account of 
any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy. As long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and/or listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in 
the case of such substitution, TIM will advise the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a new EMTN Programme base prospectus will be prepared and the 
Noteholders will be notified in accordance with the provisions of “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Notices”. 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State 
securities laws, but the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the 
account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
 
Each of Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (Moody’s), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) is established in 
the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of 
Moody’s, S&P and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. Please also refer to “Credit ratings may not reflect all risks” in the “Risk Factors” section of this EMTN Programme Prospectus.  
 
Interest amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to LIBOR or EURIBOR, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, which is provided respectively by the ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of LIBOR) and the European Money 
Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR). As at the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus, the ICE Benchmark Administration 
(as administrator of LIBOR) is not included in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE 
Benchmark Administration (as administrator of LIBOR) is not currently required to obtain authorization/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). As at the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus, the European Money 
Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation). 
 
 
Arranger 
 
J.P. MORGAN 
 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS  
BNP PARIBAS  
CITIGROUP  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB  
DEUTSCHE BANK  
IMI - INTESA SANPAOLO  
J.P. MORGAN 
MEDIOBANCA 
NATWEST MARKETS 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING  
UNICREDIT 
 
 
The date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus is 7 July 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This EMTN Programme Prospectus comprises two base prospectuses for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation: (i) the base prospectus of TIM; and (ii) the base prospectus of TI Finance. 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus, any supplement thereto, and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(each having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this 
EMTN Programme Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information.  
This EMTN Programme Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This EMTN 
Programme Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are so 
incorporated and form part of this EMTN Programme Prospectus.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this EMTN Programme 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this EMTN Programme Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Save for each Issuer, no other party has separately verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated in this EMTN Programme Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Dealer 
or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this EMTN Programme Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers or 
the Guarantor in connection with the Programme.  
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
EMTN Programme Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts 
any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
or any other person in connection with any issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Trustee to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or consistent with this EMTN Programme 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee.  
Neither this EMTN Programme Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) 
should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or 
the Trustee that any recipient of this EMTN Programme Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor (if applicable). Neither this EMTN Programme Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation 
by or on behalf of any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to 
subscribe or purchase any Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
Neither the delivery of this EMTN Programme Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning any of the 
Issuers and/or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time subsequent to the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any 
information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published 
documents incorporated by reference into this EMTN Programme Prospectus when deciding whether 
or not to purchase any Notes.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE 
SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS EMTN PROGRAMME 
PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This EMTN Programme Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation 
in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this EMTN Programme Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers 
and the Trustee represent that this EMTN Programme Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically 
indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this EMTN Programme Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this EMTN Programme Prospectus or 
any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this EMTN Programme Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this EMTN Programme Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, France, Belgium, Japan, Singapore and the 
EEA. See “Subscription and Sale”.  
In this EMTN Programme Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a 
provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this EMTN Programme Prospectus relating to 
the Issuers has been derived from: 
 
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 of TIM and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “TIM Group”); and 
 
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 of TI Finance and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “TI Finance Group”); 
together, the “Financial Statements”. 
The Issuers’ financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this EMTN Programme 
Prospectus to any specific year are to the twelve-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  
The TIM Group Audited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
and adopted by the EU (IFRS). 
The TI Finance Group Audited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS. 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this EMTN Programme 
Prospectus will have the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any 
other section of this EMTN Programme Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this 
EMTN Programme Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
All references in this EMTN Programme Prospectus document to euro, Euro and € refer to the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, Sterling and £ refer to 
pounds sterling and all references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars.  
References to the “TIM Group” refer to TIM and its consolidated subsidiaries as they exist at the date 
of this EMTN Programme Prospectus. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this EMTN Programme Prospectus have been subject to 
rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables 
may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of 
the figures which precede them.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisors, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this EMTN Programme Prospectus; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase of pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 10 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 15 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 39 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 44 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 46 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 59 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 93 
Description of TIM ........................................................................................................................................... 94 
Regulation ...................................................................................................................................................... 106 
TIM Group – Selected Financial Information and Statistical Operating Data ............................................... 149 
Directors, Executive Officers and Statutory Auditors .................................................................................... 159 
Description of TI Finance ............................................................................................................................... 164 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 169 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 182 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 187

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this EMTN Programme Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer, the Guarantor and any relevant Dealer 
may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in 
which event, a new Base Prosprectus or a supplement to the Base Prospetcus, if appropriate, will be 
published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this overview.  
Issuers: 
TELECOM ITALIA S.p.A. named also “TIM S.p.A.” 
 
TIM was incorporated as a joint stock company under the laws 
of Italy on 20 October 1908, and its duration is until 31 
December 2100. TIM’s registered office is Via Gaetano Negri 
1, 20123 Milan, Italy.  
 
Telecom Italia Finance S.A. 
 
TI Finance was incorporated on 2 June 2000 for an unlimited 
duration in the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg as a société 
anonyme. TI Finance’s registered office is 12 rue Eugène 
Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg. 
Issuers Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
TIM: 549300W384M3RI3VXU42 
TI Finance: 549300O482B6CBF38D50 
Guarantor: 
TIM S.p.A. (in respect of Notes issued by TI Finance) 
Risk Factors: 
 
There are certain risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s and/or 
the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme and/or the Guarantee. 
 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure 
of a particular issue of Notes issued under the Programme. All 
of these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
NatWest Markets Plc 
Société Générale 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this EMTN Programme 
Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch  
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited  
Programme Size: 
Up to €20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form 
of the Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
(as 
published 
by 
the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate of 
Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5.3(b) (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if 
any (in accordance with Condition 5.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments)). 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution. See 
“Certain Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that 
the minimum denomination of each will be such as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amounts in such currency). See “Certain Restrictions — Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Relevant Jurisdiction, subject as provided in Condition 8. 
In the event that any such deduction is made, the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes 
issued by TI Finance) will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Restrictions on Security Interests: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a provision restricting the 
ability of the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Notes issued by 
TI Finance) the Guarantor to create security interests in respect 
of certain of their capital markets indebtedness, as further 
described in Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations 
of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save as aforesaid and for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the relevant Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Guarantee: 
Notes issued by TI Finance will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee will be unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu 
and (save as aforesaid and for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, 
from time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, it will be rated by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. 
(Moody’s), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and/or 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch). Moody’s, S&P and Fitch 
are established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Approval, Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as two base prospectuses, the base prospectus of TIM 
and the base prospectus of TI Finance. Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may 
be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to each Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchange(s). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed and any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with them, 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law, save, in respect of Notes issued by TIM, for the provisions 
contained in Condition 15 of "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" and the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning the 
meeting of Noteholders and the appointment of the 
rappresentante comune are subject to compliance with Italian 
law. The provisions of Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg law on commercial companies of 10 August 1915, 
as amended, are excluded. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Italy, 
France, Belgium, Singapore and Japan, and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA D 
Rules/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuers and the Guarantor may become insolvent or 
otherwise unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee. There is a wide 
range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuers or the Guarantor becoming unable 
to make all payments due. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most 
likely to occur, as the Issuers and the Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors 
which they currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events 
outside of the Issuers’ and the Guarantor’s control. The Issuers and the Guarantor have identified in this 
EMTN Programme Prospectus, including in the information incorporated by reference herein (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), a number of factors which could materially adversely affect 
their businesses and ability to make payments due. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this EMTN Programme 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.  
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BUSINESS ACTIVITY AND INDUSTRIES OF THE ISSUERS.  
TIM’s business will be adversely affected if TIM is unable to successfully implement its strategic 
objectives. Factors beyond its control may prevent it from successfully implementing its strategy.  
On 23 February 2021, TIM’s Board of Directors approved the 2021 – 2023 Strategic Plan (Plan).  
The strategy outlined is based on the industrial objectives achieved and the solid financial foundation 
established by exceeding the cash generation and debt reduction targets achieved in the last two years. The 
technological evolution and expansion of the fixed, mobile and cloud infrastructures and data centres have 
been speeded-up and strengthened by partnerships with leading global companies such as Google for the 
Cloud, Disney for TV content, Vodafone for mobile towers, and KKR and Fastweb for the development of 
super high-speed fibre. 
The key objective of the new three-year plan is the expansion of the Group’s business beyond connectivity 
by leveraging the convergence of different business areas while continuing to increase the efficiency of the 
traditional core business at the same time. The plan also takes into account the deteriorating economic 
outlook following the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On the consumer market side, the Plan includes the developed convergence model, increasing the drive for 
“adjacent” services (TV, smart home, security, etc.), the digitisation of processes and an improved customer 
experience, and, as result, a stabilisation or moderate increase of the fixed and mobile average revenue per 
user (ARPU), in addition to significant growth in the volumes of digital services. The actions planned will 
maintain stabilisation of the fixed lines and constructive dynamics for Mobile Number Portability in the 
mobile sector. The platform named TIM Vision (TIM Vision) will continue to enrich the offering that has 
transformed this service into the most complete TV platform on the Italian market, aggregating the best 
entertainment and sports content of the main sector players (e.g. Disney+, Netflix, Mediaset Infinity, SKY, 
Dazn, Amazon, Discovery). 
On business side, previous plans’ goal to consolidate TIM as a reference provider and quality top partner of 
integrated solutions for small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and large companies is confirmed. In this 
context, the adjacent market with the best development prospects is that of Information and Communications 
Technology (ICT) services and in particular the cloud and data centres, which will be able to benefit from 
the support of both Google Cloud, the strategic partner, and Noovle, the new dedicated hub created for this 
purpose. The same model, with specialised “factories”, will be adopted to develop new business

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
opportunities with Olivetti for the IoT, Telsy for cybersecurity and Sparkle for geographically extended 
international connectivity services and “beyond connectivity” services. 
On the wholesale market, the goal of protecting market share will continue to be pursued while maintaining 
leadership in ultrabroadband coverage. The aim will be to seize the opportunities resulting from non-
regulated services, in line with the previous plan, while also offering other operators services beyond 
connectivity such as data centres. 
The path of increasing efficiency and strengthening technological leadership in terms of quality and 
innovation continues.  
The mobile sector is continuing the modernisation of the 4G network and deployment of 5G, with the aim of 
national 5G coverage by 2025. 
TIM Brazil continues to grow and is beginning to integrate the mobile assets of Oi, awarded to TIM, Vivo 
and Claro last December. 
The undertaking to make TIM a “sustainable” group has been further strengthened through a series of 
additional actions to implement improvements concerning the environmental impact, circular economy, 
“digital inclusion” and ESG governance, thanks to new and more advanced reporting tools. 
TIM’s ability to implement and achieve its strategic objectives and priorities may be influenced by certain 
factors, including factors outside of its control. Such factors include:  
 
a deterioration of the economic environment (also taking into consideration the current COVID-19 
impact) in the principal markets in which TIM operates, including, in particular, its core Italian 
market;  
 
the impact of regulatory decisions and changes in the regulatory environment in Italy, Brazil and 
other countries in which TIM operates, including the ability of the Italian government to exercise its 
power with respect to entering into strategic transactions;  
 
TIM’s ability to successfully compete on both price and innovation capabilities with respect to new 
products and services;  
 
TIM’s ability to develop and introduce new technologies that are attractive in its principal markets, 
to manage innovation, to supply value added services and to increase the use of its fixed and mobile 
networks; 
 
TIM’s ability to successfully implement its internet and broadband/ultrabroadband (UBB) strategy; 
 
TIM’s ability to successfully achieve its financial targets (including debt reduction); 
 
TIM’s ability to successfully achieve benefits from inorganic initiatives; 
 
the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange and interest rates and the performance of the equity 
markets in general; 
 
the outcome of litigation, disputes and investigations in which TIM is involved or may become 
involved; 
 
TIM’s ability to build up its business in adjacent markets and in international markets (particularly in 
Brazil), due to its specialist and technical resources; 
 
TIM’s ability to achieve the expected return on the investments and capital expenditures it has made 
and continues to make in Italy, Brazil and other countries in which it operates;

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
the amount and timing of any future impairment charges for TIM’s authorisations, goodwill or other 
assets; 
 
TIM’s ability to manage any business or operating model transformation plans; 
 
any difficulties which TIM may encounter in its supply and procurement processes, including as a 
result of the insolvency or financial weaknesses of its suppliers; and 
 
the costs TIM incurs due to unexpected events, in particular where its insurance is not sufficient to 
cover such costs. 
As a result of these uncertainties there can be no assurance that the business and strategic objectives 
identified by TIM’s management can effectively be attained in the manner and within the time-frames 
described. Furthermore, if TIM is unable to attain its strategic priorities, its goodwill may be further 
impaired, which could result in further significant write-offs.  
System and network failures could result in reduced user traffic and reduced revenue and could harm 
TIM’s reputation. In addition, its operations and reputation could be materially negatively affected by 
cyber-security threats.  
TIM’s success largely depends on the continued and uninterrupted performance of its IT, network systems 
and of certain hardware and datacentres that it manages for its clients. Its technical infrastructure (including 
its network infrastructure for fixed-line and mobile telecommunications services) is vulnerable to damage or 
interruption from technology failures, power loss, floods, windstorms, fires, terrorism, intentional 
wrongdoing, human error and similar events. Unanticipated problems at TIM’s facilities, system failures, 
hardware and software failures, computer viruses and hacker attacks, as well as terrorist attacks against its 
infrastructure could affect the quality of its services and cause service interruptions. Any of these 
occurrences could result in reduced user traffic and reduced revenue and could negatively affect TIM’s 
levels of customer satisfaction, reduce its customer base and harm its reputation.  
In addition, TIM’s operations involve daily processing and storage of large amounts of customer data and 
require uninterrupted, accurate, permanently available, real-time and safe transmission and storage of 
customer and other data in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The proper functioning of, 
including prevention of unauthorised access to its networks, systems, computers, applications and data, such 
as customer accounting, network control, data hosting, cloud computing and other information technology 
systems is critical to TIM’s operations. TIM may be held liable for the loss, release, disclosure or 
inappropriate modification of the customer data stored on its equipment or carried by its networks. IT system 
failure, interruption of service availability, industrial espionage, cyber-attack or data leakage, in particular 
relating to customer data, could seriously limit TIM’s ability to service its clients, result in significant 
compensation costs for which indemnification or insurance coverage may be only partially available, result 
in a breach of laws and regulations under which it operates or leads to fines and could cause long-term 
damage to its business and reputation.  
Strong competition in Italy or other countries where TIM operates may further reduce its core market 
share for telecommunications services and may cause reductions in prices and margins thereby having a 
material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition.  
Telecommunications operators have generally faced challenging market conditions in recent years, 
principally as a result of the decline in voice traffic and significant pricing pressures resulting from increased 
competition among operators. 
Strong competition exists in all principal areas of the Italian telecommunications business in which TIM 
operates.  
Competition may become even more acute in the coming years, with additional international operators 
accessing the Italian market.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
The Italian telecommunications market is experiencing a phase of an increased competitive environment, 
mainly due to the entry of Iliad in the mobile market as the 4th network infrastructured operator. Iliad 
launched its mobile service in the Italian market at the end of May 2018 and has rapidly gained customers 
and consequently market share to the detriment of the other infrastructured operators, thanks to a simplified 
offer particularly aggressive in terms of price and volume of data. The other operators followed Iliad 
reducing prices and largely increasing GB allowance with an impact not only on the mobile sector with the 
explosion of overall MNP exchange and ARPU dilution, but also on the fixed, generating a price war to 
recover customer base lost on Mobile.  
Moreover, convergence has enabled lateral competition from Information Technology (or IT), over-the-top 
(OTT), Media and Devices/Consumer Electronic players. This competition may further increase due to 
globalisation and the consolidation of the telecommunications industry in Europe, including Italy, and 
elsewhere.  
The emergence of alternative infrastructure operators could also pose a threat to TIM, particularly in the 
medium to long term. In this context, Sky's intention to enter the telco fixed market in the first half of 2020 
must be taken into consideration. 
Competition in TIM’s principal lines of business has led, and could lead, to:  
 
price and margin erosion for its traditional products and services; 
 
loss of market share in its core markets;  
 
loss of existing or prospective customers; and 
 
greater difficulty in retaining existing customers. 
In addition, competition with respect to innovative products and services in TIM’s Italian domestic fixed-
line, mobile telephony and broadband/ultrabroadband businesses, has led, and could lead to:  
 
obsolescence of existing technologies and more rapid deployment of new technologies;  
 
an increase in costs and payback period related to investments in new technologies that are necessary 
to retain customers and market share; and 
 
difficulties in reducing debt and funding strategic and technological investments if TIM cannot 
generate sufficient profits and cash flows.  
Although TIM continues to take steps to realise additional efficiencies and to rebalance its revenue mix 
through the continuous introduction of innovative and value-added services, if any or all of the events 
described above occur, the impact of such factors could have a material adverse effect on the results of 
operations and financial condition of TIM Group.  
Alternative infrastructure operators in Italy could pose a threat to TIM, particularly in the medium to 
long term.  
In the fixed market, alternative network operators (AltNet), such as Open Fiber S.p.A. (Open Fiber) and 
Infratel Italia S.p.A. (Infratel), have disclosed and started to implement plans to develop alternative 
ultrabroadband telecommunications networks in Italy in the main Italian cities and in so-called “market 
failure” areas. Similar alternative developments, either on a standalone basis or through partnerships with 
other licensed operators (OLOs), could adversely impact TIM’s businesses, assets and goodwill and, as a 
consequence, its economic and financial performance. In particular, TIM faces risks with respect to 
increasing competition in the National Wholesale Market, which could result in losses with respect to its 
customer base and revenues and a potential loss of retail market share and revenues.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Continuing rapid changes in technologies could increase competition, reduce usage of traditional services 
and require TIM to make substantial additional investments.  
TIM, like other operators, faces increasing competition from non-traditional data services on new voice and 
messaging over-the-internet technologies, in particular OTT applications such as Skype, FaceTime, 
Messenger and WhatsApp. These applications are often free of charge, other than charges for data usage and 
are accessible via smartphones, tablets and computers. These applications provide users with potentially 
unlimited access to messaging and voice services over the internet, bypassing more expensive traditional 
voice and messaging services, such as SMS, which have historically been a source of significant revenues for 
fixed and mobile network operators like TIM. In Italy and Brazil, an increasing number of customers are 
using OTT applications services instead of traditional voice and SMS communications.  
Historically, TIM has generated a substantial portion of its revenues from voice and SMS services, 
particularly in its mobile business in Italy, and the substitution of data services for these traditional voice and 
SMS volumes has had and could continue to have a negative impact on TIM’s revenues and profitability.  
If non-traditional voice and messaging data services continue to increase in popularity, as they are expected 
to, and TIM is unable to address such competition, its ARPU could decline and TIM would face lower 
margins across many of its products and services, resulting in a material adverse effect on the business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects of TIM Group.  
TIM may be adversely affected if it fails to successfully implement its Internet and broadband/4.5G/5G 
NGMN strategy.  
The continuing development of Internet and broadband services constitutes a strategic objective for TIM that 
aims to increase the use of its networks in Italy and abroad to offset the continuing decline of traditional 
voice services. Its ability to successfully implement this strategy may be negatively affected if:  
 
broadband mobile coverage does not grow as TIM expects;  
 
competition grows to include players from adjacent markets or technological developments 
introducing new platforms for Internet access and/or Internet distribution; 
 
it is unable to provide superior broadband connections and broadband/mobile services relative to its 
competitors; 
 
it experiences network interruptions or related capacity problems with network infrastructure; and 
 
it is unable to obtain adequate returns from the investments related to its network development.  
However, implementation of 4.5G/5G ultrabroadband mobile technologies is dependent on a number of 
factors including availability and selection of cutting-edge technology from TIM’s network/platforms and 
device vendors. 
If TIM fails to achieve its objectives for the implementation of ultrabroadband mobile coverage in a timely 
manner, or at all, it may lose market share to its competitors in this strategically important segment. 
Any of the above factors may adversely affect the successful implementation of the strategy, business and 
results of operations of TIM Group. 
TIM’s business may be adversely affected if it fails to successfully implement its Information and 
Communications Technology (ICT) strategy.  
TIM intends to continue focusing on Information Technology-Telecommunication convergence by 
addressing the ICT market, offering network and infrastructure management, as well as application

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
management. In particular, as the market for cloud services continues to grow, the ICT market is expected to 
become a key element of its strategy.  
TIM expects increasing competition in this market as additional competitors (mainly from 
telecommunications operators, through the acquisition of partnerships with IT operators) also enter this 
market. If TIM fails to grow its market share or compete effectively, its revenues could be negatively 
affected.  
TIM’s business may be adversely affected if it fails to successfully implement its “ultrabroadband fixed 
access network” strategy. 
One of its goals is to accelerate the roll-out of a new telecommunications network capable of providing 
customers with ultrabroadband connections.  
However, implementation of ultrabroadband technologies is dependent on a number of factors including:  
 
delays in receiving the necessary permissions and authorisations for installation of lines;  
 
resistance by road administrators to the use of innovative techniques for excavation and the laying 
fiber optic cables; 
 
delay in the operation of SINFI (Sistema Informativo Nazionale Federato delle Infrastrutture).  
In areas not planned for under TIM’s UBB development or where implementation of the ultrabroadband plan 
is conditioned upon the grant of public funds, in addition to those listed above, the following factors should 
be considered:  
 
allocation of public funds at the local level; and 
 
the awarding of tenders for the grant of public funds, which unduly penalise TIM by setting 
wholesale prices considerably lower than the regulated prices applicable to TIM’s similar services 
which are set in its Reference Offer as approved by AGCom.  
If TIM fails to achieve its objectives for the implementation of ultrabroadband coverage in a timely manner, 
or at all, TIM may lose market share to its competitors in this strategically important segment, which may 
adversely impact TIM Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
TIM’s business depends on the upgrading of its existing networks.  
TIM must continue to maintain, improve and upgrade its existing networks in a timely and satisfactory 
manner in order to retain and expand its customer base in each of its markets. A reliable and high quality 
network is necessary to manage turnover by sustaining its customer base, to maintain strong customer brands 
and reputation and to satisfy regulatory requirements, including minimum service requirements. The 
maintenance and improvement of its existing networks depends on its ability to:  
 
upgrade the functionality of its networks to offer increasingly customised services to its customers; 
 
increase coverage in some of its markets; 
 
expand and optimise customer service, network management and administrative systems; 
 
expand the capacity of its existing fixed and mobile networks to cope with increased bandwidth 
usage; and 
 
upgrade older systems and networks to adapt them to new technologies and to enhance architecture.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
In addition, due to rapid changes in the telecommunications industry, TIM’s network investments may prove 
to be inadequate or may be superseded by new technological changes. Its network investments may also be 
limited by market uptake and customer acceptance. If TIM fails to make adequate capital expenditures or 
investments, or to properly and efficiently allocate such expenditures or investments, the performance of its 
networks, both in real terms and relative to its competitors, could suffer, resulting in lower customer 
satisfaction, diminution of brand strength and increased turnover.  
Many of these tasks are not entirely under TIM’s control and may be affected by applicable regulation. If 
TIM fails to maintain, improve or upgrade its networks, its services and products may be less attractive to 
new customers and it may loses existing customers to competitors, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of TIM Group. 
Vivendi is TIM’s largest shareholder and exercises significant influence over TIM.  
As of the date hereof, the largest single shareholder in TIM is Vivendi S.A. (Vivendi), which holds directly, 
a stake of approximately 23.75% of ordinary share capital. With a holding of this size, Vivendi can exercise 
significant influence over matters subject to a vote of the ordinary shareholders of TIM, such as nominations 
to the Board of Directors (the Board), matters involving mergers or other business combinations, the 
acquisition or disposition of assets, issuances of equity and the incurrence of indebtedness. In addition, 
Vivendi's significant holding may also have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for 
its shares. 
Risks related to the main sustainability issues 
For many years, the TIM Group has actively involved and systematically consults its stakeholders with the 
aim of improving the company’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance. The results of 
the engagement activity, as they emerge from the materiality matrix, are reflected in the sustainability plan at 
the heart of the Strategic Plan. 
The action plan in support of the ESG strategy is aimed at achieving a concrete and significant impact in the 
development of the business that has made environmental protection and social inclusion objectives its own. 
a) Reduction of energy consumption and fight against climate change 
The Group has set itself the goal of becoming carbon-neutral by 2030, reducing indirect emissions by 70% 
and increasing its domestic eco-efficiency by 50% by 2025. On this front, a failure to contain energy 
consumption, in addition to a negative impact on the climate, could lead to a reduction in savings. 
The measures adopted by TIM include: 
■ initiatives and projects aimed at minimising the environmental impact of company activities, customers 
who use products from the ICT sector and the supply chain; 
■ energy efficiency measures on over 300 sites within the perimeter of power plants and data centres; 
■ an increase in the use of energy from renewable sources in business processes. 
The continuing increase in global average temperatures is significantly impacting natural/catastrophic events. 
The negative consequences related to climate change (e.g. floods, floods, windstorms) can also impact on 
company assets (material damage) and on business continuity (business interruption). In this regard, TIM has 
implemented specific assessment, mitigation and monitoring of the risks deriving from these events, as well 
as adequate insurance coverage. 
b) Social inclusion

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
The digital divide represents a major obstacle to the spread of digitisation and the related connectivity 
services with the risk of repercussions in the commercial sphere. The “Digital Risorgimento Operation”, 
started in 2019, is the first major free school for the dissemination of digital skills in Italy and is the main 
inclusion project, aiming to bridge the digital divide affecting the less urbanised areas of the country. 
c) Employee engagement  
The ability to attract and retain qualified, specialised and motivated personnel is a key success factor for the 
pursuit of strategic objectives and the achievement of an adequate level of quality customer experiences. 
TIM has launched a recruitment programme, looking for professional profiles that are compatible with the 
corporate reindustrialisation/reorganisation plan, and has created a skills adjustment programme to support 
the requalification, reskilling and upskilling processes for all staff, and internalising important core, 
advanced and traditional technical-specialist activities. 
Following the 2019 engagement survey, the plan for TIM personnel was prepared with the aim of increasing 
engagement over the course of three years. 
2. 
FINANCIAL RISKS. 
TIM’s leverage is such that deterioration in cash flow can change the expectations of its ability to repay 
its debt and the inability to reduce its debt could have a material adverse effect on its business. Continuing 
volatility in international credit markets may limit TIM’s ability to refinance its financial debt. 
As of 31 March 2021, TIM’s consolidated Gross Financial Debt was 31,160 million euro, compared to 
32,162 million euro on 31 December 2020. Its Consolidated Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount was 
21,672 million euro as of 31 March 2021, compared to 23,714 million euro as of 31 December 2020. TIM’s 
high leverage continues to be a factor in its strategic decisions as it has been for a number of years and the 
reduction of its leverage remains a key strategic objective. As a result, however, TIM is reliant on cost-
cutting and free cash flow to finance critical technology improvements and upgrades to its network, although 
it is taking steps to raise additional capital to support critical investment.  
Due to the competitive environment and the continuing weak economic conditions, there could be 
deterioration in TIM’s income statement and financial measures used by rating agencies, such as Moody’s, 
S&P and Fitch, to assess its ability to repay its debt and determine its credit quality. Although rating 
downgrades do not generally have an immediate impact on outstanding debt, other than outstanding debt 
instruments for which the interest expense is specifically impacted by such ratings, downgrades could 
adversely impact its ability to refinance existing debt and could increase costs related to refinancing existing 
debt and managing its derivatives portfolio.  
Factors that are beyond TIM’s control such as deterioration in the telecommunications sector, unfavourable 
fluctuations in interest rates and/or exchange rates, further disruptions in the capital markets, particularly 
debt capital markets and continuing weakness in general economic conditions at the national level could 
have a significant effect on its ability to reduce its debt and refinance existing debt through further access to 
the financial markets. Because debt reduction is one of TIM’s strategic objectives, failure to reduce debt 
could be viewed negatively and could adversely affect its credit ratings.  
The management and development of TIM’s business will require it to make significant further capital and 
other investments. If it is unable to finance its capital investments as described above, TIM may need to 
incur additional debt in order to finance such investment. Its future results of operations may be influenced 
by its ability to enter into such transactions, which, in turn, will be determined by market conditions and 
factors that are outside its control. In addition, if such transactions increase its leverage, it could adversely 
affect its credit ratings.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Fluctuations in currency exchange and interest rates and the performance of the equity markets in 
general may adversely affect TIM’s results.  
In the past, TIM has made substantial international investments, significantly expanding its operations 
outside of the Euro zone, particularly in Latin America.  
TIM’s non-current operating assets are located as follows:  
 
Italy: as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively, 44,477 million euro (89.3% of 
total non-current operating assets) and 45,066 million euro (85.3% of total non-current operating 
assets); and 
 
Outside of Italy: as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively, 5,357 million euro 
(10.7% of total non-current operating assets) and 7,774 million euro (14.7% of total non-current 
operating assets). Non-current operating assets outside of Italy are primarily denominated in 
Brazilian Reais. 
TIM generally hedges its foreign exchange exposure but does not cover conversion risk relating to its foreign 
subsidiaries. According to its policies, the hedging of the foreign exchange exposure related to the financial 
liabilities is mandatory. Movements in the euro exchange rates relative to other currencies (particularly the 
Brazilian Real) may adversely affect its consolidated results. A rise in the value of the euro relative to other 
currencies in certain countries in which TIM operates or have made investments will reduce the relative 
value of the revenues or assets of its operations from those countries and, therefore, may adversely affect its 
operating results or financial position.  
In addition, TIM has raised, and may raise an increasing proportion, financing in currencies other than the 
euro, principally U.S. dollars and British pound sterling. In accordance with its risk management policies, 
TIM generally hedges the foreign currency risk exposure related to non-euro denominated liabilities, through 
cross-currency and interest rate swaps.  
Furthermore, TIM is exposed to interest rates risk on that portion of its consolidated gross debt which is 
subject to the accrual of interest at floating rates; this portion represents 28% of the total consolidated debt as 
of 31 March 2021.  
The decision to keep such a fixed-floating rate debt structure goes towards the goal to minimise negative 
interests' impact and is partially implemented through derivatives instruments whereby fixed rate liabilities 
are synthetically converted in floating rate ones. As of 31 March 2021 and 31 December 2020, TIM had 
derivative contracts in place for the sole management of TIM’s interest rate risk arising from euro-
denominated debt, including interest rate swaps, for notional amounts of 4,334 million euro. Any changes in 
interest rates that have not been adequately hedged by derivative contracts may result in increased financial 
liabilities in connection with TIM’s floating rate debt, which may have adverse effects on the results of its 
operations and cash flows.  
An increase of sovereign spreads, and of the default risk they reflect, in the countries where TIM operates, 
may affect the value of its assets in such countries.  
TIM may also be exposed to financial risks such as those related to the performance of the equity markets in 
general, and, more specifically, risks related to the performance of the share price of TIM Group companies.  
The TIM Group may be exposed to financial risks such as those deriving from fluctuations of interest and 
exchange rates, credit risk, liquidity risk and general trend risks of the relevant stock markets and - more 
specifically - risks linked to the stock price developments of shares of TIM Group’s subsidiaries. Such risks 
can have a negative impact on the financial results and structure of the TIM Group.  
Therefore, in order to manage such risks, the TIM Group has established the following guidelines to be 
followed in: (i) operational management; (ii) identification of the financial instruments most suitable to meet

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
the objectives set; and (iii) monitoring the results achieved. In particular, and in order to mitigate the 
liquidity risk, the TIM Group aims to maintain an “adequate level of financial flexibility”, in terms of cash 
and committed syndicated credit lines, covering the refinancing needs for the next 12-18 months at least. 
The United Kingdom and the European Union reached an agreement on Brexit at the end of December 2020. 
Possible future equilibrium scenarios linked to the outcome of the mentioned agreement have still to be 
evaluated and could cause further instability in global financial markets, where the international framework 
is already in a delicate stage due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The potential effects of Brexit on financial risks (interest rate, exchange rate and counterparty) are not 
considered significant for the TIM Group itself. In addition, the TIM Group’s financial risk management 
policies encompass the full coverage of the exchange rate risk and minimisation. 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO MACRO-ECONOMIC CONDITIONS. 
COVID-19  
The persistence of the state of health emergency due to COVID-19 and the further restrictive measures 
issued by national and foreign authorities, in addition to the worsening of the global macroeconomic 
situation and the deterioration of the credit profile of some customer segments, could cause slowdowns in 
business activity, deriving from limitations of certain types of technical and commercial interventions, and 
from difficulties encountered by customers and discontinuity in the supply chain. The global situation 
continues to be dominated by the difficulties and uncertainties deriving from the evolution of the pandemic 
and the timing of the vaccination campaigns. 
The emergency response includes the implementation of measures relating to the operational continuity of 
business processes that also consider the public service provided, in order to guarantee the functionality of 
the services provided by the Issuers and to protect the health of their employees.  
Due to the effect of COVID-19, strong uncertainty persists with respect to the global economic outlook, 
which could have a negative impact on TIM Group’s operating results and financial condition.  
The TIM Group’s economic and financial situation depends on the influence of numerous macroeconomic 
factors such as economic growth, consumer confidence, interest rates and exchange rates in the markets 
where it operates.  
The first quarter 2021 recorded a slight increase in GDP of 0.1% compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 (-
0.8% compared to the first quarter of 2020). The positive contribution to growth comes mainly from fixed 
investments (+ 3.7% compared to the previous quarter). The recovery in consumption by families and the 
public administration is slow (-1% compared to the previous quarter). In particular, purchases of durable 
goods (-0.9%), services (-4.2%) and semi-durable goods (-3.6%) decreased, while purchases of non-durable 
goods increased (+1, 9%). Exports in volume grow by 0.5% compared to the previous quarter and by 1.2% 
compared to the first quarter of 2020.  
In general, in 2020 the Italian economy was affected by the Covid-19 emergency more than the other 
countries in Euro Area (estimated GDP Italy -8.9% vs 2019; GDP euro area -6.2% vs 2019). The worldwide 
situation is characterised by a decisive recovery in world trade and a progressive improvement in production, 
although with heterogeneous timing and rhythms between countries. For Italy, a sustained GDP growth is 
expected both in 2021 (+ 4.7%) and in 2022 (+ 4.4%). These scenarios incorporate the effects of the 
progressive introduction of the interventions defined by the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (PNRR). 
The actual ability to implement the planned measures, the evolution of the health emergency and the 
completion of the vaccination campaign are the main elements for economic and social recovery. The risks 
associated with the scenarios are related to the actual ability to implement the planned measures as well as 
the evolution of the health emergency and the vaccination campaign.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
The propensity to consume, especially in the service sector, has recorded a significant reduction both as a 
result of the measures to contain infections and due to greater consumer prudence, even in coexistence with 
the virus. The Italian government’s measures to contain infections and to support the income of families had 
positive repercussions on the demand side but also triggered a significant increase in public debt at 157% of 
GDP in 2020 with an increase of 21% compared to 2019. The forecasts estimate a slight reduction in 
debt/GDP by around 6% by 2023.  
Also in 2021, public finances will be conditioned by important budget allocations (around 100 billion euro) 
intended to counteract the recessionary effects of the crisis. Several measures have already been launched, 
including the “Decreto Sostegni” for an amount equal to 32 billion euro dedicated mainly to businesses. 
The rise in unemployment rates has also been stopped by public support measures, however the labor market 
will need time to recover. It is expected a considerable variation of inflaction on this year as assumptions 
about energy prices and changes in VAT rates lead to significant fluctuations in the price level compared to 
the same period last year. For the European Union, current forecasts indicate inflation of 1.9% in 2021 and 
1.5% in 2022. For the euro area, the corresponding values are 1.7% in 2021 and 1.3% in 2022. 
The resumption of economic growth will depend of the increase in vaccinations and the easing of 
restrictions. Growth from the second quarter will be driven by private consumption, investment and the 
growing demand for EU exports from a strengthening world economy. 
In Brazil, following three years of modest growth, the 4.1% decline in GDP in 2020 was significantly 
influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic and the restrictions imposed to control its spread (including 
government lock-down and social distancing measures during the year), which resulted in general declines in 
business levels and trade, when compared to a growth of 1.1% in 2019.  
After a devastating first half of 2020, when the pandemic led to the closure of commercial activities, severe 
restrictions on circulation and a considerable outflow of capital – which had already begun in 2019 –  the 
situation in the second half of the year changed and the third quarter recorded strong GDP growth. Activities 
in 2020 did not recover to the levels of the end of 2019, but the extent of the impact was less than initially 
expected. 
Recently, after the adoption of stringent measures to restrict circulation and increase social distancing in 
order to reduce the transmission of COVID-19, along with the gradual easing of the restrictive measures, the 
return of economic activities and the federal government financial support contributed to the slight recovery 
seen in the second half of 2020, however it is not yet possible to predict whether the Brazilian economy and 
TIM Brasil results will return to pre-crisis levels. 
TIM is subject to risks associated with political developments in countries where it operates. 
Changes in political conditions in Italy and in other countries where TIM has made significant investments 
(particularly in countries where the political situation is less predictable than in Western Europe) may have 
an adverse effect upon its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
4. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE LEGISLATIVE AND LEGAL FRAMEWORK. 
Because TIM operates in a heavily regulated industry, regulatory decisions and changes in the regulatory 
environment could adversely affect its business.  
TIM’s fixed and mobile telecommunications operations, in Italy and abroad, are subject to regulatory 
requirements. As a member of the EU, Italy has adapted its regulatory legislation and rules for electronic 
communications services to the framework established by the EU Parliament and Council.  
Pursuant to the EU regulatory framework, the Italian regulator, Autorità per le Garanzie nelle 
Comunicazioni (AGCom), is required to identify operators with “Significant Market Power” (SMP) in the 
relevant markets subject to regulation. On the basis of market analyses proceedings (Market Analyses),

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
AGCom imposes requirements necessary to address identified competition problems. Current requirements 
are mainly focused on the regulation of TIM’s wholesale business, while the regulation of retail markets has 
been largely withdrawn, with the exception of price tests on retail access offers (for telephone, broadband 
and ultrabroadband services).  
Within this regulatory framework, the main risks TIM faces include the lack of predictability concerning 
both the timing of the regulatory proceedings and their final outcome and possible AGCom decisions that 
apply retroactively and their potential impact on expected TIM Group results and on the guidance presented 
to the market (e.g., review of prices from prior years following the decisions of Administrative Courts, 
repricing decisions, proceedings that impact technological decisions and return on investment). 
In principle, a new “round” of Market Analyses should be conducted by AGCom every three years, in order 
to deal with the evolution of market conditions and technology developments and set the rules for the 
subsequent three-year period. However, the regulatory review process does not always follow the expected 
schedule.  
Regulation is a key factor in evaluating the likelihood of return on investments and therefore in deciding 
where to invest. Regulatory uncertainty and regulatory changes imposed on TIM can impact its revenues and 
can make it more difficult to make important investment decisions.  
Moreover, a high level of disputes arising from operators challenging AGCom decisions before 
Administrative Courts results in an even greater degree of uncertainty with respect to rules and economic 
requirements.  
The Italian Antitrust Authority, Autorità Garante per la Concorrenza ed il Mercato (AGCM) and AGCom, 
may also intervene in TIM’s business, setting fines and/or imposing changes in its service provision 
operating processes and in its offers. In addition, AGCom or AGCM decisions may impose constraints on 
the pricing of fixed and mobile offers based on consumer protection legislation. 
TIM Brasil Business Unit is also subject to extensive regulation. Its international operations, therefore, face 
similar regulatory issues as TIM faces in Italy, including the possibility for regulators to impose obligations 
and conditions on how TIM operates its businesses in Brazil as well as taking decisions that can have an 
adverse effect on its results. 
As a result, the decisions of regulators or the implementation of new regulations in Brazil and the costs of its 
compliance with any such decisions or new regulations, may limit its flexibility in responding to market 
conditions, competition and changes in its cost base which could individually or in the aggregate, have a 
material adverse effect on its business and results of operations. 
Due to the continuous evolution of the regulatory regime affecting various parts of its business in Italy and in 
its international operations, TIM is unable to clearly predict the impact of any proposed or potential changes 
in the regulatory environment in which it operates in Italy, Brazil and its other international markets. 
Regulations in the telecommunications industry are constantly changing to adapt to new competition and 
technology. Changes in laws, regulation or government policy could adversely affect TIM’s business and 
competitiveness. In particular, TIM’s ability to compete effectively in its existing or new markets could be 
adversely affected if regulators decide to expand the restrictions and obligations to which it is subject or 
extend them to new services and markets. Finally, decisions by regulators regarding the granting, 
amendment or renewal of its authorisations, or those of third parties, could adversely affect its future 
operations in Italy and in other countries where TIM operates.  
The Italian government has exercised, and may in the future exercise, its significant powers with respect 
to TIM, including with respect to TIM’s ability to enter into strategic transactions.  
In 2012, regulations relating to the special powers regarding strategic assets in the energy, transport and 
communications sectors were published and became effective (Law Decree no. 21 of 15 March 2012, 
adopted with modifications by Law no. 56 of 11 May 2012: the Golden Power Decree).

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Article 1 of the Golden Power Decree (which refers to strategic assets for the defence and national security 
sector) grants the Italian government: 
 
the power to impose conditions and possibly to oppose the purchase of shareholdings by parties 
other than the Italian state, Italian public entities and other parties controlled by the same, so long as 
the stake is sufficient to compromise the interests of national defence and security. Until expiry of 
the period of time within which conditions may be imposed, or the power to oppose the acquisition 
exercised, any rights other than ownership rights connected to the relevant shares are suspended. 
Such rights are suspended in case of non-compliance with or breach of any condition imposed on the 
purchaser, for as long as the non-compliance or breach persists. Any shareholders' resolution 
adopted with the relevant shares providing the decisive votes, as well as any resolution or act 
adopted that breaches or does not comply with any condition imposed, is null and void; and 
 
veto power (including through the imposition of obligations or conditions) regarding any resolution 
(by either shareholders' meeting or the administrative bodies of the company) on any merger, 
demerger, transfer of business unit, relocation of registered office to outside Italy, change of 
corporate purpose or winding up of the company. Any resolution or act adopted in breach of these 
obligations is null and void. The government may also order TIM and any other party to restore the 
original condition. 
Article 2 of the Golden Power Decree (which refers to strategic assets in the communications sector) grants 
the Italian government: 
 
the power to impose conditions and possibly oppose the purchase, under certain conditions, by non-
EU entities, of controlling stakes in companies that hold the aforementioned types of assets. Until 
the end of a 15-day period from the notice of such purchase, during which the government may 
impose conditions or oppose the proposed purchase, voting rights (and any rights other than the 
property rights) connected to shares resulting in the change of control, are suspended. Such rights are 
suspended in the case of any non-compliance with or breach of the conditions imposed on the 
purchaser for as long as the non-compliance or breach persists. Any shareholders' resolution adopted 
with the relevant shares providing the decisive votes, as well as any resolution or act adopted that 
breaches or does not comply with any condition imposed, is null and void; 
 
veto power (including through the imposition of obligations or conditions) regarding any resolution, 
act or transaction that has the effect of modifying the ownership, control or availability of such 
strategic assets or changing their location, including resolutions on any merger, demerger, transfer of 
registered office to outside Italy, transfer of the company or a business unit which contains the 
strategic assets, or their assignment by way of guarantee. Any resolution or act in breach of such 
obligations is null and void. The government may also order the company and any other party to 
restore the original condition at its own expense. 
In October and November 2017, the government designated certain of TIM's assets as strategic within the 
meaning of the above-described provisions of the Golden Power Decree and imposed various governance 
and organisational obligations and restrictions on TIM. 
With subsequent implementing decrees of 5 September 2019, 6 July and 7 August 2020, the council of 
ministers exercised powers with special regard to the non-European production supply of 5G technology, 
stating that these communications services are activities of strategic importance for the system of defence 
and national security. 
Law No. 133 of 18 November 2019 established the Cybernetic National Security Perimeter (PSNC) in which 
public and private institutions and operators that perform essential functions for the state or provide essential 
services in the civil, social and economic spheres have been included, considering that the malfunctioning of 
these essential functions or services could create a prejudice against national security.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
This and any future exercise of the government's powers under the Golden Power Decree, or the mere 
existence of such powers, could: 
 
adversely affect TIM's ability to conduct its business (including, for example, by limiting TIM's 
ability to dispose of assets designated as strategic); and 
 
make a change of control transaction with respect to TIM (whether by merger or otherwise) more 
difficult to achieve, if at all, or discourage bidders from making an offer relating to a change of 
control that could otherwise be beneficial to shareholders. 
TIM operates under authorisations granted by government authorities. 
Many of TIM’s activities require authorisations from governmental authorities both in Italy and abroad. 
These authorisations specify the types of services the operating company holding such authorisation may 
provide. The continued existence and terms of TIM’s authorisations are subject to review by regulatory 
authorities and to interpretation, modification or termination by these authorities. In addition, its current 
authorisations to provide networks and services require that TIM satisfies certain obligations, including 
minimum specified quality levels, service and coverage conditions. Failure to comply with these obligations 
could result in the imposition of fines or even in the revocation or forfeiture of the authorisation. In addition, 
the need to meet scheduled deadlines may require it to expend more resources than otherwise budgeted for a 
particular network build-out.  
Additional authorisations may also be required if TIM expands its services into new product areas, and such 
authorisations may be related to auctions (e.g. in the assignment of spectrum right of use) or otherwise prove 
expensive or require significant cash outlays, or have certain terms and conditions, such as requirements 
related to coverage and pricing, with which TIM may not have previously had to comply. In Brazil TIM also 
operates under an authorisation’s regime and, as a result, it is obliged to maintain minimum quality and 
service standards. In December 2019, the Regulatory Agency for Telecommunications – Agência Nacional 
de Telecomunicações (ANATEL) approved the new Telecommunications Services Quality Regulation 
(RQUAL), based on responsive regulation. By this new model, quality is measured based on three indicators 
- Quality of Service Index, Perceived Quality Index and User Complaint Index and classifies operators into 
five clusters (A to E). On the basis of responsive regulation, ANATEL will be able to adopt measures 
according to the specific case, such as consumer compensation, adoption of an action plan or adoption of 
precautionary measures in order to ensure the improvement of quality standards.  
The new regulation is expected to enter into force by 2021 and, until the working group formed by 
ANATEL, operators and the quality assurance support entity (ESAQ) define the goals, criteria and reference 
values of indicator, ANATEL will still follow the old indicators that maintain similarity with the new ones 
established in the new RQUAL. The criteria and reference value shall be determined in the 12 months from 
the launch of the working group.  
TIM’s activities could be materially negatively affected by failure to comply General Data Protection 
Regulation UE 2016/679 (GDPR), and Italian Privacy Code.  
TIM has executed a deep gap analysis, identified the main issues, and consequently planned and deployed 
a master plan to reach full compliance with the GDPR requirements as well as with Legislative Decree 
196/2003 (the “Italian Privacy Code”), as amended by Legislative Decree no. 101/2018, facilitated by the 
strength of a present data protection operative model adopted by TIM. However, deficiencies in full 
adoption of data security measures, implementing requirements on data retention and notifying data 
breaches within the narrow mandatory timeframe could lead to disputes with data protection authorities, 
fines, legal disputes with the interested data subjects or harm to its reputation.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Actual or perceived health risks or other problems relating to mobile handsets or transmission masts 
could lead to litigation or decreased mobile communications usage.  
The effects of, and any damage caused by, exposure to an electromagnetic field were and are the subject of 
careful evaluations by the international scientific community, but until now there is no scientific evidence of 
harmful effects on health. TIM cannot rule out that exposure to electromagnetic fields or other emissions 
originating from wireless handsets will not be identified as a health risk in the future.  
TIM’s mobile communications business may be harmed as a result of these alleged health risks. For 
example, the perception of these health risks could result in a lower number of customers, reduced usage per 
customer or potential consumer liability. In addition, although Italian law already imposes strict limits in 
relation to transmission equipment, these concerns may cause regulators to impose greater restrictions on the 
construction of radio base station towers or other infrastructure, which may hinder the completion of network 
build-outs and the commercial availability of new services and may require additional investments. 
TIM faces the risk that its organisational policies and procedures embodied in the organisational model 
prepared pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 may fail to prevent certain officers and employees from 
engaging in unlawful conduct, for which it would be jointly liable.  
TIM has put in place an organisational model pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001, in order to create a 
system of rules capable of preventing certain forms of unlawful conduct by senior management, executives 
and employees generally that might result in liabilities for it. The organisational model is adopted by TIM 
and by its Italian subsidiaries. A specific version of the organisational model has been adopted by TIM S.A. 
pursuant to the anti-corruption Brazilian law (Lei 12.846/13).  
The organisational model is continuously reviewed and must be kept up to date to reflect changes in 
operations and in the regulatory environment. TIM has established a 231 steering committee to prepare and 
consider proposals for changes to the model, for submission to the Board for approval.  
Notwithstanding the existence of this model or any updates that TIM may make to it, there can be no 
assurances that the model will function as designed, or that it will be considered adequate by any relevant 
legal authority. If the model is inadequate or deemed to be so, and TIM was held liable for acts committed by 
its senior management, executives and employees or are found otherwise non-compliant with the 
requirements of the legislation, TIM may be ordered to pay a fine, its authorisations, licenses or concessions 
may be suspended or revoked, and TIM may be prohibited from conducting business, contracting with the 
Italian public administration, or advertising goods and services. Such developments would have adverse 
effects on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
5. 
RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
TIM is continuously involved in disputes and litigation with regulators, competition authorities, 
competitors and other parties and is the subject of a number of investigations by judicial authorities. The 
ultimate outcome of such proceedings is generally uncertain. If any of these matters are resolved against 
it, they could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, 
financial condition and cash flows in any particular period.  
TIM is subject to numerous risks relating to legal, tax, competition and regulatory proceedings in which it is 
currently a party or which could develop in the future. It is also the subject of a number of investigations by 
judicial authorities. Such proceedings and investigations are inherently unpredictable. Legal, tax, 
competition and regulatory proceedings and investigations in which TIM is, or may become, involved (or 
settlements thereof) may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on TIM’s results of 
operations and/or financial condition and cash flows in any particular period. Furthermore, its involvement in 
such proceedings and investigations may adversely affect its reputation.  
If TIM, or another TIM Group company, faces an adverse decision in any of the legal proceedings to which 
it is a party, and is ordered to pay amounts greater than what it has recognised to cover potential liabilities, it

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
may face adverse effects with respect to it and/or its TIM Group’s operations, financial position, income 
statement and cash flows.  
The final outcomes of those proceedings are generally uncertain. As of 31 March 2021, TIM had, on a 
consolidated basis, recognised potential liabilities of 579 million euro. In recognising these liabilities, it took 
into consideration the risks connected with each dispute and the relevant accounting standards, which require 
reserves to be recognised where liabilities are probable and can be estimated reliably. The provisions 
represent an estimate of the financial risk connected with the particular proceedings, in line with the relevant 
accounting standards. Nonetheless, TIM may be obligated to meet liabilities linked to unsuccessful outcomes 
for proceedings that were not taken into consideration when calculating those reserves and the provisions 
made may not be sufficient to fully meet such obligations through use of its reserves. Such a development 
could have adverse effects on its business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  
Risks associated with the use of internet by TIM’s customers could cause it to suffer losses and adversely 
affect its reputation.  
Pursuant to applicable Italian regulation, TIM, as a host and provider of data transmission services, is 
required to inform competent authorities without delay of any alleged illegal or illicit activity by its 
customers of which it is aware. TIM must also provide the authorities with any information it has identifying 
such customers. Any failure to comply with this obligation could cause it to become involved in civil 
proceedings or could harm public perception of its brand and services. Any such event could result in legal 
and/or regulatory proceedings, make it subject to direct or indirect monetary losses and could materially 
harm its reputation.  
TIM is exposed to the risk of labour disputes, in particular as a result of its plan to restructure its labour 
costs.  
The acceleration in technological transformation in the telecommunications sector, in which TIM operates, 
has created the need to address, at company level, integrated organisational review activities, digitisation of 
processes and adaptation of the skills and capabilities of all staff. 
In support of the corporate transformation process and the necessary updating of the technical-professional 
skills of TIM’s people, as well as the need to acquire professional profiles compatible with the reorganisation 
plan, on 17 May 2021 the Expansion Agreement, introduced to support the technological development 
processes of companies with more than 1,000 employees, (the Agreement) was signed by the government. 
The Agreement defines the measures to support the objectives of the 2021 – 2023 Strategic Plan, such as (a) 
a recruitment programme (650 units with professional profiles compatible with the reorganisation plan) and 
(b) a training and retraining project centred on both reskilling and paths aimed at acquiring new skills. 
The Agreement (signed in May 2021 by the government) is an innovative tool that combines the need of 
efficiency with those of development, allowing companies to adapt the skills of their staff and acquire new 
ones from the external market.  
The Agreement provides for the entry into TIM, during 16 months from the start from May 2021, of 650 new 
permanent employees with ICT-related profiles and different levels of professional seniority. 
Another important theme contained in the Agreement is related to professional retraining and consequent 
training for TIM people in line with the company’s objectives, enhancing existing skills, replacing obsolete 
ones and developing new ones.  
Relations between TIM and its workers/trade unions are not generally adversarial and strikes or protests 
involving a majority of workers are not common, however, such occurrences carry a moderate risk of 
disruptions in work and/or reduced service. Generally, such occurrences would be expected to negatively 
impact its customers, its business and its reputation.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
6. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET 
RISKS 
ASSOCIATED 
WITH 
THE 
NOTES 
ISSUED 
UNDER 
THE 
PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes. 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common features: 
Risks applicable to all Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer 
may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other 
investments available at that time.  
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to which Condition 5.4 (Change of Interest Basis) applies are Notes which bear 
interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such 
a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary 
market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest 
return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including LIBOR and EURIBOR) are the 
subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a 
“benchmark”, such as Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and 
the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if 
non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for 
market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, 
published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the 
dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue 
publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the 
FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies 
and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA 
announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and 
Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and 
immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR 
settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA 
will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their 
publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of 
US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer 
be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 
December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 
2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR 
settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) triggering changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
“benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
“benchmark”. 
Investors should be aware that, if an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) were 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference such 
Original Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to 
such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the relevant Original Reference Rate is to be determined 
under the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, this may in certain circumstances result in (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies, the application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the Original 
Reference Rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on 
inter-bank lending, or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, the effective application of a fixed rate based 
on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant Original Reference Rate was available. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating 
Rate Notes which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate.  
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) otherwise occurs, 
including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders and Coupondholders, and that such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. The IBA announcement and FCA announcement 
referred to above each constitutes such a Benchmark Event. This will have triggered certain of the fallback 
arrangements although, the consequences of such fallbacks being triggered are not immediately effective 
under the Terms and Conditions. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
In respect of any Notes issued as "Green Bonds","Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
 
The Final Terms relating to any specific issue of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, 
existing and/or new projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes, 
social or sustainable purposes (Eligible Projects, as better defined in the TIM Group Sustainability 
Financing Framework), in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market 
Association (ICMA), (respectively, the Green Bond Principles (GBP), the Social Bond Principles (SBP) and 
the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG)).

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the section headed "Use of Proceeds" 
regarding the TIM Group Sustainability Financing Framework and the use of the net proceeds of those Notes 
and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in 
such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a "green", "social", "sustainable" or an 
equivalently labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as "green", "social", "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a 
clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not 
significantly change. Accordingly, there is a risk that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives.  
A basis for the determination of such definitions has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy) and the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change mitigation and adaption (the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) adopted by the EU Commission on 21 April 
2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021 for scrutiny by the co-legislators (the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, jointly, the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation). The EU Taxonomy Regulation has been recently enacted and is subject to further 
developments. While the Eligible Projects are in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been formally 
adopted it is not known whether the Eligible Projects will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with 
the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are formally adopted, is not 
certain. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Projects and 
to obtain the relevant opinion or certification of any third party which may be made available in connection 
with the issue of any such Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do this. Any failure to apply the proceeds of any 
issue of Notes for any Eligible Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or 
any negative change in such opinion or certification or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of 
any stock exchange or securities market may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to 
be used for a particular purpose. Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and 
market conventions in the green, sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal 
frameworks and/or definitions may (or may not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the 
GBP and/or the SBP and/or the SBG and/or the EU framework standard. Such changes may have a negative 
impact on the market value and the liquidity of any "Green Bonds","Social Bonds" and/or "Sustainability 
Bonds" issued prior to their implementation. 
Investors should also consider that the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment 
of the GBP, SBP or SBG, any verification of whether the Eligible Projects comply with the GBP, SBP or 
SBG or the monitoring of the use of proceeds.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Risks related to Notes generally.  
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally.  
The Conditions contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all investors 
and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the consent of the 
Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders. 
The Conditions contain provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority.  
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and without regard to 
the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of 
the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the 
substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the 
circumstances described in Condition 15.  
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.  
Investors who hold less than the Minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.  
 
Investing in the Notes may negatively impact on the "Aiuto alla Crescita Economica" (ACE) benefit 
available to certain Italian resident noteholders (or Italian permanent establishments of non-resident 
noteholders).  
 
Effective as of the fiscal year following the fiscal year that was current on 31 December 2015, Article 1(550) 
of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (Finance Act 2017) added paragraph 6-bis to Article 1 of Law Decree

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted into Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011. Under this new rule, the 
base upon which the so-called "ACE benefit" set forth in Article 1 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 
2011 is computed is reduced by an amount equal to the positive difference (if any) between (i) the aggregate 
book value of securities (titoli e valori mobiliari) other than shares reported in the taxpayer’s financial 
statements for the relevant fiscal year and (ii) the aggregate book value of securities (titoli e valori mobiliari) 
other than shares reported in the taxpayer’s financial statements for the fiscal year that was current on 31 
December 2010. The relevant securities (titoli e valori mobiliari) are defined in Article 1(1-bis) of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (Financial Services Act). Only Italian resident persons 
carrying on an entrepreneurial activity (and in particular Italian resident corporations) and Italian permanent 
establishments of non-resident persons can enjoy the "ACE Benefit". The new restrictive rule enacted by 
Finance Act 2017 applies only to taxpayers that do not carry out insurance or financial activities listed in 
Section K of the 2007 ATECOFIN Index (except for nonfinancial holding companies). 
 
The "ACE Benefit" was previously abolished by Law No 145 of 30 December 2018 (Finance Act 2019) but 
Law No 160 of 27 December 2019 (Finance Act 2020) provided for the seamless reintroduction of the 
"ACE Benefit".As reported above, the investment in the Notes by Italian resident Noteholders or Italian 
permanent establishments of non-Italian resident Noteholders (other than financial and insurance companies) 
might reduce the amount of the "ACE Benefit" that such Noteholders may be able to enjoy. Noteholders are 
thus urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the implications that holding the Notes may have on 
the "ACE Benefit" available to them.  
Risks related to the market generally. 
Set out below is a description of the material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk.  
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes 
large allocations to a limited number of investors. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest 
rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under the 
Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s 
Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market 
value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuers, the Guarantor to make

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates.  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuers, the Guarantor or the 
Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period 
of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its 
judgment, circumstances so warrant. Rating agencies may also change their methodologies for rating 
securities in the future. Any suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant 
Notes by one or more of the credit rating could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the UK CRA Regulation). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes 
ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can 
either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating 
agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) 
the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or 
suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country 
ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory 
purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this EMTN Programme Prospectus

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The following documents which have previously been or are published simultaneously with this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus shall be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this EMTN Programme 
Prospectus:  
 
the 
EMTN 
Programme 
Prospectus 
dated 
18 
June 
2020 
(available 
at 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/investitori/doc---debito-obbligazioni/TIM-EMTN-Update-
2020-Base-Prospectus-approved.pdf), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme; 
 
the press releases dated 23 February 2021, 23 February 2021, 2 March 2021, 26 March 2021, 31 
March 2021, 1 April 2021, 14 May 2021, 19 May 2021, 31 May 2021 and 1 July 2021 (respectively 
available at https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2021/PR-Strategic-
Plan-2021-23-23-02-2021.pdf;  
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2021/PR-FY-2020-23-02-
2021.pdf; 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2021/PR-TIM-JOINS-THE-
NASDAQ-SUSTAINABLE-BOND-NETWORK-02032021.pdf; 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-
archive/corporate/2021/PR_TIM_DAZN_26_03_21_EN.pdf; 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2021/PR-AGM-31-03-2021-
EN.pdf; 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2021/PR-closing-FIBERCOP-
def.pdf; 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2021/CS-TIM-ERG-en.pdf ; 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2021/CS-CdA-Q1-2021-ENG.pdf; 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2021/Allegato-al-CS-CdA-
19052021-ENG.pdf ;  
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2021/PR-TIM-BEI-
May312021.pdf 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2021/PR-TIMVISION-football-
offer-01072021.pdf ) 
(the Press Releases); 
 
the English translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for each of the 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 of the TIM Group (respectively 
available at https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/investitori/doc---report-finanziari/2020/TIM-
Annual-Financial-Report-2020.pdf 
and 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/telecomitalia/en/archive/documents/investors/Annual_Report
s/2019/TIM-2019-Annual-Report.pdf) (included in the 2020 TIM Annual Report and the 2019 
TIM Annual Report, respectively) in each case together with the English translation of independent 
auditors' reports as included on those pages specified below;  
 
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for each of the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 of TI Finance Group (respectively available at 
http://tifinance.lu/_bilancio/2020/TIF_Consolidated_FS_2020_signed.pdf 
and 
http://www.tifinance.lu/_bilancio/2019/TIF_Consolidated_FS_2019_signed.pdf) 
(the 
2020 
TI 
Finance Annual Report and the 2019 TI Finance Annual Report, respectively); and 
 
the unaudited financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 of the TIM 
Group 
(available 
at 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/investitori/doc---report-
finanziari/2021/TIM-financial-information-at-March-31-2021.pdf) (the TIM Group’s Financial 
Information at 31 March 2021), 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this EMTN

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Programme Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any such subsequent document 
which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this 
EMTN Programme Prospectus. Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included 
in the cross-reference list below, is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to 
investors rather than information required by the relevant Annexes of the Delegated Regulation.  
The Issuers and (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to 
this EMTN Programme Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.  
The following EMTN programme prospectus is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety: 
Information incorporated by reference 
Location 
EMTN Programme Prospectus dated 18 June 2020  
pp. 57-90 
 
The following Press Releases are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety: 
Information incorporated by reference 
Location 
Press Release dated 23 February 2021 entitled "TIM: The Board of Directors has 
approved TIM’s 2021-2023 Strategic Plan" 
All 
Press Release dated 23 February 2021 entitled "TIM: Board of Directors approves 
financial report at 31 December 2020" 
All 
Press Release dated 2 March 2021 entitled "TIM joins the Nasdaq Sustainable Bond 
Network" 
All 
Press Release dated 26 March 2021 entitled "Dazn and Tim Announce Distribution 
Agreement to bring Serie A Matches on Timvision " 
All 
Press Release dated 31 March 2021 entitled "TIM Shareholders’ meeting renews the 
board of directors for the three-year period 2021-2023, 95% of participants vote for 
the board slate" 
All 
 
Press Release dated 1 April 2021 entitled "TIM, KKR Infrastructure and Fastweb: 
agreement to enter the capital of FiberCop finalised" 
All 
Press Release dated 14 May 2021 entitled "ERG and TIM sign the most extensive long-
term agreement in Italy for the supply of electricity produced from renewable sources" 
All 
Press Release dated 19 May 2021 entitled "TIM: Board of Directors approves financial 
report at March 31, 2021" 
All 
Attachments to the Press Release dated 19 May 2021 entitled "TIM: Board of Directors 
approves financial report at March 31, 2021" 
All 
Press Release dated 31 May 2021 entitled "TIM: Italy: EIB confirms support for TIM’s 
plan to develop 5G, fibre optic network and data centres" 
All 
Press Release dated 1 July 2021 entitled "Timvision unveils offers for the streaming of 
the best football and entertainment content" 
All 
The following information from TIM’s and TI Finance’s annual and interim reports is incorporated by 
reference, and the following cross-reference lists are provided to enable investors to identify specific items of 
information so incorporated:

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Location 
TIM’s Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the Financial Year 
Ended 31 December 2020 
Alternative Performance Measures  
pp. 103-104 
 
Macro-Organisation Chart 
p. 132 
 
Financial information concerning TIM 
Group’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position and profits and losses: 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position 
pp. 135-136  
 
Separate 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statements 
p. 137 
 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
p. 138  
 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in 
Equity 
p. 139  
 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Cash 
Flows 
pp. 140-141  
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
pp. 142-287  
 
Certification 
of 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements Pursuant to art. 
81-ter of the Consob Regulation 11971 
dated 14 May 1999, with Amendments 
and Additions  
p. 288  
 
 
 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
pp. 289 and following 
(pp. 1-8) 
TIM’s Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the Financial Year 
Ended 31 December 2019 
Alternative Performance Measures 
pp. 87-88 
 
Macro-Organisation Chart 
p. 117 
 
Financial information concerning TIM 
Group’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position and profits and losses: 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position 
pp. 122-123 
 
Separate 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statements 
p. 124

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Location 
 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
p. 125 
 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in 
Equity 
p. 126 
 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Cash 
Flows 
pp. 127-128 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
pp. 129-276 
 
Certification 
of 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements Pursuant to art. 
81-ter of Consob Regulation 11971 of 
14 May 1999, with Amendments and 
Additions 
p. 277 
 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
pp. 278 and following 
(pp. 1-8) 
TIM Group’s Unaudited Financial 
Information as of and for the three 
months ended 31 March 2021 
Separate 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statements of the TIM Group  
p. 21 
 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Comprehensive Income of the TIM 
Group 
p. 22 
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position of the TIM Group 
pp. 23-24 
 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Cash 
Flows of the TIM Group 
pp. 25-26 
 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in 
Equity of the TIM Group 
p. 27 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
pp. 42-43 
TI Finance’s Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements as of and for the 
Financial Year Ended 31 December 
2020 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position 
pp. 23-24 
 
Separate 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statements 
p. 25 
 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
p. 26

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Location 
 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in 
Equity 
p. 27 
 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Cash 
Flows 
p. 28 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
pp. 29-86 
 
Certification 
of 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
pursuant 
to 
Luxembourg Transparency Law 
p. 87 
 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
pp. 88-92 
TI Finance’s Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements as of and for the 
Financial Year Ended 31 December 
2019 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position 
pp. 21-22 
 
Separate 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statements 
p. 23 
 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
p. 24 
 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in 
Equity 
p. 25 
 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Cash 
Flows 
p. 26 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
pp. 27-85 
 
Certification 
of 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
pursuant 
to 
Luxembourg Transparancy Law 
p. 86 
 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
pp. 87-92

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note 
(a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in 
either case, will:  
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent.  
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either (i) for interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is 
available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not 
be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to 
such effect signed by a duly authorised representative of the relevant Issuer is given to the Trustee. The 
relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) or the 
Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.  
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.”  
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes on a date subsequent to the Issue Date of such further 
Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different 
from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time 
as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the 
distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes 
of such further Tranche.  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or (in the 
case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, 
fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing.  
The Issuers and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form 
not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus or a new EMTN Programme Prospectus will be made available which will describe 
the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) or more.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time - The Notes shall be (i) capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and (ii) Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]2 
[Date] 
[TIM S.p.A.] 
[TELECOM ITALIA FINANCE, société anonyme] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI):  
[In respect of Notes issued by TIM: [549300W384M3RI3VXU42]] 
[In respect of Notes issued by TI Finance: [549300O482B6CBF38D50]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by TIM S.p.A.] 
under the €20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the EMTN programme prospectus dated 7 July 2021 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (the EMTN Programme Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the EMTN Programme Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
EMTN Programme Prospectus has been published at https://www.gruppotim.it/en/investors/debt-
rating/financial-profile/debt-programmes-facilities.html and www.bourse.lu and copies may be obtained free 
of charge from the Issuer [or the Guarantor] at [its/their respective] registered office[s]. In addition, the 
EMTN Programme Prospectus will be available from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.]  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the EMTN programme prospectus dated 18 June 2020 which is 
incorporated by reference in the EMTN Programme Prospectus dated 7 July 2021. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the EMTN Programme Prospectus dated 7 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
                                                     
1  
The reference to the UK MiFIR product governance legend may not be necessary for a programme with a non-UK MiFIR issuer and non-UK 
MiFIR guarantor(s) if the managers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or 
the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
2  
Legend to be included if the Notes are to be sold to Singapore investors and are (i) capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (ii) Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification 
from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Regulation (the EMTN Programme Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
EMTN Programme Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The EMTN Programme 
Prospectus has been published at https://www.gruppotim.it/en.html and www.bourse.lu and copies may be 
obtained from the Issuer [or the Guarantor] at [its/their respective] office[s] as well as from the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” or “N/A” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.)  
(When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such terms 
or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the EMTN Programme Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)  
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.)  
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 22 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 
(or equivalent)  
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [€199,000].”) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[   ]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes - Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]]  
8. 
Interest Basis:  
[[   ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] per cent. to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and every [●] 
anniversary thereafter] 
[[[  ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- [ ]% Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph 13/14/15 below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[100 per cent.][Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [] of their nominal amount ] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable, specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below 
and identify there][Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in Interest 
Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to which the change(s) 
in Interest Basis applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the Switch 
Option to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 on or 
prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(b) 
Switch 
Option 
Expiry 
Date: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Switch Option Effective 
Date: 
[] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-Up Call]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
[(see paragraphs 16/17/18/19 below)] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes [and Guarantee] 
obtained: 
[   ] [and [   ], respectively]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/(if a Change of Interest Basis 
applies): [Applicable for the period starting from [and 
including] [●] ending on [but excluding] [●]]) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year [from and including []] up to and including 
the Maturity Date 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive 
form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[   ] per [   ] Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken 
Amount(s) 
for 
Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon)] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/(if a Change of Interest Basis 
applies): [Applicable for the period starting from [and 
including] [●] ending on [but excluding] [●])] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[   ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]  
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not 
Applicable]  
 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[   ] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[   ] [(the Calculation Agent)] 
 
(f) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination:  
Reference Rate: [   ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro LIBOR), 
first day of each Interest Period if Sterling LIBOR and the 
second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[   ] 
 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ]% per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ]% per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[   ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] [Make-whole Amount] 
 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
[[] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
[[]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
[   ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee) 
 
17. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
Notice periods (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions) 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Minimum period: [     ] days] [Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [     ] days] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee) 
18. 
Clean-Up Call (Condition 7.5): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Clean-Up Call Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Note [of [    ] Specified Denomination 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee) 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount  
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
[(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of 
the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount 
is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is higher than 100 per cent. of the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
nominal value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.)]  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: "[€100,000] 
and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [€199,000]." Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to 
any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert relevant financial centre(s)] 
 
 
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment and not 
the end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 
14(c) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the][The] Issuer [and 
the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:  ____________________________  
By:  ____________________________  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s][  ] [regulated ]market 
and listed on [the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange][  ] with effect from [  ].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s][  ] [regulated 
]market and listed on [the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange][  ] with effect from [  ].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[   ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]:  
[  ] by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined terms].  
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)  
 
 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[for its general corporate purposes] / [The net proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes will be used to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, existing and/or 
new Eligible Projects].  
[Further details on Eligible Projects are included in the 
TIM Group Sustainability Financing Framework.]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in EMTN Programme 
Prospectus)  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in lending, corporate finance, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] 
affiliates (including parent companies) in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the EMTN Programme Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[   ][Not Applicable] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[   ] 
(iii) 
CFI 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
Condition 14: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the [second] [business] day after the day on which 
it was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D 
Rules/TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA Not Applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
EU Benchmarks Regulation:  
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [LIBOR/EURIBOR], 
which [is/are] provided by [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s] – if more than one specify in 
relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
(viii) 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
[(ESMA)] 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the EU

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
BMR)]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU BMR 
apply, such that the administrator is not currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration]]. 
(repeat as necessary)] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this sub-paragraph)

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
“Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.  
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by TIM S.p.A. (TIM) or Telecom Italia 
Finance S.A. (TI Finance and, together with TIM (in its capacity as an issuer), the Issuers and each an 
Issuer) constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Trust Deed) dated 7 July 2021 made between TIM (in its capacity both as an Issuer and as 
guarantor (in such capacity, the Guarantor) of Notes issued by TI Finance), TI Finance and Deutsche 
Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee).  
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency;  
(b) 
any Global Note; and  
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note.  
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) 
dated 7 July 2021 and made between TIM (in its capacity both as an Issuer and as the Guarantor), TI 
Finance, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent 
bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and 
the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The Principal Paying Agent and the 
Paying Agents together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue.  
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below) and the 
holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.  
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at 7 July 2021 at Winchester House, 1 
Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, England and at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu), are available for viewing at https://www.gruppotim.it/en.html and copies may be obtained 
from the Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor at their respective registered 
offices, as well as from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, save that, if this Note is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted 
Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the 
Trustee or, as the case may be, the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to 
them. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Trust Deed.  
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.  
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (the TFEU), as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination.  
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.  
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. Definitive 
Notes will be executed by a duly authorised representative of TIM in the case of Notes issued by 
TIM or by any two directors of TI Finance in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance.  
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance), the Trustee and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.  
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be 
treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance), the Trustee 
and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance), the Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and 
the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of 
Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as 
it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information 
and/or certification shall, in the absence of an error which is manifest or, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, proven, be conclusive and binding on all concerned.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the relevant Issuer, the Agent and 
the Trustee.  
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE  
2.1 
Status of the Notes  
The Notes and any related Coupons are unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves 
and (save as aforesaid and for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding.  
2.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
In the case of Notes issued by TI Finance, the payment of principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes and all other moneys payable by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Trust Deed (the Guarantee). 
The Guarantor guarantees the payment of such amount when such amount becomes due and payable, 
whether at the stated maturity of the Notes, by declaration or acceleration, call for redemption or 
otherwise. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save as 
aforesaid and for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to 
time outstanding.  
3. 
RESTRICTIONS ON SECURITY INTERESTS 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Notes issued by TI 
Finance) the Guarantor shall not create or permit to subsist any Security Interest other than Permitted 
Encumbrances upon the whole or any part of their present or future revenues or assets to secure any 
Capital Markets Indebtedness without at the same time or prior thereto taking any and all action 
necessary to ensure that:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes, any relative Coupons and the Trust Deed are 
secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Capital Markets Indebtedness 
to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or  
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion deems not 
materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (B) as is approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (which is defined in the Trust Deed as a resolution duly passed by 
a majority of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast thereon) of the Noteholders.  
For the avoidance of doubt in respect of asset-backed financings originated by TIM or TI Finance, 
the expressions “assets” and “obligations for the payment of borrowed money” as used in this 
Condition do not include assets and obligations of TIM or TI Finance which, pursuant to the 
requirements of law and accounting principles generally accepted in Italy or Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, currently need not be, and are not, reflected in the balance sheet of TIM or TI Finance, 
as the case may be.  
As used herein: 
Capital Markets Indebtedness means any obligation for the payment of borrowed money which is 
in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, a certificate of indebtedness or in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other securities, in each case which is/are listed or 
traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market;  
Change of Interest Basis means, if applicable, the change of Interest Basis of the Notes as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 5.4 (Change 
of Interest Basis); 
Interest Basis has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Permitted Encumbrance means:  
(a) 
any encumbrance existing on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes;  
(b) 
any encumbrance over or affecting any asset acquired by the relevant Issuer or (in the case 
of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and subject to which such asset is acquired, if:  
(A) 
such encumbrance was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such asset 
by the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor; 
and  
(B) 
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or since the 
date of, the acquisition of such asset by the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes 
issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor;  
(c) 
any encumbrance over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes an obligor 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, where 
such encumbrance is created prior to the date on which such company becomes an obligor, 
if: 
(A) 
such encumbrance was not created in contemplation of that company becoming an 
obligor; and

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(B) 
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or since the 
date of, that company becoming an obligor;  
(d) 
any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the TIM Group in the 
normal course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit 
balances;  
(e) 
any title transfer or retention of title arrangement entered into by any member of the TIM 
Group in the normal course of its trading activities on the counterparty’s standard or usual 
terms;  
(f) 
encumbrances created in substitution of any encumbrance permitted under sub-
paragraphs (b)(A) and (b)(B) of this definition over the same or substituted assets provided 
that (1) the principal amount secured by the substitute encumbrance does not exceed the 
principal amount outstanding and secured by the initial encumbrance and (2) in the case of 
substituted assets, if the market value of the substituted assets at the time of the substitution 
does not exceed the market value of the assets replaced;  
(g) 
encumbrances created to secure:  
(A) 
loans provided, supported or subsidised by a governmental agency, national or 
multinational investment guarantee agency, export credit agency or a lending 
organisation established by the United Nations, the European Union or other 
international treaty organisation, including, without limitation, the European 
Investment Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the 
International Finance Corporation; or  
(B) 
Project Finance Indebtedness,  
provided that the encumbrance is created on an asset of the project being financed by such 
loans (and/or on the shares in, and/or shareholder loans made to, the company conducting 
such project) or, as the case may be, such Project Finance Indebtedness, and remains 
confined to that asset (and/or shares and/or shareholder loans);  
(h) 
encumbrances arising out of the refinancing of any Capital Markets Indebtedness secured by 
any encumbrance permitted by the preceding sub-paragraphs, provided that the amount of 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness is not increased and is not secured by an encumbrance 
over any additional assets;  
(i) 
any encumbrance arising by operation of law;  
(j) 
any encumbrance created in connection with convertible bonds or notes where the 
encumbrance is created over the assets into which the convertible bonds or notes may be 
converted and secures only the obligation of the issuer to effect the conversion of the bonds 
or notes into such assets;  
(k) 
any encumbrance created in the ordinary course of business to secure Capital Markets 
Indebtedness under hedging transactions entered into for the purpose of managing risks 
arising under funded debt obligations such as credit support annexes and agreements;  
(l) 
any encumbrance over or affecting any asset of TIM to secure Capital Markets Indebtedness 
under a Permitted Leasing Transaction, provided that the aggregate Capital Markets 
Indebtedness secured by all such encumbrances does not exceed €1,000,000,000;  
(m) 
any encumbrance created on short-term receivables used in any asset-backed financing;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(n) 
any encumbrance on real estate assets of TIM, any of its Subsidiaries or any person to which 
such real estate assets may be contributed by TIM or any of its Subsidiaries in connection 
with the issuance of any indebtedness, whether such indebtedness is secured or unsecured by 
such real estate assets or any other assets of such person to which real estate assets have 
been contributed by TIM or any of its Subsidiaries; and  
(o) 
any other encumbrance securing Capital Markets Indebtedness of an aggregate amount not 
exceeding 10 per cent. of the total net worth of TIM (as disclosed in the most recent audited 
consolidated balance sheet of TIM);  
Permitted Leasing Transaction means one or more transactions or a series of transactions as a 
result of which TIM disposes of or otherwise transfers (including, without limitation, by way of sale 
of title or grant of a leasehold or other access, utilisation and/or possessory interest(s)) its rights to 
possess, use and/or exploit all or a portion of a particular asset or particular assets owned, used 
and/or operated by TIM (or its rights and/or interests in respect thereof) to one or more other persons 
in circumstances where TIM or an affiliate shall have the right to obtain or retain possession, use 
and/or otherwise exploit the asset or assets (or rights and/or interests therein) so disposed of or 
otherwise transferred;  
Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, 
trust, unincorporated organisation or government or agency or political subdivision thereof;  
Project Finance Indebtedness means any indebtedness incurred by a debtor to finance the 
ownership, acquisition, construction, development and/or operation of an asset in respect of which 
the person or persons to whom such indebtedness is, or may be, owed have no recourse whatsoever 
for the repayment of or payment of any sum relating to such indebtedness other than:  
(a) 
recourse to such debtor for amounts limited to the cash flow from such asset; and/or  
(b) 
recourse to such debtor generally, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other 
than liquidated damages and damages required to be calculated in a specified way) for 
breach of an obligation, representation or warranty (not being a payment obligation, 
representation or warranty or an obligation, representation or warranty to procure payment 
by another or an obligation, representation or warranty to comply or to procure compliance 
by another with any financial ratios or other test of financial condition) by the person against 
whom such recourse is available; and/or  
(c) 
if such debtor has been established specifically for the purpose of constructing, developing, 
owning and/or operating the relevant asset and such debtor owns no other significant assets 
and carries on no other business, recourse to all of the assets and undertaking of such debtor 
and the shares in the capital of such debtor and shareholder loans made to such debtor;  
Security Interest means (i) any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing any 
obligation of any Person; and (ii) any arrangement providing a creditor with prior right to an asset, or 
its proceeds of sale, over other creditors in a liquidation;  
Subsidiary means a corporation in respect of which more than 50% of the outstanding voting shares 
or equity interest having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board 
of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time shares of any other class or 
classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any 
contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Guarantor or by one or 
more of its Subsidiaries, or by the Guarantor and one or more Subsidiaries; and  
TIM Group means TIM and its Subsidiaries.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
4. 
MERGERS AND SIMILAR EVENTS 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Notes issued by TI 
Finance) the Guarantor may each consolidate or merge with another company or firm, sell or lease 
all or substantially all of their respective assets to another company or buy or lease all or 
substantially all of the assets of another company, provided that the relevant Issuer and (as the case 
may be) the Guarantor shall not take any of these actions unless:  
(i) 
where the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor 
merges out of existence or sells or leases all or substantially all of its assets, the other 
company assumes all the then existing obligations of the relevant Issuer or (as the case may 
be) the Guarantor (including, without limitation, all obligations under the Notes and the 
Trust Deed), either by law or contractual arrangements;  
(ii) 
if the other company is organised under the laws of a country other than Luxembourg (in the 
case of TI Finance) or Italy (in the case of TIM), it must indemnify the Noteholders and 
Couponholders against (A) any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on any 
such Noteholder or Couponholder or required to be withheld or deducted from any payment 
to such Noteholder or Couponholder as a consequence of such merger, conveyance, transfer 
or lease and (B) any costs or expenses of the act of such merger, conveyance, transfer or 
lease; provided that, if such company is incorporated in Italy, such other company shall not 
be liable under such indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on account of “imposta 
sostitutiva” or on account of any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of 
interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy; and  
(iii) 
the merger, sale or lease of all or substantially all of the assets of the relevant Issuer or (as 
the case may be) the Guarantor will not be an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) 
and no Event of Default or other event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or 
other condition (including, without limitation, certification from the Trustee), would be an 
Event of Default has occurred and is outstanding.  
As long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in the case of such 
merger or consolidation, TIM will advise the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a supplement to the 
EMTN Programme base prospectus or, where so required by the relevant authority, a new EMTN 
Programme base prospectus will be prepared and the Noteholders will be notified in accordance with 
Condition 14.  
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
As used in these Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date.  
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or  
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the Calculation 
Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or  
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:  
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and  
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and  
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
In these Conditions:  
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and  
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and means, with respect to euro, one 
cent.  
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either:  
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or  
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls on the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.  
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:  
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or  
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or  
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both:  
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than 
any Additional Business Centre and which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open.  
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent was acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (Designated Maturity) is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is at the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
The definition of Fallback Observation Day in the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: Fallback Observation Day means, in 
respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding Period included in 
that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day 
that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject to Condition 5.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and as provided below, be 
either:  
(A) 
the offered quotation; or  
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the London 
interbank offered rate (LIBOR) or the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. In particular, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of sub-clause 5.2(b)(B) no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of sub-clause 5.2(b)(B), fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London 
time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal 
Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.  
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365;  
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366;  
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360;  
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the relevant Issuer, the 
Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange (by no later than the first day of each 
Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth TARGET Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly 
be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, 
the expression TARGET Business Day means a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.  
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2, whether 
by the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of an error which is manifest) be binding on the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance), the Principal Paying 
Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance), the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the 
Trustee or any agent appointed by the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it 
of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 5.3 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.3(a) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.3. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5.3(a) prior to the date which is ten Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 5.3(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5.3(a).  
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5.3); or 
(ii) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.3(c) (Adjustment Spread) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5.3). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of Condition 5, if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under Condition 5, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction it shall notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 5.3 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5.3(e) (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.3(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee, the Agents and the Calculation 
Agent of a certificate signed by two duly authorised representatives of the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 5.3(e), the Trustee, the Agents and the Calculation Agent shall (at the expense of the 
Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the 
Trust Deed), provided that the none of the Trustee, the Agents and the Calculation Agent shall be 
obliged to agree to any Benchmark Amendments which, in its sole opinion, would have the effect of 
(i) exposing it to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction; or (ii) increasing its obligations, responsibilities or duties, or decreasing 
its protections, under the Trust Deed and/or the Conditions and/or the the Agency Agreement (as 
applicable) in any way. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.3 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and each Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by two duly authorised representatives:  
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate and (z) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 5.3;  
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread; and  
(iii) certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with respect to each 
of the matters above.  
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or such 
other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5.3(a) (Independent Adviser) to 
Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 5.2(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is 
the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and 
with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for the Paying Agents, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur 
on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may 
be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Paying Agents nor the Trustee shall be obliged to monitor or 
inquire whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof.  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5.3(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
5.4 
Change of Interest Basis  
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5.1 or Condition 5.2, 
each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer’s 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or 
more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a Switch 
Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and 
delivering such notice to the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate 
or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the 
outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective 
from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where 
more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch 
Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and 
the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant 
Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
5.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue as provided in the 
Trust Deed.  
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below:  
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and  
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons  
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 6.1 above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein,

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, 
its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) 
in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter.  
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof.  
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date 
is less than the nominal amount of such Note.  
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note.  
6.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes  
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable.  
6.4 
General provisions applicable to payments  
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in the 
case of Notes issued by TI Finance) will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if:  
(a) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount 
of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and  
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance), adverse 
tax consequences to the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Notes issued by TI Finance). 
6.5 
Payment Day  
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is:  
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in:  
(i) 
in the case of definitive Notes only, the relevant place of presentation;  
(ii) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open.  
6.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest  
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable:  
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed;  
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;  
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;  
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.  
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant 
to the Trust Deed.  
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE  
7.1 
Redemption at maturity  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed at least at par by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons  
Subject to Condition 7.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if the relevant Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the 
giving of such notice that on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
8 or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside 
its control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay 
such additional amounts, in each case either:  
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) taking reasonable measures available 
to it; or  
(b) 
where a Person into which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor is 
merged or to whom it has conveyed, transferred or leased all or substantially all of its assets 
is required to pay additional amounts, unless the sole purpose of such a merger would be to 
permit the relevant Issuer to redeem the Notes,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued 
by TI Finance) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the relevant Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by a duly authorised representative of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, a duly 
authorised representative of the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) stating that the 
relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) has or will become

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption.  
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)  
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, 
having given (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding 
on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer or an appointed Agent on its 
behalf equal to the higher of:  
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or  
(b) 
as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (not including any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date) discounted 
to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days 
elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Dealer Rate 
(as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, plus, in each case, any interest accrued on 
the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.  
As used in this Condition 7.3:  
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Dealers shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and  
Reference Dealer Rate means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption 
Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable 
judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third business day in London 
preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such exchange 
will be informed once in each year of all Redeemed Notes and the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes outstanding. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call): 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period 
commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call) 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 20 
per cent. or less of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (including 
any assimilated Notes issued pursuant to Condition 17) remains outstanding (other than as a result of 
the Issuer exercising an Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 7.3 at an Optional Redemption Amount 
that is higher than the Clean-Up Call Redemption Amount), the Issuer may, at its option but subject 
to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than fifteen (15) days’ notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) in accordance 
with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in that Series at their 
Clean-Up Call Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)  
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
relevant Issuer not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14, the 
relevant Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the 
terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any 
Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, 
be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive 
form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note the

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
terms of which require presentation for recording changes to its nominal amount, at the same time 
present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be advised by the Agent of any such Note which has been 
redeemed.  
7.7 
Early Redemption Amounts  
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where:  
RP means the Reference Price;  
AY means the Accrual Yield (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) expressed as a 
decimal; and  
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 30-day months) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or, as the case may be, the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
7.8 
Purchases  
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance), any Subsidiary of the 
relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may at 
any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of 
Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
7.9 
Cancellation  
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.8 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
7.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4 or 7.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.7(b) as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:  
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and  
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.  
8. 
TAXATION  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the relevant 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the 
Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable:  
(a) 
in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is 
liable for such Taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or  
(b) 
in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have 
been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth 
day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.5); or  
(c) 
in respect of payments made by TIM with respect to any Note or Coupon for or on account 
of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 
(Decree No. 239), as amended and/or supplemented or superseded as at the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any withholding or deduction for or on account of imposta 
sostitutiva imposed following any amendment or supplement to or replacement of Decree 
No. 239 after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes 
shall not be an exception to the payment by TIM of the relevant additional amounts payable 
with respect to such Note or Coupon, to the extent that the amount of such withholding or 
deduction exceeds the amount of imposta sostitutiva payable by TIM with respect to such 
Note or Coupon pursuant to Decree No. 239 as amended and/or supplemented or superseded 
at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes.  
Furthermore, no additional amount shall be payable by TIM with respect to any Note or 
Coupon for or on account of imposta sostitutiva if the holder becomes subject to imposta 
sostitutiva after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
Notes by reason of an amendment or supplement to or replacement of the list of countries 
which provide for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, according to Article 6 
of Decree No. 239, as amended and/or supplemented or superseded as at the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; or  
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment by a Luxembourg paying 
agent to an individual resident in Luxembourg pursuant to the Law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended; or 
(e) 
in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder if such 
withholding or deduction may be avoided by such holder producing a declaration or other 
evidence of non-residence in the Relevant Jurisdiction to the relevant taxing authority or 
making any other claim or filing, unless such holder is not entitled to produce such 
declaration or other evidence or to make such other claim or filing.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid 
on the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof 
(or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a FATCA 
Withholding). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay additional 
amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding. 
As used herein:  
(i) 
Relevant Jurisdiction means (A) irrespective of the identity of the Issuer, Italy 
and/or such other taxing jurisdiction to which TIM becomes subject, or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or (B) if the 
Issuer is TI Finance, the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and/or such other taxing 
jurisdiction to which TI Finance becomes subject, or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and  
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.  
9. 
PRESCRIPTION  
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are 
made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor.  
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT  
10.1 
Events of Default  
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter 
in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall (subject in each case to being indemnified to its satisfaction) (but only if, except in relation to 
paragraph 10.1(a) below, the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the relevant Issuer and (in the 
case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor that such event is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing to the relevant Issuer that the 
Notes are, and the Notes shall thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the 
following events (each an Event of Default) shall have occurred and be continuing:  
(a) 
Non-payment: default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of 
the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 10 days in the case of 
principal and 30 days in the case of interest; or  
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by TI 
Finance) the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these 
Conditions or the Trust Deed and the failure continues for the period of 60 days next 
following the service by the Trustee on the relevant Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or  
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Guarantor:  
(i) 
any Capital Markets Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes 
issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor in excess of €100,000,000 (or the equivalent 
thereof in other currencies) has to be repaid prematurely due to a default under its 
terms; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor fails 
to fulfil any payment obligation exceeding €100,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof 
in other currencies) under any Capital Markets Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or 
(in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor, or under any guarantee 
provided for any such Capital Markets Indebtedness in excess of €100,000,000 (or 
the equivalent thereof in other currencies) of others, and such failure continues for a 
period of 30 days; or  
(iii) 
any security or guarantee relating to Capital Markets Indebtedness in excess of 
€100,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) provided by the relevant 
Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor is enforced by 
the lenders and such enforcement is not contested in good faith by the relevant 
Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor or the relevant Issuer or (in the case of 
Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor publicly announces their inability to meet 
their financial obligations; or  
(d) 
Insolvency:  
(i) 
a court opens insolvency or equivalent proceedings against the relevant Issuer or (in 
the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor which are not resolved within 
six months, unless such proceedings are frivolous or vexatious and contested in 
good faith and appropriately and do not result in court orders or the relevant Issuer 
or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor applies for such 
insolvency or equivalent proceedings; or

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor 
approves a resolution pursuant to which it goes into liquidation or (in the case of 
Notes issued by TI Finance) it goes into liquidation or initiates or consents to 
proceedings under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law (including, without 
limitation, controlled management (gestion contrôlée), suspension of payments 
(sursis de paiement), a moratorium or a composition) unless this is done in 
connection with a merger, or other form of combination with another company and 
such company assumes all obligations contracted by TI Finance or TIM, in 
connection with the Notes and the Trust Deed; or  
(e) 
Guarantee not in force: in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance, the Guarantee ceases to 
be valid or legally binding for any reason.  
10.2 
Enforcement  
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the 
relevant Issuer and/or (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor as it may think fit to 
enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to 
take any such proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the 
Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in 
writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and 
(b) it shall have been indemnified and/or pre-funded and/or secured to its satisfaction.  
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or (in 
the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so 
to proceed fails so to do within 90 days, and the failure shall be continuing.  
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS  
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.  
12. 
AGENTS  
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) are entitled, with 
the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Agent acts, provided that:  
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
places as the rules of the relevant stock exchange require (which, if the relevant stock 
exchange is the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be Luxembourg); and  
In addition, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) shall 
forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the circumstances

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
described in Condition 6.4. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying 
Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14.  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and (in 
the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) the Guarantor and, in certain circumstances specified 
therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, 
any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity 
into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers 
all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent.  
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS  
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9.  
14. 
NOTICES  
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given (a) if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London (it is expected that such 
publication will be made in the Financial Times in London) and (b) if and for so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange if published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange: www.bourse.lu or in another manner of publication in accordance with the 
Luxembourg laws and regulations implementing Directive 2004/109/EC and, if so required, in 
accordance with the rules of such exchange. The relevant Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with any applicable laws and regulations and with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to listing including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication. If publication as provided above is 
not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given 
on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on 
such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION, 
DETERMINATION AND SUBSTITUTION  
15.1 
Meetings in respect of Notes issued by TI Finance  
In respect of Notes issued by TI Finance, the Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings 
of the Noteholders (which may be at a physical location or by way of conference call or 
videoconference) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by TI Finance, the Guarantor or the Trustee and shall 
be convened by TI Finance if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing 
more than one-half in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that, at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Trust Deed 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes 
or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing 
an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing not less 
than two-thirds or at any adjourned such meeting the quorum shall be one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding 
on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders.  
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with TI Finance to the substitution 
in place of TI Finance (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 15.1) as the principal 
debtor under the Notes, Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being either (i)the 
Guarantor or (ii) a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, subject to (a) (in the case of (ii)) the Notes being 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor, (b) the Trustee being satisfied that the 
interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution, (c) the Guarantor or 
the Subsidiary of the Guarantor substituted in place of TI Finance indemnifying the Noteholders and 
Couponholders against (A) any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on any such 
Noteholder or Couponholder or required to be withheld or deducted from any payment to such 
Noteholder or Couponholder as a consequence of such substitution and (B) any costs or expenses of 
the act of such substitution, except that the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Subsidiary of the 
Guarantor (provided that such Subsidiary is incorporated in Italy) shall not be liable under such 
indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on account of imposta sostitutiva or on account of 
any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or other amounts paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country 
which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy and (d) certain other 
conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. As long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in the case of such a substitution, TI Finance will advise the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a supplement to this EMTN Programme Prospectus will be prepared 
and the Noteholders will be notified in accordance with Condition 14.  
The Trustee may also, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with TI Finance and the 
Guarantor to the substitution in place of the Guarantor (or of any previous substitute under this 
Condition 15.1) as guarantor of the Notes of another company, being any entity that may succeed to, 
or to which the Guarantor (or any previous substitute under this Condition 15.1) may transfer, all or 
substantially all of the assets and business of the Guarantor (or any previous substitute under this 
Condition 15.1) by operation of law, contract or otherwise, subject to (a) the Trustee being satisfied 
that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution, (b) the 
company substituted in place of the Guarantor indemnifying the Noteholders and Couponholders

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
against (A) any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on any such Noteholder or 
Couponholder or required to be withheld or deducted from any payment to such Noteholder or 
Couponholder as a consequence of such substitution and (B) any costs or expenses of the act of such 
substitution, except that (provided that such company is incorporated in Italy) such company shall 
not be liable under such indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on account of imposta 
sostitutiva or on account of any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or 
other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy and 
(c) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with.  
15.2 
Meetings in respect of Notes issued by TIM  
In respect of Notes issued by TIM, the Trust Deed contains provisions consistent with the laws, 
legislation, rules and regulations of the Republic of Italy (including without limitation Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended) for convening meetings of the Noteholders (which 
may be at a physical location or by way of conference call or videoconference) to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including any modifications of the Conditions or of any provisions of 
the Trust Deed. The above provisions are subject to compliance with mandatory laws, rules and 
regulations of the Republic of Italy in force from time to time. 
The quorum and the majorities for passing resolutions at any such meetings are established by 
Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and TIM’s 
by-laws. 
Resolutions passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether 
or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. In accordance with the Italian Civil 
Code, a rappresentante comune, being a joint representative of Noteholders, may be appointed in 
accordance with Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ interest 
hereunder and to give execution to the resolutions of the meeting of the Noteholders.  
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with TIM to the substitution in place 
of TIM (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 15.2) as the principal debtor under the 
Notes, Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being any entity that may succeed to, or to 
which TIM (or any previous substitute under this Condition 15.2) may transfer, all or substantially 
all of the assets and business of TIM (or any previous substitute under this Condition 15.2) by 
operation of law, contract or otherwise, subject to (a) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of 
the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution and (b) certain other conditions 
set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. As long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in the case of such a substitution, TIM will advise the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, a supplement to this EMTN Programme Prospectus will be prepared and the 
Noteholders will be notified in accordance with Condition 14.  
15.3 
Waiver, authorisation, determination and exercise by the Trustee of discretions etc.  
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that 
any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated 
as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any 
modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct an error which is manifest 
or, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the 
Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances 
and as otherwise set out in Condition 5.3(d) without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter.  
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but 
shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders 
or Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political 
subdivision thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or any other 
person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 
and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 8 pursuant 
to the Trust Deed.  
16. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER AND/OR THE GUARANTOR  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified to its 
satisfaction.  
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued 
by TI Finance) and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any 
other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case 
of Notes issued by TI Finance) and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and 
enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such 
transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or 
consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account 
for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.  
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES  
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes.  
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999  
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.  
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  
19.1 
Governing law  
The Trust Deed, the Securities and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons are governed

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save, in respect of Notes issued by TIM, 
for Condition 15 and the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning the meeting of Noteholders and 
the appointment of the rappresentante comune in respect of the Notes which are subject to 
compliance with Italian law. The provisions of Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law on 
commercial companies of 10 August 1915, as amended, are excluded. 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction  
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons including 
any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and 
accordingly each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI 
Finance), to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of 
Notes issued by TI Finance) waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are 
an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of 
any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance) irrevocably 
appoints TI Sparkle UK Limited at 6 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3DJ as its agent for service 
of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in 
the event of TI Sparkle UK Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of 
any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for 
its general corporate purposes, as well as for any other purpose as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
including to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, existing and/or new Eligible Projects in accordance 
with the TIM Group Sustainability Financing Framework. Specifically, Green Eligible Projects (i.e. Energy 
Efficiency, Renewable Energy, Circular Economy) and Social Eligible Projects (i.e. Digital Inclusion, 
Response to health crisis such as Covid-19), are “Eligible Projects” and constitute the Eligible Project 
Portfolio (as defined in the Tim Group Sustainability Financing Framework). Going forward, TIM may 
extend the categories of Eligible Projects and any changes will be documented in an updated TIM Group 
Sustainability Financing Framework 
TIM Group Sustainability Financing Framework means the Sustainability Financing Framework 
published by TIM on 9 December 2020, aimed at providing transparency for TIM's green, social and 
sustainability financing instruments, and available on the Issuer’s website in the investor relations section at 
https: https://www.gruppotim.it/en/investors/sustainable-finance/sustainability-financing-framework.html 3. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the TIM Group Sustainability Financing Framework is neither incorporated into, 
nor form part of, the EMTN Programme Prospectus. 
 
                                                     
3  
Please note that the information on the website do not form part of the EMTN Programme Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved 
by the competent authority.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF TIM 
The legal name of the company is Telecom Italia S.p.A. also named “TIM S.p.A.”.  
The Annual Shareholders Meeting held on 25 May 2016 approved an amendment to the company’s by-laws, 
permitting the company to be named “Telecom Italia S.p.A.” or “TIM S.p.A.”.  
TIM is a joint-stock company established under Italian law on 29 October 1908, with registered offices in 
Milan at Via Gaetano Negri 1. The telephone number is +39 (02) 85951. TIM is recorded in the Milan 
Companies Register at number 00488410010, R.E.A. (Repertorio Economico Amministrativo) at number 
1580695 and R.A.E.E. (Rifiuti di Apparecchiature Elettriche ed Elettroniche) register at number 
IT08020000000799.  
The duration of TIM, as stated in the company’s by-laws, extends until 31 December 2100.  
TIM’s website is https://www.gruppotim.it/en.html. The information on https://www.gruppotim.it/en.html 
does not form part of this EMTN Programme Prospectus, except where that information has been 
incorporated by reference into this EMTN Programme Prospectus. 
After the effectiveness of the demerger of Telco S.p.A. (previously the largest shareholder of TIM and 
whose investors were Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Mediobanca S.p.A. and 
Telefónica S.A.), on 24 June 2015, Vivendi, an integrated media and content group based in France, became 
TIM’s largest shareholder with an ownership stake in TIM equal to 14.9% of Ordinary Shares. In the 
following months, Vivendi further increased its shareholding in TIM and, as of July 2021, Vivendi holds 
23.75% of the ordinary share capital of TIM. Vivendi does not hold Savings Shares and does not have 
different voting rights in meetings of ordinary shareholders of TIM. 
As at July 2021, on the basis of the results of the Shareholders’ Register, the communications made to 
Consob and to TIM pursuant to art. 120 of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 and 
other available information(*), the significant shareholdings in the ordinary share capital of TIM S.p.A. are: 
 
 
 
As of July 2021 
 
Type of 
ownership 
No. Ordinary 
Shares 
% of ordinary share 
capital 
Vivendi S.A. 
(direct) 
3,640,109,990 
23.75 
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A 
(direct) 
1,503,750,000 
 9.81 
Canada Pension Plan Investment Board  
(direct/indirect) 
488,689,693  
 3.19 
 
(*)  On 14 April 2021, the temporary rules on enhanced transparency regarding changes in major holdings and statements concerning investment objectives ended. As 
such, as of that date, the ordinary rules will once again be applicable, as per article 120 paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance (TUF), which provides for 
the obligation to notify the investee company and Consob when the stake held exceeds 3% of the capital with voting rights in a listed company. 
As of the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus no further information about the shareholders’ 
ownership is available. 
TIM complies with applicable Italian corporate governance rules. For additional details on corporate 
governance 
of 
the 
TIM 
Group, 
reference 
should 
be 
made 
to 
the 
corporate 
website: 
https://www.gruppotim.it/en.html, (section “Group” / “Governance” / “Governance tools” / “Corporate 
Governance Report”), where the Annual report on corporate governance is available.  
TIM’s business objectives can be found in Article 3 of its by-laws.  
Overview of the TIM Group’s Major Business Areas

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
TIM is the parent company of the TIM Group. 
The following is a chart of the TIM Group’s Business Units as of 31 December 2020: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __________________  
(*) 
Business Unit. 
Share Capital 
The table below contains a breakdown of the share capital of TIM as at 31 March 2021: 
 
Number of  
Shares 
Value 
 
 
(€) 
Issued, paid and relevant filing made with the  
Company Register 
 
 
Ordinary Shares (1) ..................................................................
15,329,466,496  
8,381,329,775.88  
Savings Shares (1) ....................................................................
6,027,791,699  
3,295,673,079.22 
Total .......................................................................................
21,357,258,195  
11,677,002,855.10  
 __________________  
Note: 
(1) 
All shares are without par value. 
Business Unit  
Key financial data prepared in accordance with IFRS as of 31 December 2020 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the TIM Group was organised by business segment as follows: 
TIM Group 
Domestic (Italy)(*) 
Brazil(*) 
 
Fiberco Soluções De Infraestrutura Ltda 
 
Tim Brasil Serviços e Participações S.A. 
- TIM S.A.  
 
 
Consumer 
Business 
Wholesale National Market 
Wholesale International Market: 
Telecom Italia Sparkle group 
- Telecom Italia Sparkle S.p.A. 
- South American subsidiaries 
- North American subsidiaries 
- European subsidiaries 
 
Other (INWIT S.p.A. and support 
structures)

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(i) 
Domestic Business Unit: includes operations in Italy for voice and data services on fixed 
and mobile networks for end customers (retail) and other operators (wholesale); the 
operations of the Telecom Italia Sparkle group, which, at international level (Europe, the 
Mediterranean and South America), develops fibre optic networks for wholesale customers; 
the operations of Olivetti (products and services for Information Technology); and, up to 31 
2020, INWIT S.p.A. (a company operating in the electronic communications infrastructure 
sector, and in particular the infrastructure for hosting radio transmission equipment for 
mobile telephone networks, both for TIM and other operators); and the units supporting the 
domestic sector.  
The principal operating and financial data of the Domestic Business Unit are reported according to the 
following cash-generating unit (“CGU”): 
o Consumer: the segment consists of all fixed and mobile voice and internet services and products 
managed and developed for individuals and families and of public telephony; customer care, 
operating credit support, loyalty and retention activities, sales within its remit, and administrative 
management of customers; includes the company TIM Retail, which coordinates the activities of 
flagship stores;  
o Business: the segment consists of voice, data, and Internet services and products, and ICT solutions 
managed and developed for small and medium-size enterprises, Small Offices/Home Offices 
(“SOHOs”), top customers, the public sector, large accounts and enterprises in the fixed and mobile 
telecommunications markets. The following companies are included: Olivetti, TI Trust Technologies 
and Telsy and, starting from June 2020, the Noovle Group; 
o National Wholesale Market: the segment consists of the management and development of the 
portfolio of regulated and unregulated wholesale services for Fixed-line and Mobile 
telecommunications operators in the domestic market. The following companies are included: TI 
San Marino and Telefonia Mobile Sammarinese; 
o International Wholesale Market: includes the activities of the Telecom Italia Sparkle group, which 
operates in the market for international voice, data and internet services for fixed and mobile 
telecommunications operators, ISPs/ASPs (wholesale market) and multinational companies through 
its own networks in the European, Mediterranean and South American markets; 
o Other includes: 
- 
INWIT S.p.A.: operates in the electronic communications infrastructure sector, specifically 
relating to infrastructure for housing radio transmission equipment for mobile telephone 
networks, both for TIM and other operators. In 2020, the TIM Group’s equity investment in 
INWIT S.p.A. recorded various changes due to the multiple transactions involving the 
corporate structure, starting with the merger by incorporation of Vodafone Towers S.r.l. into 
INWIT S.p.A.  
- 
Other Operations Units: covering technological innovation and development, engineering, 
construction and operating processes for network infrastructures, IT, real estate properties 
and plant engineering; the Flash Fiber company and open access operations connected with 
delivery and assurance of customer services are also included, until September 2019 
included in the wholesale segment and then reclassified following the change in 
organisational structure;  
- 
Staff & Other: services performed by the staff departments and other support activities 
carried out by minor companies, including the company Persidera, sold on 2 December 2019 
and included in the financial data and cash flows for the first few months of 2019.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
(ii) 
The Brasil Business Unit (TIM Brasil Group). TIM Brasil is a telecommunications 
company that offers mobile voice and data services, broadband internet access, value-added 
services, and other telecommunications services and products in the Brazilian market. These 
services are provided through 5G DSS, 4G, 3G and GSM technologies. TIM Brasil is the 
leader in 4G coverage, spanning to almost 4,000 cities and utilising multiple frequencies 
(700 MHz, 1.8 GHz, 2.1 GHz and 2.5 GHz) following the combination of refarming and 
carrier aggregation strategies. With the acquisitions of Intelig Telecomunicações (now TIM 
S.A.), Tim Fiber RJ and Tim Fiber SP (now merged into TIM S.A.), TIM Brasil’s portfolio 
of services has been expanded by offering fiber optic data transmission using full IP 
technology, such as DWDM and MPLS and offering business and residential broadband 
services. TIM Live (the residential product) closed 2020 with 645,000 connections (+14% 
YoY), with almost half of them in FTTH technology, and provides mobile telephony 
services using UMTS, GSM and LTE technologies. Moreover, the TIM Brasil Group offers 
fibre optic data transmission using full IP technology, such as DWDM and MPLS and 
residential broadband services. 
(iii) 
Other Operations: includes the financial companies Telecom Italia Capital S.A. and Telecom Italia 
Finance S.A. and other minor companies not strictly related to the TIM Group’s core business.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
The table below sets forth revenues, operating profit (loss) and capital expenditures by Business Units, for 
each of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 and number of employees as of 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019: 
 
 
 
 
Domestic 
Brazil 
Other 
Operations 
Adjustments and 
eliminations 
Consolidated 
Total 
 
 
(millions of euro, except number of employees) 
Revenues (1) 
 
2020 
 
12,905
2,933
-
(33)
15,805
 
 
2019 
 
14,078
3,937
-
(41)
17,974
Operating profit (loss) 
 
2020 
 
1,635
476
(9)
2
2,104
 
 
2019 
 
1,887
1,297
(10)
1
3,175
Capital expenditures on an accrual basis 
 
2020 
 
2,748
661
-
-
3,409
 
 
2019 
 
2,912
872
-
-
3,784
Number of employees at year-end (2) 
 
2020 
 
42,925
9,409
13
-
52,347
 
 
2019 
 
45,496
9,689
13
-
55,198
 __________________  
(1) Revenues are total revenues of the various business units of the TIM Group before elimination of intercompany sales (but after elimination of 
sales between companies within the same major business area). 
(2) The number of employees at year-end excludes employees related to the consolidated companies considered as Discontinued operations/Non-
current assets held for sale, and includes personnel with temporary work contracts.  
For a description of the business units of the TIM Group as at 31 March 2021, please refer to the TIM 
Group’s Financial Information at 31 March 2021 incorporated by reference in this EMTN Programme 
Prospectus.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Strategy 
Two years of preparation 
On 23 February 2021, TIM’s Board of Directors approved the Plan. The new plan 2021 – 2023 has been 
built on the previous ones. 
The 2019 plan “Deliver and Delever” set the foundation of transformation, with important goals already 
achieved, such as:  
 
cash flow generation and debt reduction (with results above the target);  
 
a stabilised governance, dramatically improved with positive dynamics in board; 
 
the development of Brazil, with the acquisition of Oi mobile assets with Vivo and Claro, 
strengthening the core, and the network sharing partnership with Vivo; and 
 
the creation of optionality for value creation, through Inwit-Vodafone towers merger, the co-
investment in FiberCop with KKR and Fastweb, the partnership with Google and cloud/data centre 
carve out. 
Furthermore, the 2020 plan “Operation Time” succeeded in:  
 
stabilising the customer base, with fixed CB growing in last quarter 2020 for the first time since 
2001, and mobile MNP stabilised, with an improved pricing environment;  
 
cost cutting, by working on processes and organisation, and, in 2020, already reaching the target set 
for 2022; 
 
transforming TIM Vision in the richest content platform in Italy; and 
 
executing the ESG plan, meeting both ESG and financial guidance. 
In these two years the key infrastructure (fixed, mobile and data centres) has been transformed, with 
increasing coverage, particularly in the so-called white areas of the country, progressively upgrading to 
newer technologies. 
The sharing business models have also been introduced to optimise the return on capital and reassess for 
hidden value, which made TIM stronger in its core business with a clear business model that makes it 
possible to deploy the best technology at higher returns. TIM followed this template in the INWIT Vodafone 
towers merger, in the FiberCop co-investment scheme with KKR and Fastweb, in the Google alliance in 
cloud and data centres, and in the acquisition of Oi, together with Vivo and Claro 
Strategic Priorities and Objectives for the 2021 – 2023 Strategic Plan 
After these achievements, the new plan can raise the bar: “beyond connectivity” towards growth.  
The plan is built on the previous models, enabled by the innovative infrastructure –  lean and well organised, 
in order to win market share in adjacent markets.  
The objective is to use convergence beyond mere connectivity to strongly expand our business into a number 
of growth markets, while continuing to improve our traditional core on a daily basis. 
Pillars of this plan are: 
1. unique commercial proposition: being the connectivity quality leader provider in Italy, and leveraging on 
an integrated platform to develop new digital services through an ecosystem of tech partners; 
2. best technological infrastructure: further UBB deployment and technological upgrading; 
3. improved operational excellence: improved KPIs and reduced cost structure; 
4. leaner organisational model: superior capabilities and efficiency; and 
5. central role of ESG objective: confirming the long-term targets presented last year and improving the 
term objectives; TIM is adopting industry-specific sustainability accounting standards, anticipating

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
taxonomy, and so beating environmental targets for science-based validation. This plan supports Italy’s 
acceleration towards sustainable development, which the new government has cited as a priority.  
 
Moving into adjacent markets requires specialisation, accountability and focus. TIM is supporting this new 
specialised offering in most relevant digital services through a vertical specialised factories approach in: 
 
its cloud data centre business, with a new company called Noovle, targeting 1 billion euro in 
revenue in 2024;   
 
cybersecurity, with Telsy aiming to be the reference partner for enterprises and government; 
 
integrated IoT, with Olivetti being a leading Italian E2E business services solution provider;  
 
international wholesale with Sparkle, targeting double-digit CAGR for EBITDA, as it will expand 
market share serving a wider set of customers, as leading E2E connectivity partner for operators, 
MNOs, including OTTs and enterprises in more geographies, and building and selling infrastructure; 
and  
 
Contents: TIM Vision becoming a true national champion, with a dedicated organisation and a team 
of experts in media and content. PayTV is indeed an increasingly important pillar of TIM 
convergence strategy and in consumer segment.  
All of TIM’s business units will play a key role in achieving the main financial and sustainability objectives 
of the 2021 – 2023 Plan.  
 
Consumer: focus on providing the best convergent solutions for UBB and content for the 
household. Key strategic priorities are:  
 
Quadruple Play TIM Vision enhanced offer: by enlarging the 4P proposition (fixed + 
mobile + contents + smart home) and by improving the TIM Vision offering, with new 
services and partnerships with the best-in-class player;  
 
Digital sales channels and stores redesign, with data driven Customer Value Management 
(“CVM”) (using big data and artificial intelligence for micro customer segmentation, 
followed by specific marketing and gearing actions), moving channel remix toward pull and 
digital, increasing stores’ productivity with convergent products and new compensation, 
promoting sales excellence through industrialisation across all channels, and a dedicated go-
to-market to accelerate FTTH take up;  
 
Touchpoints digitisation, with AI to enhance customer experience and reduce human 
intervention, and redesigned “customer journey” (e.g. order tracking for fixed and mobile 
prospects, new booking process); and 
 
the largest network coverage at the highest speed: video is one of the killer applications for 
ultrabroadband, and TIM is capable of providing multiple video streams with customers 
across the entire country.  
 
Business: convergence is now at the heart of the TIM business offering. We offer end-to-end IoT 
cloud solutions for enterprise and public administration, including a dedicated one-to-one approach 
for high-value accounts and a turnkey ICT offering for SMEs and SOHOs with a new dedicated 
sales channel. In short, connectivity and beyond for the entire Italian corporate world. Key strategic 
priorities are:  
 
Unique one-stop-shop solution, with comprehensive cloud solution package and end-to-end 
IoT solutions for TOP customers, and a turnkey ICT offering for SMEs, jointly developed 
with “factories” and partners (Payments, VoIP, Cybersecurity, Cloud);

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
Evolved distribution model, with capability building programme, new sales and marketing 
tools (account planning, CRM, marketing campaigns) and re-engineered salesforce channel 
to win in ICT for TOP customers; push convergence and ICT products, an improved 
segmentation with dedicated loyalty offerings for SME customers, and a new dedicated 
SoHo channel with a specific incentives scheme; and 
 
Improved caring and assistance, with dedicated support for high-value accounts with a one-
to-one approach for TOP customers; redesigned processes and systems to sustain premium 
positioning for SME customers, and a new dedicated SoHo channel with specific incentives 
scheme.  
 
Wholesale: enhancing the ultrabroadband offering, non-regulated services and going beyond 
connectivity, even for competitors (by offering, for example, the data centre services). TIM is 
offering its competitors cloud services, security and IoT internationally. Key strategic priorities:  
 
On National wholesale, co-investment: commercial agreements to develop FTTH with both 
existing and new customers, turnkey offers (One-Step) to increase customer satisfaction, and 
increase competitiveness of Bitstream/NGA; growth of non-regulated services by 
strengthening TIM’s offering and role as backhaul provider by reviewing commercial offers 
of High Quality Connectivity (Geaand Giganet); and expand offering to Data Center 
Services.  
 
On international wholesale, growth targeting new segments and geographies for Sparkle, by 
offering core connectivity and E2E enterprise partner a new integrated portfolio of Security, 
IoT and Cloud services; cross-segment enablers (e.g. building partnerships with 
Hyperscalers/OTTs and collaborations with TIM factories).  
 
Further OpEx optimisation: although two years ahead with its OpEx plan, TIM will continue to 
optimise cost, with some initiatives yet to fulfil their potential. As main examples, TIM will continue 
to use pre-retirement schemes and optimise channel mix with improved bad debt. Further initiatives 
will be the increase of self-care and faults prediction through AI, the optimisation of the real estate 
footprint, the adoption of new operating models (automation, remotisation, consolidation), and 
streamlined procurement through massive insourcing, demand-shaping, should-costing and 
designing to value.  
In addition, by thinking out of the box, TIM will monetise efficiency improvements in infrastructure 
by selling so-called white certificates to less virtuous companies that are obliged to compensate for 
buying these certificates.  
 
On CapEx, TIM plan will take over 76% of the black and grey areas with FTTH by 2025 and reach 
5G national coverage by 2025/2026, with ROI-driven mobile/fixed access development (4G and 5G, 
FWA, FTTx) to close the digital divide, the FTTH roll-out with new model delivery, assurance, 
deployment, and the decommissioning of legacy systems.  
Moreover, FiberCop’s co-investment approach, designed in accordance with to the new European 
telecommunication code, envisages sharing risk with co-investing operators and easing regulation. 
As for contribution to the Plan expected from TIM Brasil, the strategic pillars for the 2021 – 2023 plan 
represent a continuation of the path started in 2015. The solid result confirms the consistency of the strategy. 
The plan includes: 
 
the continuation of strengthening the core, accelerating the transition from volume to value in 
mobile, capturing a larger piece of the broadband opportunity, closing the spectrum gap and 
capturing additional value after the acquisition of Oi assets;

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
building the future with new growth opportunities to develop other sources of revenue (e.g. IoT, C6, 
mobile advertising, customer data monetisation, health, education) leveraging the customer base 
platform through ecosystem and partnerships, creating a real consumer platform approach;  
 
implementing transformational projects in the infrastructure (e.g. 5G, ORAN, M-MIMO, 
cloudification);  
 
boosting efficiency through digitalisation, automation and new operating models, leveraging skills 
and capabilities enhancement;  
 
strengthening and consolidating the ESG proposition, making a positive transformation.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Competition in the domestic market 
The market  
During 2020 the Italian TLC market continued to show a decline in value due to strong competition and the 
effects of the health emergency. 
The Sars-Covid 2 pandemic, which hit Italy before the other European countries, had consequences for the 
economy, social behaviour and digital habits, also triggering impacts on the market and telecommunications 
industry. 
From the beginning of March to the middle of May, during the so-called ‘lock-down period’, restrictive 
measures were imposed on economic activities and social behaviour, which triggered significant phenomena 
with effects on the use of ICT services, such as: widespread introduction of smart working in Italian 
companies and the public administration; strong growth in the use of most digital services including those of 
the public administration; a sudden increase in video communication services for private and business needs; 
and a massive spread of distance learning services made necessary by the momentary interruption of face-to-
face lessons in universities and in schools of all levels. 
The main effect for telecommunications networks was a sudden increase in traffic which, in the period 15-30 
March 2020, exceeded 70% with peaks of 90% (in particular during the workday); on average in 2020, data 
traffic increase vs 2019 has been 65% in the fixed line network and 56% in the mobile network. This result 
highlighted a strong unexpressed potential in use of digital tools that came to light as a result of restrictions. 
With regard to long-term trends, the development of broadband and ultrabroadband continues to be the main 
element of market evolution. The greater availability of ultrabroadband will increasingly allow operators to 
develop convergent offers that combine TLC services with media and entertainment services, IT services, 
and digital services. The offer of these services will further boost customer adoption of broadband. 
The Italian telecommunications market remains highly competitive, with the greatest impact of market 
dynamics on voice and data connectivity services. Furthermore, in the new digital world, 
telecommunications operators have to deal with Over The Top (OTT) and device manufacturers with 
completely different assets and competitive logics. 
The traditional business models of the various players have therefore changed over time to take advantage of 
new opportunities and contain the threats of new entrants:  
 
in the media and entertainment sector, due to the growing importance of the web as a 
complementary distribution platform, which is experiencing profound transformations. The 
television market in Italy in 2020 saw the further development of video OTT on demand (VOD and 
SVOD) services, combined with the growing diffusion of OTT services that include linear video 
content. The centrality of the broadband network in these new modes of use sees subjects such as the 
aforementioned OTTs, telecommunications operators and consumer electronics manufacturers 
acquiring an increasingly important role; 
 
in the information and communication technology market, where, although growing overall in 2020, 
the traditional fixed and mobile TLC component tends to contract in favour of IT components 
related to digital transformation, especially of large companies, for example with adoption of cloud 
solutions for their technological infrastructures. In this sector, therefore, we are witnessing a 
strengthening of telecommunications operators, also through partnerships, to intercept the growth 
that in the coming years should be driven by the digitization of SMEs and by regulatory adjustments, 
such as those increasingly stringent relating to IT security;

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
consumer electronics manufacturers can develop service platforms that can be used via the Internet 
by leveraging the possession of the terminal and managing the user experience, disintermediating the 
customer relationship with the TLC operator.  
As regards the current positioning of telecommunications operators in converging markets, the following are 
highlighted, as partly anticipated above, with differentiated levels of evolution: 
 
the development of new services in the media and entertainment sector (TV, Music, Gaming) and 
new digital services (smart home, digital advertising, mobile payment-digital identity);  
 
the development of Innovative Services in the IT market, in particular in the Cloud, IoT and 
Cybersecurity fields.  
After the awarding of frequencies in 2018 and the launch of the service by TIM and Vodafone in 2019, 2020 
was characterised by the progressive deployment of the 5G network and the launch of 5G by WindTre, 
Fastweb and Iliad. 
All operators are moving to seize the various opportunities in the area. 
Competition in Fixed-Line Telecommunications  
The fixed telecommunications market continues to be characterised on the one hand by the decline in 
revenues from access and voice and on the other by the growth in revenues from broadband and 
ultrabroadband. In recent years, operators have focused mainly on the development of penetration of 
broadband and ultrabroadband and on the defence of voice through the introduction of “bundled” voice, 
broadband and services packages, in a context of high competition with consequent pressure on prices. 
After four quarters of constant decrease, beginning in June 2020, the total number of fixed lines recorded a 
significant increase compared to the previous quarter; eventually in December, a new increase vs previous 
period closed 2020 as stable vs 2019, interrupting the year-on-year decrease. 
The market scenario highlights significant infrastructural interventions, as well as by TIM, also by other 
parties, first of all Open Fiber (a company controlled by ENEL and CDP), Infratel (a company of the 
ministry of economic development) and Fastweb which have presented and are conducting extensive 
development plans for their fiber optic telecommunications networks in many areas of the country. 
On 31 August 2020 TIM communicated the agreement with KKR Infrastructure and Fastweb relating to the 
establishment of FiberCop, the NewCo which unifies TIM’s secondary network (from the street cabinet 
equipment to customers’ homes) and the fibre network developed by FlashFiber, the joint venture owned by 
TIM (80%) and Fastweb (20%). 
On the same day, TIM signed a letter of intent with CDP Equity (CDPE) aimed at creating the largest single 
national network project (AccessCo) through the merger between FiberCop and Open Fiber. According to 
the agreement, TIM will hold at least 50.1% of AccessCo and the independence and impartiality of the 
company will be guaranteed through a governance mechanism shared with CDPE. 
Both initiatives are open to co-investment with other operators. 
The competitive scenario of the Italian fixed telecommunications market is also characterised by the 
presence, in addition to TIM, of operators such as WindTre, Fastweb, Vodafone, Tiscali, which show 
business models focused on different market segments. 2020 saw Sky’s entry into the ultrabroadband 
connectivity sector with the Sky WiFi offer.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
In 2020, Sky’s offer was based on a wholesale agreement signed with Open Fiber, and new agreements to 
other wholesale operators (including Fastweb) have been announced. The agreement with Fastweb was 
signed in January 2021.  
At the end of 2020, total fixed accesses in Italy (including OLO Infrastructured and FWA-Fixed Wireless 
Access accesses) are stable vs the previous year. Competition in the access market has produced a gradual 
reduction in TIM’s market share. 
As regards the broadband market, there is a progressive increase in the penetration of ultrabroadband lines 
with speeds exceeding 30 mbps compared to the total of broadband and ultrabroadband lines. The spread of 
broadband continues to be driven not only by enabling devices (e.g. smart TV, smart speaker, connected 
devices) but also by the growing demand for speed and enabling new IP services that are being very widely 
diffused (media and entertainment, IT, digital services). 
 
Competition in Mobile Telecommunications  
In Mobile market rationalisation of second and third Human SIM cards continues, as does the growth of SIM 
Machine to Machine (M2M). 
Alongside innovative services that have already taken off and are in full development, as in the case of 
mobile apps, there are several other market areas, associated with the development of mobile broadband, 
with significant growth potential in the medium term, such as the Internet of Things and Mobile Payment. 
The competitive scenario of the Italian mobile telecommunications market in 2020 continues to be 
characterised by an aggressive offer from the operator Iliad in terms of price and volume of data offered, 
slightly moderated compared to the previous two years. The operator continues to gain customers and 
consequently market share to the detriment of other infrastructure operators, mainly those with the highest 
market share.  
The above scenario continued to lead to a decline in spending on services, even if there is an easing of the 
competitive pressure on tariffs with the main mobile operators increasing bundle prices as a more-for-more 
positioning, increasing quality of services offered and network performance. 
The 5G competition has started with the simultaneous presence of TIM, Vodafone, WindTre, Iliad and 
Fastweb for mobile offers and progressive coverage of the main cities. The spread of 5G has also started in 
the business segment, enabling specialised solutions for vertical markets; already one in five companies has 
undertaken the steps for using this new technology as an enabler of the digitisation of production processes. 
 
Competition in the Brazilian market 
At the end of 2020, the Brazilian mobile market reached 234.1 million lines, which is 7.4 million lines (or 
+3.3%) higher than at the end of 2019. In the past 12 months, postpaid net additions reached 9.6 million 
users and surpassed the 2.3 million drop in prepaid users for the first time in five years. At the end of 2020, 
postpaid lines (including M2M) represented 51% of the total market. Mobile market shares in Brazil are 
changing following the market consolidation process initiated in 2019: Vivo (a subsidiary of Telefonica 
Spain) remains the leader with 33.6%, Claro (America Movil’s subsidiary) after the acquisition of Netxel 
(NII subsidiary) reached 27%, TIM Brasil remains third with 22%, and Oi (Brazilian company in judicial 
recovery) is fourth, with 15.7%.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
REGULATION 
As a telecommunications operator, the TIM Group is subject to sector-specific telecommunications 
regulations, general competition law and a variety of other regulations, including privacy and security, which 
can have a direct and material effect on the Group’s business areas.  
This section describes the legislative framework and the recent legislative key developments.  
THE EU REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
TIM’s operations within the European Union (EU) are subject to the EU regulatory framework for electronic 
communications networks and services, which includes directives, regulations, recommendations and 
communications. As a Member State of the EU, Italy is required to transpose directives issued by the EU 
into national legislation. The regulations are applicable and binding for any Member State without the need 
of transposition into national law. Recommendations and communications are, as well, directly applicable, 
but they are not legally binding: National Regulatory Authorities (NRAs) and Member States have to take 
them into account in their activities.  
NRAs are independent bodies tasked with regulating and supervising the telecommunications sector and 
compliance with the EU framework in each Member State. In Italy, this body is “Autorità Garante per le 
Comunicazioni” (AGCom) while the Ministry of Economic Development (MISE) is responsible for national 
broadband plan, spectrum and numbering management, integrity and security of the network. 
Until 19 December 2018, the EU Regulatory Framework was based on five directives (“Framework”, 
“Access and Interconnection”, “Authorisation”, “Universal Service and Users’ Rights” and “Privacy and 
Data Protection” together, the Directives) that regulate all forms of fixed and wireless telecommunications 
and data transmission. In Italy, the Directives have been transposed into the “Codice delle comunicazioni 
elettroniche” (Electronic Communications Code – ECC) which is currently in force.  
On 20 December 2018, Directive (EU) 2018/1972 establishing the European Electronic Communication 
Code (the EECC) entered into force. The Directive reviews and combines in one document the 
“Framework”, “Access and Interconnection”, “Authorisation” and “Universal Service and Users’ Rights” 
Directives (the revision of the Privacy and Data Protection Directive, the so-called e-privacy Directive, is 
ongoing under separate proceedings), On the same date, Regulation 2018/1971 also entered into force 
replacing the former Body of European Regulators for Electronic Communications (BEREC) Regulation 
(EC) 1211/2009. The transposition of the EECC into the law of each Member State was due by 21 December 
2020. The Italian Law no. 53 of 22 April 2021 (2019-2020 European delegation law) identified at article 4 
the principles and criteria for transposing the Directive (EU) 2018/1972, and the adoption of the Decree is 
forthcoming. 
The EECC includes measures to promote wholesale-only models of investments and stimulate investments 
in very high capacity network (VHCN), new rules on spectrum (e.g. minimum licence duration) to improve 
certainty on investment return, changes to regulation of services, introducing an improved level playing field 
between telecom operators and new over-the-top-players (OTT players), and the introduction, in the scope of 
Universal Service Obligation (USO), of the affordability for consumers (with low income or special social 
needs) of adequate broadband internet access service and voice communications services at least at a fixed 
location.  
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2018/1971, by amending Regulation (EU) 2015/2120, introduces price caps for 
5 years to be applied from 15 May 2019 on Intra-EU international fixed and mobile calls (Euro cents (“c€”) 
19/min+VAT) and SMS (c€ 6/SMS+VAT) for consumers. 
The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/654 of 18 December 2020 concerning EU maximum 
termination published in the OJEU of 22 April 2021 sets the single maximum EU-wide wholesale rates for 
fixed and mobile voice termination at 0.07 €cent/min and 0.2 €cent/min respectively. The EU-wide caps

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
shall apply from 1 July 2021, replacing the regulated fixed and mobile termination rates set by individual 
NRAs. For the mobile rate a three-year glide path applies to allow a smooth transition to the target price: 0.7 
€cent/min (0.67 €cent/min for Italy) up to end-2021, 0.55 €cent/min in 2022 and 0.4 €cent/min in 2023). 
The Commission Recommendation EU 2020/2245 of 18 December 2020 on “relevant product and service 
markets susceptible to ex ante regulation” (Commission’s Recommendation on relevant markets) completes 
this set of legal instruments with the definition of a list of relevant markets “whose characteristics may be 
such as to justify the imposition of regulatory obligations”. Since the first Recommendation in 2003, 
following the growth of the competition in the whole sector, the number of relevant markets subject to ex 
ante regulation has been reduced over time from 18 to 2: 
 
1) 
wholesale local access provided at a fixed location; and  
2) 
wholesale dedicated capacity. 
In September 2016, through the Gigabit Society Communication, the EC set the following (not binding) 
additional targets for the year 2025: 
 
gigabit connectivity for all main socio-economic drivers such as schools, transport hubs and main 
providers of public services as well as digitally intensive enterprises; 
 
connectivity of at least 100 mbps download (upgradable to gigabit speed) for all European 
households;  
 
uninterrupted 5G coverage for all urban areas and major terrestrial transport routes (as an interim 
target, 5G should be commercially available in at least one major city in each EU Member State by 
2020). 
On 9 March 2021, the Commission adopted the Communication COM (2021) 118 final concerning 2030 
digital compass: the European way for the digital decade. The communication sets targets and avenues for a 
successful digital transformation of Europe by 2030 focusing on four cardinal points: 
1) 
digitally skilled citizens and highly skilled digital professionals: at least 80% of all adults with basic 
digital skills and 20 million employed ICT specialists in the EU (with more women taking up such 
jobs); 
2) 
secure, performant and sustainable digital infrastructures: gigabit connectivity for all EU households 
and 5G coverage for all populated areas; the production of cutting-edge and sustainable 
semiconductors in Europe should be 20% of world production; 10,000 climate-neutral highly secure 
edge nodes in the EU; and first quantum computer in Europe; 
3) 
digital transformation of businesses: three out of four companies use cloud computing services, big 
data and artificial intelligence; more than 90% SMEs with at least a basic level of digital intensity; 
double of EU unicorns; 
4) digitalisation of public services: all key public services available online; all citizens have 
access to their e-medical records and 80% citizens use an eID solution. 
1. 
International Roaming  
Intra-EU roaming services are regulated by the roaming Regulation 531/2012 (the Roaming III 
Regulation), as amended by the Telecom Single Market Regulation 2015/2120 (the TSM Regulation) 
which provides for the abolishing of any roaming service surcharge on top of domestic service prices subject 
to “fair use” limits to avoid abuses, starting from 15 June 2017 (Roam Like at Home – RLAH regime). 
For intra-EU traffic exceeding the fair use limits, operators are allowed to levy a surcharge on top of 
domestic tariffs. Such a surcharge is capped at the following wholesale caps, established by the Regulation 
2017/920, which reviews the Roaming III Regulation wholesale caps.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Voice 
3,2 eurocents/min. 
SMS 
1 eurocent/min. 
Data 
7,7 euro/GB from 15/06/17 
6,0 euro/GB from 01/01/18 
4,5 euro/GB from 01/01/19 
3,5 euro/GB from 01/01/20 
3,0 euro/GB from 01/01/21 
2,5 euro/GB from 01/01/22 
 
The Regulation 231/2012 is currently under review. 
 
2. 
Net Neutrality 
The TSM Regulation introduces new rules on Net Neutrality, which have applied since April 2016. In 
particular, the TSM Regulation: 
 establishes the right of end-user access to distribute information and content, use and provide 
applications and services and use terminal equipment of their choice and forbids internet service 
providers from blocking or slowing down specific content, applications or services, except in a very 
limited set of circumstances; 
 allows reasonable traffic management aimed at improving the quality of the network based on 
objectively different technical quality of service requirements for specific categories of traffic. 
However, such traffic management must be transparent, non-discriminatory and proportionate and it 
must not be based on commercial considerations; 
 allows operators to offer services, other than internet access services, that are optimised for specific 
content, applications or services only if the network capacity is sufficient to provide them in 
addition to any internet access services provided and the offering of such services is not to the 
detriment of the availability or general quality of internet access services for end-users; and 
 allows commercial practices such as “zero rating”,4 subject to monitoring by the National Regulatory 
Authority. 
The TSM Regulation also places additional transparency obligations on providers of internet access services 
in addition to those already included in the Electronic Communications Regulatory Framework.  
 
3. 
Privacy and Data Protection  
TIM must comply with the General Data Protection Regulation UE 2016/679 (GDPR) since May 2018 (and 
with the provisions of the Italian privacy code still in force). The new regulation has adopted a risk based 
approach, allowing a higher flexibility for service providers to process personal data, while ensuring a high 
level of protection of personal data of individuals. The GDPR introduces administrative fines of up to 4% of 
an undertaking’s annual global turnover or up to Euro 20,000,000, whichever is higher, for breaching the 
new data protection rules. 
                                                     
4  Zero-rating (also called toll-free data or sponsored data) is the practice of mobile network operators (MNO), mobile virtual 
network operators (MVNO), and Internet Service Providers (ISP) not to charge end customers for data used by specific 
applications or internet services through their network, in limited or metered data plans. It allows customers to use provider-
selected content sources or data services like an app store, without worrying about bill shocks, which could otherwise occur if the 
same data was normally charged according to their data plans and volume caps. This has especially become an option to market 
4G networks, but has also been used in the past for SMS or other content services.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
TIM has put in place a specific project to carry out all the activities needed to ensure its compliance with the 
new rules introduced by the GDPR. 
While the GDPR is a horizontal regulation, applying to all categories of providers, TIM must comply also 
with the complementing sectorial rules (Directive 2002/58/EC, the so called “e-Privacy Directive”), 
currently under revision, which imposes additional limitation to the data processing by operators of 
electronic communications services. The EC proposal aligns the fines for non-compliance to the GDPR’s. 
THE ITALIAN REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
The main legal references for the electronic communications sector in Italy is the “Electronic 
Communications Code” (ECC), which transposed into national law the EU Access, Authorisation, 
Framework and Universal Service directives. With the law no. 119/2018 dated 18 December 2018, the 
Government amended the ECC introducing the power for AGCom to define adequate measures of 
investment remuneration to incentivise the merger of different access networks put under the control of a 
non-vertically integrated subject offering only wholesale network services.  
The new ECC, approved by the European Commission with Directive 2018/1972, had to be transposed into 
Italian law by 21 December 2020. At present the Italian Parliament has approved the European delegation 
law 2019-2020, which also incorporates the Directive 2018/1972, and the Government is working on the 
drafting of the final text of the new Electronic Communications Code. 
Moreover, there are other laws affecting TIM’s business which govern non-sectorial areas such as consumer, 
data and security protection and laws which govern specific aspects of the communication sector such as 
Legislative Decree no. 76/2020 and Legislative Decree no. 77/2021 (also known as “Decreti 
Semplificazioni”) which contain important simplification measures to speed up the completion of both 5G 
and the ultrabroadband fibre optic networks. 
MARKET ANALYSES  
 
The EU regulatory framework requires that National Regulatory Authorities to carry out market analyses 
before imposing obligations on individual operators having a significant market power (SMP) according to 
the specific EU guidelines.  
A description of the Italian wholesale market analyses is summarised below together with the main recent 
developments regarding the electronic communications markets.  
 
 
Wholesale fixed access markets  
AGCom published the final decision which regulates the period 2018-2021 on 8 August 2019 (Decision 
348/19/CONS). 
With reference to the most important issues of market analysis, AGCom took the following main decisions: 
o 
TIM confirmed as having SMP in the access markets in the whole national territory with the exclusion 
of the city of Milan, where the ex-ante regulation has been withdrawn; 
o 
in the municipalities considered “contestable” (26 for the first year of validity of the decision, and 
upgradable every 12 months), withdrawal of the cost orientation obligation for the copper and fibre 
bitstream services and the possibility to apply VULA prices lower than the average national amount 
starting from 2021, provided that NRA acknowledges an adequate competition level of alternative 
networks and a significant FTTH take-up in 2020 (whose target threshold was set by decision 
12/21/CONS); 
 
o 
2018 wholesale monthly rentals for copper and fibre equal to the ones set for 2017 except for VULA 
FTTC slightly reduced;

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
o 
gradual increase of full unbundling (LLU) and bitstream over copper rates for the period 2019-2021; 
o 
stability of the sub loop unbundling (SLU) rates for the period 2019-2021; 
o 
gradual decrease of the fibre access rates (VULA FTTC and FTTH) and differentiation of the price of 
the band from 2021 depending on whether the access line is over copper network or NGA;  
o 
reduction of decommissioning notice times and introduction of new measures to guarantee the 
transparency of the decommissioning process and the certainty of the timing; 
o 
vectoring usage allowed in the FTTC cabinets where the SLU is not deployed by alternative operators; 
o 
removal of ex ante replicability test for the majority of TIM’s retail offers. In particular, all retail offers 
(including bundles) considered “flagship” (with speed equal to or higher than 100 Mbit/s) will be 
notified to AGCom at the same time as their launch and will be subject to the supervision of AGCom ex 
post through the replicability test. 
 
Wholesale regulated prices (€ / line / month) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
LLU (copper local loop unbundling) 
8.61 
8.61 
8.76 
8.90 
SLU (sub loop unbundling) 
5.30 
5.30 
5.30 
5.30 
WLR POTS (Wholesale Line Rental POTS) 
11.06 
10.73 
10.88 
11.02 
WLR ISDN BRA (Wholesale Line Rental – ISDN BRA) 
13.67 
13.34 
13.49 
13.63 
Bitstream shared (copper) 
4.29 
4.35 
4.43 
4.52 
Bitstream naked (copper) 
12.46 
12.45 
12.58 
12.69 
VULA FTTC naked (30 Mbps) 
13.07 
13.59 
12.98 
12.50 
VULA FTTC naked (>30 Mbps) 
14.69 
VULA FTTH naked (consumer) * 
17.25 
15.66 
15.46 
15.20 
VULA FTTH naked (business) * 
48.01 
47.40 
46.61 
(*) price of “100/10 Mbps” offer until 2018; from 2019 onwards AGCom proposes differentiated prices for residential 
and business. 
 
In November 2020, AGCom ended a preliminary assessment of TIM’s voluntary separation project for the 
creation of FiberCop (the NewCo owning TIM’s secondary network controlled by TIM and participated by 
KKR Infrastructure fund and Fastweb), considering it “not manifestly unreasonable” and called for a public 
consultation on the project open to all the other telecoms players. According to the BEREC guidelines on 
separation and the Italian electronic communications code, AGCOM has to conduct a new fixed market 
analysis to assess the impact of TIM’s legal separation on the existing regulatory obligations. 
With decision 637/20/CONS, published in December 2020, AGCom started the proceeding concerning the 
coordinated analysis of the markets for fixed network access services pursuant to Article 50-ter of the Italian 
electronic communications code and, at the same time, launched the public consultation on the voluntary 
legal separation of TIM’s fixed access network. 
Once the first phase of consultation on the only FiberCop project (deadline 28 January 2021) is completed, 
AGCom is continuing the coordinated analysis having more elements available, both with reference to the 
framework of the rules (the transposition of new European Electronic Communications Code at national 
level and the adoption of the new Recommendation on relevant markets) and the first feedback from 
stakeholders on the overall impact of the FiberCop project on the markets for fixed position network access 
services. 
On January 2021, TIM invited all interested operators to join its co-investment offer, which aims to cover the 
provision of FTTH connections to households and businesses in 1,610 municipalities by 2025, and at the 
same time notified the offer to AGCom which is assessing its eligibility for exempting TIM from SMP ex

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
ante regulation in relation to these connections under article 76 of EECC. This project qualifies as a co-
investment project in accordance with EECC because it is open to any provider of electronic 
communications networks or services and is the first co-investment scheme that qualifies for regulatory relief 
under the European Electronic Communications Code. On April 2021 AGCom started market test with 
decision 110/21/CONS. Consultation ended last 7 June 2021. On 25 June 2021, TIM has extended its 
coverage plan to additional 968 municipalities in grey areas corresponding to additional 0.7 million 
Technical HHS covered in fibre. 
In this way, the TIM Group will reach by April 2026 a total of 2,578 municipalities and covering a total of 
13.6 million Technical HHS, corresponding to about 80% of Technical Households in grey and black areas. 
 
 
Terminating segment of leased lines 
The decision 333/20/CONS published on 31 August 2020: 
 
withdraws ex ante regulation in the competitive area of Milan; 
 
removes the cost-orientation obligation for leased lines services in the contestable areas (24 
municipalities); 
 
withdraws the access obligation to provide, for new activations, the following services:  
o analogue terminating circuits; 
o digital PDH terminating circuits with speed less or equal than 2 mbps; 
o Ethernet over SDH terminating; 
o Ethernet over SDH interconnection links.  
Consistently with previous round of market analysis prices of PDH, SDH circuits are set according to a 
network cap model valid for the years 2019-2021, while corresponding one-off fees are reduced by 2% per 
year. On the other hand, monthly fees and one-off fees of terminating Ethernet on optical fiber services will 
be evaluated yearly on the Reference Offer approval procedure. 
 
 
Wholesale fixed interconnection markets 
In May 2021, AGCom launched a public consultation (decision no. 151/21/CONS) on the analysis of the 
markets for voice call origination and termination on a fixed network, currently subject to regulations 
pursuant to Decision no. 425/16/CONS, which set the prices until 31 December 2019: 0.097 €cent/min for 
origination and 0.041 €cent/min for termination. 
AGCom draft decision withdraws the regulation of origination with removal of obligations after 12 months 
from the publication of the final measure (including obligations for “ancillary and additional” services such 
as CS, CPS, access to other operators’ non-geographic numbers and other operators’ Private Virtual 
Networks) 
In addition, AGCom simplifies fixed termination regulations, as specified below. 
 
confirmation of the status of SPM operator for TIM and 25 other operators; 
 
until 30 June 2021, confirmation of the 2019 termination price (0,041 €/cent min); 
 from 1 July 2021, entry into force of the single maximum EU-wide wholesale rate (0,07 €cent/min); 
 withdrawal of cost accounting and accounting separation obligations, as well as of half-yearly 
reporting obligations, for termination services without providing for any transitional period; 
 reduction (from 12 to 6 months) of the notice required from notified operators for the 
decommissioning of one or more DTM interconnection nodes, as well as removal from the 
publication of the final decision on the obligation to activate new interconnections with a TDM 
interface.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
 Wholesale mobile markets 
On 22 January 2019, AGCom published the final decision on the fifth round of mobile termination market 
analysis (Decision 599/18/CONS). AGCom determined to:  
 
identify the twelve operators who provide or are about to provide mobile voice call termination 
services (MNOs, Iliad included, and Full MVNOs) as having SMP;  
 
confirm the implementation of the cost model specified in Decision 60/11/CONS for the setting of 
termination rates for the period 2018-2021, also by setting symmetric tariffs per minute for all SMP 
operators (c€ 0.98 in 2018, c€ 0.90 in 2019, c€ 0.76 in 2020, and c€ 0.67 in 2021 ("c€" means Euro 
cents)) on the basis of a WACC equal to 8.55%; 
 
enforce the price control obligation for the provision of interconnection kits to all SMP operators 
with retroactive effect from 2018;  
 
withdraw the cost accounting obligation enforced on TIM, Vodafone and Wind-Tre;  
 
confirm the absence of a termination price control obligation for calls originating outside the EEA; 
however, operators cannot apply higher termination rates than those applied to Italian operators by 
extra-AEE operators whose tariffs are regulated by the relevant authorities. 
Pursuant to the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/654 a three-year glide path applies to allow a 
smooth transition to the target price of 0.2 €cent/min:0.67 €cent/min up to end-2021, 0.55 €cent/min in 2022 
and 0.4 €cent/min in 2023. 
 
RETAIL MARKETS 
 
Retail Offers 
With Decision 348/19/CONS, AGCom has removed the ex ante replicability test for some of TIM’s ultra-
broadband retail offers.  
In particular, all retail offers (including bundles) considered “flagship” with speeds equal to or higher than 
100 mbps (which are very relevant in the migration phase from copper to NGA) will be notified to AGCom 
at the same time as their launch and will be subject to the supervision of AGCom on an ex post basis through 
the replicability test. 
The “renewal of offers”, the “modifications of already existing offers which do not imply a change of 
margins” and the “optional conditional sales associated to an already approved offer” will be notified to 
AGCom at the same time as their launch; AGCOM will eventually assess their replicability, if considered 
necessary, ex officio or at the request of an operator.  
All the rest of the retail offers will continue to be notified in advance, 20 days before their launch (previously 
30 days), in order to allow an ex ante application of the replicability test by AGCom. 
 
 
28-day billing  
Regarding the 28-day billing proceedings, see the section “Description of TIM — Litigation” of this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus. 
In June 2019, TIM had in any case decided to offer its fixed network customers, active prior to the March 31, 
2018 and subject to billing every 28 days, the possibility of accepting a compensatory solution, an alternative 
to refunding the eroded days pursuant to AGCom resolution no. 269/18/CONS. 
Subsequently, from September 2019, TIM decided to also accept requests for the refund of the eroded days. 
In both cases, TIM informed customers with several messages in the bill, on the web in the main 
newspapers. 
 
 
Guidelines online termination and switching costs

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
On 2 November 2018, AGCom published the Decision 487/18/CONS setting the new guidelines on the 
charges applicable by operators in the event of customers’ withdrawal. 
Law no. 40/2007 (Bersani Law) allowed customers the withdrawal from the permanent contract at any time 
and provided that the costs they have to pay for the line termination or switching shall be real and 
economically justified (e.g. deactivation costs for the fixed line).  
The Bersani Law was subsequently amended by the Italian competition law no. 124/2017 and decision 
487/18/CONS aims at implementing the new provisions. However, AGCom introduces additional charges 
for operators. In particular:  
o 
withdrawal in case of line termination or switching: the cost to be paid by the costumer is the 
minimum between the average rental fee (contract value) and the actual deactivation cost;  
o 
promotions: in case of early termination (in respect to the duration of the promotion), operators may 
only charge a share of the discounts proportional to the residual duration of the promotion at the 
moment of the withdrawal.  
o 
products with installments offered in conjunction with the electronic communication service: users can 
decide to pay the remaining installments instead of reimbursing them with a single payment. 
TIM has challenged AGCom decision before the administrative court regarding the provisions that limit the 
right to fully recover the costs in case of withdrawal (discounts based on promotions, product installments). 
The administrative judge rejected TIM’s appeal because it considered the act not directly harmful. 
In 2021 TIM has again challenged the decision because it is the prerequisite for an AGCom sanctioning 
provision on the subject of withdrawal. 
 
 
Terminal equipment for internet access 
On 2 August 2018 AGCom approved the final decision (Decision 348/18/CONS) on terminal equipment 
(modem) for internet access. 
With this resolution AGCom clarifies that the modem is not part of the network and, therefore, the user’s 
freedom of choice must be guaranteed as established by TSM Regulation 
From 1 December 2018 the new offers must ensure that the customer can freely choose their terminal. 
Decision 348/18/CONS also requires to operators to: 
 
remove any technical limitations of the modem, to allow the customer to use it for similar services 
provided by other operators; 
 
not request additional charges if the modem, which was provided free of charge and not used 
permanently by the user, is not returned to the operator; 
 
change the offer of current subscribers who in the past have been obliged to accept the paid provision 
of a modem, with a free of charge modem supply or, alternatively, give customers the right of 
withdrawal without any penalty. 
TIM is compliant from 1 December 2018 with the free choice of the modem provision, however TIM deems 
that the aforementioned additional obligations are illegitimate and unjustified; therefore, TIM has appealed 
the Decision 348/18/CONS before the Lazio administrative court (TAR) (Tribunale Amministrativo 
Regionale). The obligation concerning the change of offer of current subscribers, who in the past have been 
obliged to accept the paid provision of a modem, has been suspended by the Council of State pending the 
hearing at the TAR of Lazio set for 23 October 2019.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
In January 2020, the administrative judge accepted only partially TIM’s appeal. TAR has only considered 
illegitimate a request for additional charges if the modem, which was provided free of charge and not 
permanently owned by the user, is not returned to the operator. 
TIM will appeal against TAR judgment. 
In May 2020, TIM has communicated to its customers that have signed up an offer for internet access and 
modem instalment sale before 1 December 2019, the possibility of joining an equivalent offer of Internet 
without modem and allowance for residual installments. 
 
THE UNIVERSAL SERVICE 
The Universal Service (US) is a minimum set of services of a certain quality, which must be made available 
to all customers, regardless of their geographical location in Italy and must be offered at a reasonable price, 
taking into account specific national conditions. To date, TIM is the only operator obliged by the code of 
electronic communications (art. 58) to provide the Universal Service under the universal service obligation 
(USO) throughout Italy. Currently the services included in the USO are the provision of access at a fixed 
location and of telephone service, the directory inquiry service and the directories, the availability of public 
payphones, and the provision of specific measures for disabled users.  
A fund (the Universal Service Fund), established by the ministry of communications, is used to finance the 
net cost for the provision of universal service sustained by the designated operator (TIM) by means of 
contributions paid by the other operators. All the main companies active in the sector, including TIM, must 
contribute to this fund.  
AGCom is responsible for verifying the net cost of the USO provision and to assess whether this amount 
represents an unfair burden for the operator. The designated operator can receive compensation only if the 
burden is determined to be unfair.   
AGCom assessed the net cost and authorised the funding mechanism until the year 2005 and did not 
recognise any contribution for the years 2006 and 2007. 
The net cost for the provision of USO for the years 2004-2007 have been calculated on the basis of a 
methodology established by AGCom in 2008 (decision 01/08/CIR) with retroactive effect, which led to a 
significant decrease in the amount to be financed.  
Following Judgment no. 4616/2015, released on 2 October 2015, with which the Council of State overruled 
AGCom’s decision 1/08/CIR on the application of the new methodological criteria for the calculation of the 
USO net cost related to the years 2004-2007, AGCom initiated proceedings for the review of the calculation 
with decision 145/17/CONS for the years 2006-2007 and decision 207/17/CONS for the years 2004-2005. 
With decision 103/19/CIR notified on 11 September 2019, the authority has recognised the existence of a 
supplementary net cost USO for all years from 2004 to 2007 inclusive, charged to the other operators, equal 
to 26.7 million euro. Furthermore, with decision 88/18/CIR, published on 21 June 2018, AGCom has set the 
net cost for the year 2008 equal to zero and the net cost for the year 2009 equal to 11.61 million euro which 
is to be shared by the fixed and mobile operators. 
With respect to past litigation, the council of state, with a decision published on 7 July 2015, rejected the 
appeal filed by TIM against the decision of the TAR on AGCom’s decisions of 2010 by which AGCom had 
reviewed the proceedings for the years 1999-2000 and 2001-2003. As a result, the Council of State annulled 
AGCom’s decision of 2010 establishing a possible second renewal of the proceedings for the calculation of 
the contributions of the years 1999-2000 and 2001-2003. The authority began the renewal proceedings for 
the years 1999-2000 and 2001-2003 with decision 102/19/CIR on 11 September 2019. 
Following the Council of State decision, Vodafone requested TIM to refund the amounts paid for 1999-2000, 
2002-2003 and subsequent periods. With a new decision published in October 2019, the Council of State 
accepted the appeal of Vodafone, stating the obligation for TIM to return the disputed sums. 
In September 2020, AGCom ended the public consultation related to the review of the unfairness of the net 
cost burden of the universal service 1999–2009. In resolution 263/20/CIR, the authority defined a new 
approach to demonstrate the unfairness of the net USO cost for the years under examination. On the basis of

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
the new approach, AGCom recognised the unfairness of the charge for the years 2002 – 2009. For the 
previous years 1999 – 2000, however, the authority did not find the existence of an unfair charge for TIM. 
On 29 March 2021, AGCom, with the publication of decision 18/21/CIR, confirmed the obligation of mobile 
operators to participate in the USO contribution mechanism for the years 2001 – 2009, confirming the 
opinion expressed by the same authority during the public consultation. 
The authority’s decision was challenged by the other operators. Vodafone and Wind requested the 
suspension of the payment of the shares to the fund set up at MISE until the conclusion of the procedure. The 
MISE informed the fixed and mobile OLOs to not proceed to the payment of contribution shares of the 
annuity in question. The merits of the case should be discussed with the Regional Administrative Court 
within 2021. 
As regards the Universal Service Quality targets, AGCom, with the decision no. 651/20/CONS (published on 
4 December 2020), fined TIM for an amount equal to 58,000 euro due to the failure to comply in 2019 with 
the target relating to the “average answer time of the operator to incoming calls”.  
Moreover, the TAR, with final judgment no. 3948/2018 – in acceptance of TIM’s appeal n° 2661/08 – has 
cancelled the decision no. 633/07/CONS with which AGCom had fined TIM for an amount equal to 
116,000.00 euro due to the failure to comply in 2006 with the target “fault rate per access line”. The 
reimbursement took place on 14 December 2020. 
  
CONTRIBUTION FEES FOR THE FUNCTIONING OF AGCOM  
TIM and the other operators are required to pay contribution fees to fund the running costs of AGCom. 
These fees are calculated on the basis of each operator’s revenues. 
On 1 March 2021, AGCom issued decision 616/20/CONS on the payment of AGCom contribution for the 
year 2021 (calculated on the 2019 financial statement data). The guidelines for the calculation of the 
contribution fee are unchanged from the guidelines for the calculation of the 2020 fee. For the year 2021, 
AGCom confirmed the rate of 1.30 per thousand. On the basis of this rate, TIM paid, under reserve, about 
17,1 million euro. 
 
GOVERNMENT’S UBB NETWORK STATE AID PLANS  
In June 2016, the EU Commission authorised the Italian government UBB State Aid Plan for a total amount 
of 4 billion euro aimed at covering almost 25% of the population living in about 7,200 municipalities 
belonging to the so called UBB “white areas” (areas in which there is no NGA network available and there is 
no interest of private operators to deploy it in the near future) of Italy. The 7,200 municipalities are grouped 
into two clusters, C and D. In cluster C, 70% of connections have to reach at least 100 mbit/s download and 
50 mbit/s upload, while the remaining 30% have to reach at least 30 mbit/s download and 15 mbit/s upload. 
In cluster D, 100% of connections have to reach at least 30 mbit/s download and 15 mbit/s upload. 
On 3 June 2016 Infratel published a first call for tender of 1,4 billion euro for deploying and managing under 
20-year concession an UBB “passive” infrastructure (ducts and dark fiber) in the white areas of 6 regions 
(Abruzzo, Molise, Emilia Romagna, Lombardia, Toscana and Veneto). On 7 March 2017, the first tender 
was awarded to Open Fiber. 
On 8 August 2016, Infratel Italia called for a second tender for the ultrabroadband “white areas” of 10 
additional Italian regions (Piemonte, Valle d’Aosta, Friuli Venezia Giulia, Liguria, Marche, Umbria, Lazio, 
Campania, Basilicata and Sicilia) and in the Trento Autonomous Province, for a total public financing of 
approximately 1.25 billion euro. TIM decided to not submit any bid. On 28 July 2017, the second tender was 
awarded to Open Fiber. 
In August 2017, the “Comitato interministeriale per la programmazione economica” approved the so-called 
“Phase II of the UBB Plan” with an approximately 3.4 billion euro budget, of which: 
 
approximately 2.1 billion euro are designated for infrastructural investments in “grey areas” (areas in 
which there is one NGA network available); and

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
approximately 1.3 billion euro are aimed to incentivise UBB demand, through the concession of 
vouchers to families and businesses. 
On 4 April 2018, Infratel launched a consultation on the public investment plan in “grey areas”. According 
to the document under consultation, the aim of the public intervention in grey areas is to support investment 
projects in networks able to provide 1 gbps symmetrical (download and upload) speed, thus achieving a 
“step change” with respect to the existing networks. The State aid plan must be yet notified to the European 
Commission for approval. 
On 19 April 2018, Infratel called for a third tender for a total amount of 103 million euro to cover the 
residual ultrabroadband “white areas” not covered by private operators’ plans, in Calabria, Puglia and 
Sardegna. TIM did not submit any economic offer. On 19 December 2018 the tender was awarded to Open 
Fiber and the concession was signed on 2 April 2019. 
In order to have an updated picture of the coverage of the grey and black areas on 18 January 2019 Infratel 
launched a new consultation aimed at updating the ultrabroadband coverage of the areas declared as black 
and grey with respect to previous consultations. This monitoring action will allow the Italian government to 
notify the measure to UE and then to launch interventions aimed at achieving a step change in the 
ultrabroadband coverage of grey areas. 
The consultation was closed on 15 May 2019 after a period of interaction with answering operators. 
At the meeting of the Ultra-Broadband Committee (COBUL) of 17 July 2019, the Government approved the 
launch of the second phase of the Ultra-Broadband Plan (BUL) to support demand for ultrafast services 
through connectivity vouchers and to take action in the country’s grey areas with possible public funding for 
ultra-broadband network deployment, subject to European Commission approval.  
At the meeting of the COBUL of 5 May 2020 the government approved an executive plan for the public 
funding for a total amount of €2.7 billion of the following interventions supporting UBB demand and 
infrastructures: 
• 
plan to connect schools during 2020-23 (€400 million) with 100 mbit/s up to 1 gigabit; 
• 
UBB voucher (€1,146 million) for families and businesses with at least 30 mbit/s;  
• 
grey areas plan (€ 1,126 million) aimed to provide with UBB solutions the main industrial districts 
sited in grey areas. 
The execution of the whole plan is led by Infratel. 
Plan to connect Schools 
Following the consultation on a school plan (aimed at providing over 30,000 public middle and high schools 
throughout the country, as well as all public primary and infant schools located in the white areas with 
connectivity services with bandwidth up to 1 gbit/s in download speed and guaranteed minimum bandwidth 
of 100 mbit/s symmetric), on 19 October 2020, Infratel published a call for tenders with a deadline for the 
submission of offers set for 4 December 2020, which provided for a public funding of 274 million euro 
divided into seven lots on a geographical basis including 15 Regions, with a limit of two lots that can be 
awarded to any competitor (who can submit offers for all lots). 
In order to discourage unsuccessful conduct of the successful bidders, particularly severe penalties have been 
introduced for each day of delay, for the failure to activate the connection of a school as well as for the non-
compliance with other contractual requirements relating to implementation times and the quality of the 
service. 
On 24 February 2021, the tenders on the individual lots were awarded as follows: 
• Lot 1 - Liguria, Piedmont • Lot 3 - Lazio, Sardinia - • Lot 4 - Campania, Basilicata• Lot 5 - Calabria, Sicily 
awarded to Fastweb 
• Lot 2 – Lombardy awarded to Intred S.p.A. 
• Lot 6 - Tuscany, Veneto - Lot 7 - Marche, Abruzzo, Molise, Puglia awarded to TIM S.p.A 
UBB Vouchers

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
As regards the UBB vouchers, a first phase of intervention, to be implemented urgently by 2020, concerns 
the less well-off families (ISEE range up to 20,000 euro) completely deprived of connectivity services, or 
with connectivity services below 30mbit/s. 
A second phase of intervention, to be implemented after a public consultation, concerns business and 
families with an ISEE income of up to 50,000 euro. 
For the first phase of the UBB voucher scheme, the minister of economic development allocated 200 million 
euro with the aim of reaching 400,000 families with an incentive per family of 500 euro (partly for 
connectivity and partly for the purchase of a tablet or a PC). The first phase of the voucher issue process was 
launched on 9 November 2020. 
To implement the second phase of the UBB voucher, Infratel carried out a public consultation, which ended 
on September 2020. The results of the consultation are not yet published. Upon completion of the public 
consultation, the intervention plan in question will be notified to the European Commission pursuant to 
Article 108, paragraph 3 of the TFEU and then governed by a specific decree of the minister of economic 
development. 
Grey Areas Plan 
Concerning the grey areas plan, on 23 June 2020, Infratel launched a public consultation to update the 
mapping of the UBB coverage of grey and black areas by private operators in the three-year period 2020 – 
2022. 
The results of the monitoring were published on 9 September 2020. 
The mapping was functional in identifying the remaining grey areas  – areas without over 100 mbps 
coverage – by 2022 for which COBUL had allocated 1.126 billion euro (mainly to cover industrial districts 
and municipalities with the highest concentration of companies). 
On April 27, 2021, the Italian parliament approved the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (PNRR) 
which provides for a series of initiatives, with the aim of bringing ultrabroadband connections throughout the 
country by 2026. 
The PNRR is a total of 6.7 billion euro to be distributed on the following government plans: 
 
“Italia 1 Giga” Plan (3.86 billion euro, significantly higher than previous allocation); 
 
“Italia 5G” Plan (2.02 billion euro); 
 
“Connected Health” Plan (0.50 billion euro); 
 
“Connected School” Plan, already launched (0.26 billion euro); and 
 
“Connection of minor islands” plan (0.06 billion euro). 
In order to implement the “Italy 1 Giga” Plan, Infratel has launched a new public consultation – expiring 15 
June 2021 – for the Mapping of ultrabroadband networks: NGA and VHCN fixed connections in black and 
grey areas over the period April 2021 – April 2026 with the aim of identifying the areas that will be the 
subject of public interventions planned for the next five years. 
 
“Italia 5G” Plan 
“Italia 5G” Plan provides for a total funding of 2.02 billion euros and is developed on three areas of 
intervention: 
1. 5G corridors (420 million euros) 
2. 5G ready suburban roads (600 million euros) 
3. No 4G / 5G areas (1 billion euro). 
In order to better address the three areas of public intervention envisaged by the 5G Plan, on 10 June 2021 
Infratel launched a mapping of ultra-broadband mobile networks, based on a geographical grid of 100 meters 
x 100 meters, representative of the entire Italian territory (for about 30 million "pixels").

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
By July 26, 2021, operators must declare the mobile coverage plans, indicating the network coverage 
available as of May 31, 2021 and those expected in the next 5 years, until May 31, 2026. 
The mapping has the purpose of verifying which areas are already covered by 4G and 5G mobile networks or 
which will be on the basis of the coverage plans of the operators in the five-year reference period (2021-
2026), with the aim of precisely identifying areas susceptible to public intervention. 
 
REGULATORY MEASURES FOR COVID-19 
Based on the “Cura Italia” government decree (the Decree), on 18 March 2020 AGCom adopted a first 
package of measures aimed at guaranteeing the functioning of the telecom services; this package takes into 
account the current health emergency situation and the growth in the consumption of services and of traffic 
on networks. 
Two out of the four permanent technical tables established by AGCom concern:  
 
the enhancement and security of telecommunications networks and services; and  
 
the protection and facilitation of the use of digital services by consumers. 
In implementation of the Decree, which allows AGCom to derogate from some regulatory conditions in 
order to better tackle public interest problems in the current health emergency period, AGCom has set out 
measures to improve the conditions of the offer of TIM regulated network services, providing: 
 
a temporary reduction of regulated wholesale costs of Ethernet band for copper and fibre-accesses; 
 
the maximum commitment to the accelerated supply of transport equipment and VLANs necessary 
for the increase in bandwidth and to follow up with the early opening of the new NGA cabinets. 
In addition, TIM will have to make its infrastructures available throughout the country, responding to 
consumer requests without discriminating with respect to the country’s technologies and geographical areas.  
AGCom will also require all operators to make all possible efforts to contribute to the management of the 
state of emergency, indicating actions deemed relevant such as: 
 
try to ensure an increase in the average bandwidth per customer on the fixed network of at least 30% 
in the shortest possible time, where technically feasible; 
 
make every effort, in the case of absence of coverage with an NGA fixed network and at the request 
of the condominium or the legal entity responsible for the office, to activate, without any cost 
increase until 30 June 2020, any possible access solution; 
 
recommend to final consumers to use mainly fixed accesses at home (including wi-fi) so as not to 
overload the mobile network. 
As regards the adjustments of the network, TIM has significantly increased bandwidth capacity both towards 
the big internet and on national nodes, has enhanced mobile coverage, and is increasing UBB fixed network 
coverage. 
As regards the commercial offer to alternative operators, TIM has made available price reductions for the 
Ethernet band on the copper and fibre network, is managing requests for bandwidth received by the other 
authorised operators (OAO) with a high priority and has enabled direct and free access to the TIM data 
network through public peering. 
Finally, to counter the spread of the Covid-19 virus, TIM has defined an operating procedure to carry out the 
technical network interventions safely. 
On the other hand, Telcos will also voluntarily propose different measures to their customers. In particular, 
TIM proposes free voice calls, free gigabits and many other voluntary initiatives in support of smart working 
and distance learning. Finally, Telcos will propose to AGCom potential temporary and reasonable traffic 
management measures to avoid traffic congestion in peak times in line with the applicable laws and BEREC 
initiatives.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
SPECTRUM 
In October 2018, MISE’s auction for 5G frequencies was concluded. TIM was awarded the following 
blocks:  
 
2 x 10 MHz FDD in the 700 MHz band; 
 
80 MHz TDD in the 3.6- 3.8 GHz band; 
 
200 MHz in the 26.5-27.5 GHz band. 
The slots in 3.6-3.8 GHz and 26.5-27.5 GHz bands are available from 1 January 2019 whilst the slots in 700 
MHz band from 1 July 2022 after the freeing of TV broadcasting service. All the frequency rights of use will 
expire on 31 December 2037 and they can be extended up to additional eight years. 
The total amount of TIM’s licence fee is 2,399.38 million euro which must be paid in several installments 
over the years 2018-2022 as reported bellow. 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 €  477,473,285  
 €  18,342,111  
 €  110,052,665  
 €  55,026,332  
 €  1,738,485,953  
 
 In April 2021 TIM paid about 240 million euro for the renewal for eight years, until end of 2029, of 
2x15MHz FDD spectrum rights of use in the 2100 MHz band, following a favourable opinion issued by 
AGCom (Decision 338/20/CONS). 
EXTENSION OF GOLDEN POWER TO 5G TECHNOLOGY SERVICES (DECREE-LAW 25 
MARCH 2019, NO. 22 (THE DECREE 22)) 
The Decree 22 classifies the development of 5G as a strategic activity concerning national defence and 
security, requiring more stringent controls. They are subject to special powers in particular: 
a. the stipulation of contracts or agreements concerning the purchase of goods or services related to the 
design, construction, maintenance and management of networks relating to 5G services; 
b. the acquisition of highly technological components functional to the realisation or management; 
c. the elements indicating the presence of vulnerability factors that could compromise the integrity and 
security of the networks and data that pass through them. 
In particular, the stipulation of contracts and the acquisition of high-intensity components from parties 
outside the European Union, entail the obligation to notify the presidency of the council of ministers in order 
to allow the timely exercise of the power of veto. 
Failure to comply with the notification requirement entails a pecuniary administrative sanction equal to twice 
the value of the transaction and in any case not less than 1 per cent of the turnover achieved in the last 
financial year. In subsequent decree of the presidency of the council of ministers the task of identifying 
simplified notification and certification procedures is finally assigned. 
In this regard, on 27 June 2019 the Italian government started a public consultation functional for the 
adoption of the decree of the presidency of the council of ministers (DPCM) in order to gather contributions 
from interested parties regarding the following issues:  
a) 
identification of the simplified notification methods that may be differentiated (e.g. based on the 
activity carried out, on the services offered or on the type of infrastructure involved); and 
 
b) 
definition of simplified procedures and terms for the investigation in connection with specific 
circumstances. 
TIM submitted its contribution by the deadline (19 July 2019).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
In the meanwhile, Italian law decree no. 64 was published on 11 July 2019 introducing further amendments 
to the provisions of Italian law decree no. 21 of 15 March 2012 converted by Italian law no. 56 of 11 May 
2012 with amendments. 
Specifically on the subject of 5G, the new decree introduces the obligation to notify the prime minister’s 
office using full disclosure within ten days from the conclusion of a contract or agreement covering the 
purchase of goods or services relating to the design, building, maintenance and management of the 5G 
networks or the acquisition of high technological intensity components functional for the aforesaid building 
or management when executed with subjects outside of the European Union, in order to allow any veto 
power to be exercised or the imposition of specific instructions or conditions. 
The prime minister announces any veto or imposition of specific instructions or conditions within 45 days 
from the notification. Based on the legislation above, the council of ministers of 5 September 2019 opted for 
the exercise of special powers in relation to the TIM disclosure concerning commercial agreements, reached 
before 26 March 2019, regarding equipment and communication systems functional for the development of 
5G technology. As expected, decree law no. 64/2019 was not converted into law and so its effects lapsed. 
Furthermore, the Italian government adopted decree law no. 105 of 21 September 2019, concerning the 
national cybersecurity perimeter; it introduces amendments to the provisions of decree law no. 21 of 15 
March 2012 converted by Italian law no. 56 of 11 May 2012 with amendments.   
The new decree no. 105 has been converted into law no. 133 of 18 November 2019. 
The decree law no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (adopted with modifications by law no.40 of 5 June 2020) made a 
main change to the general golden power regulation: also with regard to the communications sector, the 
obligation to notify the participation in the companies has been extended to any foreign entities, including 
those belonging to the European Union, in cases where the purchase is of such significance to determine the 
permanent establishment of the purchaser by reason of the assumption of control of the company whose 
shareholding is being purchased. 
ANTITRUST ISSUES 
 Antitrust in Italy 
 Legislation on competition  
 TIM is subject to Italian competition law, and namely the law of 10 October 1990 no. 287 (“Provisions 
aiming at protecting competition and the market”) which set up the AGCM (Antitrust Authority).  
The Antitrust Authority is responsible for:  
(i) 
applying law 287/1990 and supervising: (a) restrictive agreements; (b) abuses of a dominant position; 
and (c) concentrations of enterprises;  
(ii) applying, whenever the necessary conditions are met, the relevant EU provisions (i.e., articles 101 and 
102 of the TFEU);  
(iii) applying legislative decree 6 September 2005 no. 206 concerning unfair commercial practices; and,  
(iv) monitoring conflicts of interest in the case of individuals holding government positions.  
In addition, the Antitrust Authority may:  
(i) 
adopt interim measures; and  
(ii) enforce commitments binding upon the proposing parties in order to dispel identified anticompetitive 
concerns closing the investigation without any finding of a violation.  
 
Pending proceedings before the Competition Authority on restrictive agreements, abuses of a 
dominant position and unfair commercial practices

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
Regarding the pending proceedings, see the section “Description of TIM — Litigation” of this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus. 
 
 Antitrust issues at the European level 
 Legislation on competition  
TIM is subject to the European competition law. European competition policy covers anticompetitive 
agreements (art. 101 TFEU), abuse of dominance (Art. 102 of TFEU), mergers (provided that the annual 
turnover of the combined businesses exceeds specified thresholds, according to council regulation (EC) no 
139/2004) and state aid (art. 107 of TFEU).  
The EC is empowered by the TFEU to apply these rules and holds a number of investigative powers to that 
end (e.g. inspection at business and non-business premises, written requests for information, etc.). It may 
also impose fines on undertakings which infringe the EU antitrust rules. The main rules on procedures on the 
implementation of the competition rules set forth in Art. 101 and 102 of the TFEU are set out in Council 
Regulation (EC) 1/2003.  
Since 1 May 2004 all National Competition Authorities have also been empowered to fully apply EU 
antitrust rules (i.e. Art. 101 and 102 of the TFEU) in order to ensure that competition is not distorted or 
restricted. National courts may also apply these provisions in order to protect the individual rights conferred 
on citizens by the Treaty. State aids rules, on the contrary, can only be applied by the EC.  
As part of the overall enforcement of EU competition law, the EC has also developed and implemented a 
policy on the application of EU competition law to actions for damages before national courts. It also 
cooperates with national courts in order to ensure the coherent application of the EU competition rules within 
the Member States. 
 
TELECOMMUNICATION REGULATORY FRAMEWORK IN BRAZIL 
TIM Group’s operations in Brazil are subject to the 1997 General Law on Telecommunications (Lei Geral de 
Telecomunicações — LGT), to a comprehensive regulatory framework for the provision of 
telecommunications services adopted by ANATEL, and also to a public policy established by Ministério das 
Comunicações (MINICOM). 
In June 2020, through provisional measure no 980/2020, the Brazilian’s president Jair Bolsonaro decided to 
reorder the ministeries and recreate the MINICOM that shall be responsible for the national 
telecommunications policy. From 2016 to the first half of June 2020, the brasilian telecommunications were 
subordinated to a specific structure part of the ministry of science, technology, innovations and 
communications (Ministério da Ciência, Tecnologia, Inovações e das Comunicações), that still exist without 
this administrative competence. 
ANATEL is responsible for the regulation and implementation of national policies in matter of 
telecommunications. It is a quasi-independent body (due to the relationship with MINICOM) enjoying 
financial and operational autonomy and a wide range of functions and powers to ensure retail customer´s 
rights, quality of service, wholesale’s rules and competition to avoid concentration of services. The board of 
directors has five members with a fixed term, who are selected and appointed by the president, and submitted 
for approval by the senate. 
ANATEL has the power to impose restrictions, limitations or conditions on concessions, permits or 
authorisations. ANATEL has the authority to propose and issue legally binding regulations on 
telecommunications service providers. The rules issued by ANATEL are subject to periodic updates. Any 
proposed regulation by ANATEL is subject to a period of public consultation, which may include public 
hearings, and can be challenged in Brazilian courts. 
ANATEL privatised the former public monopolistic operators and progressively opened the market to 
competition, in addition to promoting universal access to basic telecommunications fixed services (only 
voice).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Regarding the operational activity of TIM Brasil, ANATEL developed regulations for mobile 
communication services (Serviço Móvel Pessoal or SMP), fixed communications services (Serviço 
Telefonico Fixo Comutado or STFC) and data transmission and multimedia services (Serviço de 
Comunicação Multimídia or SCM). 
In 2010 virtual mobile operators were allowed to enter the market upon commercial agreements with the 
established operators. 
In 2016 and 2017 ANATEL issued certain regulations that are particularly relevant to TIM Brasil’s 
operations, including: Resolution No. 663/2016, which modified rules of the MVNO Regulation; Resolution 
No. 667/2016, which approved the “General Regulation of Accessibility in Telecommunications Services of 
Collective Interest”; Resolution No. 668/2016, which modified the STFC Regulation; and Resolution No. 
671/2016, which approved the “Regulation on the Use of the Radiofrequency Spectrum” and modified the 
“Regulation on the Collection of Public Price for the Right of Use of Radiofrequencies” and the “Regulation 
on the Imposition of Administrative Sanctions”; Resolution No 683/2017, which approved the “Regulation 
of Infrastructure Sharing to Support the Provision of Telecommunications Services” (disciplines the 
obligation to share passive infrastructure such as towers poles, towers, masts, cabinets, ducts, conduits, 
surface structures and suspended structures). 
In 2018, ANATEL enacted several important regulations, such as: (i) Resolution No 693/2018 which 
approved the new General Interconnection Regulation (RGI) which revoked the “General Interconnection 
Regulatory Framework” enforced by ANATEL in 2005; (ii) Resolution No 694/2018 which approved the 
new “General Plan of Competition Targets” (PGMC), updating the tools for market analysis and the 
identification of operators with market power object to imposition of ex-ante obligations; (iii) Resolution No 
695/2018 which approved the new “Public Price for the Right to Use of Radio Frequencies” (PPDUR) 
establishes two calculation basis, one for renovation of RF and other for licence acquisition; (iv) Resolution 
No 702/2018 which approved the new “Public Price for the Right to Explore Satellites and 
Telecommunication Services” reducing the authorisation or transfer fee to R$ 400,00 for telecommunications 
services of collective interest; and (v) Resolution No 703/2018 which approved the “Spectrum Use 
Management”, which set up a new cap for Spectrum usage limits (Spectrum Cap). 
In 2019, ANATEL published relevant regulations pertaining to spectrum, such as: (i) Resolution No 
710/2019 which attributes the use of 2.3 GHz frequencies to Private Limited Service and approves the usage 
conditions of this frequency; (ii) Resolution No 711/2019 which regulates the use of 3.5 GHz frequencies; 
(iii) Resolution No 716/2019 which approves the Allocation, Destination and Distribution Plan of frequency 
bands in Brazil (PDFF); and (iv) Resolution No 717/2019 which approves the new Regulation on the Quality 
of Telecommunication Services – RQUAL, aiming to reflect more accurately the quality of experience 
perceived by the customers. 
The new RQUAL is based on responsive regulation and three global indices – Quality of Service Index, 
Perceived Quality Index and User Complaint Index – and it will rank the operators into five clusters (from A 
to E). On the basis of responsive regulation, ANATEL will be able to adopt the most suitable enforcement 
remedy for the specific case, such as consumer compensation, establishment of action plans or adoption of 
precautionary measures in order to ensure the improvement of quality standards.  
 
The new regulation is expected to have entered into force by 2022, after the definition of the goals and 
criteria to new indicators by the implementation group involving ANATEL, Operators and Quality Entity – 
ESAQ (rescheduled chronogram). Until that new framework is issued, ANATEL still continues to monitor 
the old indicators that are similar to the new ones.  
 
In 2020, ANATEL published some important regulations such as: (i) Resolution No. 718/2020 which 
amends the “Regulation on Restricted Radiation Radiocommunication Equipment” to include femtocells as 
restricted radiation radio-communication equipment; (ii) Resolution No. 719/2020 which approves the new 
General Licensing Regulation; (iii) Resolution No. 720/2020 which approves the General Authorisations 
Regulation; (iv) Resolution No. 725/2020 which approves the universalisation obligations according to the 
PGMU approved by Decree No. 9,619/2018; (v) Resolution No. 735/2020 which reduces regulatory barriers 
to IoT and M2M services; (vi) Resolution No. 736/2020 which approves the Regulation on Conditions of

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Use of the 1,5 GHz band; and (vii) Resolution No. 740/2020 which approves the Cybersecurity Regulation 
applied to the telecommunications sector. 
In 2021, ANATEL published important regulations such as: (i) Resolution No. 741/2021 which approves the 
Regulation of Adaptation from STFC Concessions to Authorizations of the same service; (ii) Resolution No. 
742/2021 which amends Resolution No. 711/2019 and the Regulation on Conditions of Use of the 3.5 GHz 
Band attached to it, as well as approving the Regulation on the Conditions of Use of the 24.25 GHz to 27.90 
GHz band; (iii) Resolution No. 743/2021 which changes the General Plan of Authorizations for the SMP; 
and (iv) Resolution No. 744/2021 which approves the “Regulation for the Continuity of the Provision of 
Switched Fixed Telephone Service Intended for Use by the General Public in the Public Regime” (STFC). 
On 19 June 2020, the Board of Directors of TIM Brasil approved the execution of a Conduct Adjustment 
Term (TAC) between ANATEL and TSA, after final deliberation by ANATEL in the eighth directing 
council’s extraordinary meeting. The agreement covers sanctions in respect of a value of approximately R$ 
639 million, which will be closed due to commitments related to the quality and customer experience 
improvements, evolution of the digital attendance channels, reduction of complaint rates, and increased 
network infrastructure in more than 2,000 locations. This TAC was signed by TSA and ANATEL on 25 June 
2020 and will be in force between July 2020 and June 2024. 
❖ 
5G Auction  
In February 2020, the ministry of science, technology, innovations and communications published ordinance 
No 418 with guidelines for the 5G auction, concerning radiofrequency bands of 700 MHz, 2.3 GHz, 3.5 GHz 
and 26 GHz, requiring ANATEL to define technical criteria for mobile operation on 3.5 GHz in order to 
avoid harm from a TVRO signal offered by satellite dishes in Band C. It also established that the auction 
should considered coverage commitments to (i) mobile service on 4G technology or higher to cities, small 
villages and isolated urban and rural areas with more than 600 habitants; (ii) mobile broadband on federal 
highways; and (iii) fiber to the city (FTTC) on municipalities without this backhaul. 
Also in February 2020, ANATEL issued the public consultation No 9 in order to discuss the draft of the 
Public Notice for the 5G Auction. ANATEL proposes bidding for the 700 MHz, 2.3 GHz, 3.5 GHz and 
26 GHz bands and includes another 100 MHz in the 3.5 GHz band. It also foresees investment commitments 
that will enable more infrastructure and a higher level of services to users, such as is outlined in the structural 
plan for telecommunications networks (PERT). 
Regarding the possible interference caused by 5G in the reception of open satellite TV, the approved 
proposal addresses the solution through a model similar to that adopted for the 700 MHz band, with the 
creation of a group coordinated by ANATEL and an independent third party to operationalise the solution. 
In February 2021, ANATEL’s board of directors approved the public notice for the 5G Auction that is 
currently being evaluated by Brazilian federal court of auditors (TCU). The auction is expected to be held in 
the second half of 2021. 
❖ Authorisations 
ANATEL carried out the privatisation of the former public monopoly operator and gradually opened the 
sector to competition, in addition to fostering universal access to basic telecom fixed services (STFC). 
According to the general telecommunications law and to the regulations issued by ANATEL, licenses to 
provide telecommunications services are granted either under the public regime, by means of a concession or 
a permission, or under the private regime, by means of an authorisation. Only certain fixed-line service 
providers are currently operating under the public regime (Telefónica, Embratel, CTBC, Sercomtel and Oi, 
commonly referred to as Concessionaires). All the other telecommunications services providers in Brazil are 
currently operating under the private regime, including all the mobile and data service providers. 
Since the launch of GSM mobile services in 2002, four main players operate in the mobile market (Claro, 
Vivo, Oi and TIM) and compete nationwide. Third generation mobile services were introduced in 2008 while 
fourth generation mobile services started in 2012. 
The authorisations for fixed and mobile services give the TIM Group (which operates under the brand name 
TIM Brasil) coverage of the entire country of Brazil allowing it to provide fixed, mobile and long distance 
voice, and also data services.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
The rules require that all telecommunications services’ operators allow network access to any interested 
party to provide value-added services, without discrimination, unless technically impossible. The voice 
service providers can also provide value-added service through their own networks. 
❖ Interconnection rules 
Telecommunication operators must publish a public interconnection offer highlighting both economic and 
technical conditions and are subject to the “General Interconnection Regulatory Framework” enforced by 
ANATEL in 2005. In May 2012, ANATEL approved a new regulation which, from January 2014, requires 
the application of the “Bill and Keep” system for local fixed termination rates, i.e., operators will take rights 
of tariffs generated on their networks, and no interconnection remuneration will be owed for local calls 
between two different networks. 
Until 2016, the interconnection charges for fixed network (Tarifa de Uso da Rede Local) (TU-RL) amount 
to a percentage of retail prices for the incumbent operators. Alternative operators with no significant market 
power (including TIM) can apply asymmetrical interconnection rates exceeding up to 20% the one applied 
by the incumbents. As from 2016, the fixed interconnection rates have been following a cost oriented 
approach. 
In July 2018, ANATEL approved the new General Interconnection Regulation which revoked the “General 
Interconnection Regulatory Framework” enforced by ANATEL in 2005. 
The values of mobile termination rate (called “Value to Use the Mobile network” or VU-M) are freely 
negotiated by operators. ANATEL has, however, arbitration power in case of disagreement and it can 
determine a reference value according to criterion set up by regulation. From January 2013, the reference 
values set by ANATEL comply with a “glide path”, which led to cost orientated values starting from 2016 to 
SMP operators. On 24 February 2017, considering the glide path provided in Act No. 6,211/2014, VU-M 
were again reduced, depending on the Plano Geral de Autorizações do Serviço Móvel Pessoal (PGA-SMP) 
Region, to approximately 0.03 (three cents) Reais and, on 24 February 2018, it was reduced to 0.01 (one 
cents) Reais. 
In December 2018, ANATEL published corresponding Acts No. 9,918/2018 and No. 9,919/2018, which 
determined the specific reference rates effective as of February 2020. Before coming into force, ANATEL 
started revision of these acts and, on 24 February 2020, published new Acts No. 986/2020 and No. 987/2020 
with new rates. 
❖ General Competition Plan 
In November 2012, ANATEL published the general plan for competition targets (the PGMC), introducing 
tools for market analysis and identification of operators with market power and imposition of ex-ante 
obligations. 
The decision opens the networks of the operators with significant market power to unbundling and wholesale 
broadband access. It also improves transparency measures through the creation of a supervisory board to 
ensure the respect of the wholesale service quality levels. 
In each market, ANATEL imposed a set of asymmetrical obligations to operators having significant market 
power. 
In the fixed access market an access obligation on copper networks (e.g., leased lines, bitstream and full 
unbundling) for the vertically integrated, fixed operators having significant market power (Oi, Telefónica 
and Telmex) was introduced. 
In July 2018, ANATEL published the new PGMC reviewing some of its points and set up two new markets: 
(i) interconnection for telephone traffic in fixed networks; and (ii) high capacity data transport. TIM Brasil 
has been identified as having significant market power in the wholesale markets of mobile termination, 
national roaming, and high capacity data transport (in five municipalities).  
Due to such classification, TIM Brasil is subject to increased regulation under the PGMC, which could have 
an adverse effect on its business financial condition, results of operations and compliance with regulations. 
The measures applied to a significant market power operator in those markets include:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
a glide path on mobile termination rates based on a price cap system and maintenance of partial Bill & 
Keep until the next revision of PGMC; 
 
an obligation to offer the service of national roaming to operators not having significant market power 
based on a price cap system; 
 
an obligation to offer high capacity data transport based on a price cap system. 
➢ Cost models’ implementation 
In 2005, ANATEL issued a ruling for “Accounting Separation and Cost Accounting”. This ruling introduced 
the obligation to present the accounting separation and allocation document (“Documento de Separação e 
Alocação de Contas”) (DSAC) for license holders and groups holding SMP in the fixed and/or mobile 
network interconnection and wholesale leased lines markets (“Exploração Industrial De Linha Dedicada”) 
(EILD). Operators, including TIM, are providing ANATEL with the requested information since 2006 for 
fixed services and since 2008 for mobile services. In July 2014, ANATEL published the final decision 
regarding the costing models to set the wholesale reference values for the fixed and mobile access and 
interconnection services, as well as the reference values for the leased lines (Industrial Exploitation of the 
Dedicated Line) (EILD). 
As from 2016, fixed termination rates (FTRs or TU-RL) and mobile termination rates (MTRs or VU-M) are 
cost oriented to achieve the efficient cost level based on BU-LRIC model in 2019. For EILD, the efficient 
cost level will be reached in 2020. 
As from new PGMC, all products (not only call termination rates and Leased Lines) are oriented by costs.  
 
➢ Mobile interconnection rate glide path 
In November 2012, TIM Brasil, along with other national mobile operators Vivo, Claro and Oi, were 
identified by ANATEL as having Significant Market Power in the wholesale mobile termination market. 
The remedies applied to significant market power mobile operators included a glide path on MTRs, based on 
a price cap system. 
In July 2014, ANATEL published a final decision regarding the cost model and the reference values of the 
mobile termination rates that will apply from 2016 for SMP operators. For 2016, MTRs were set with a Top 
Down methodology, until convergence to the BU-LRIC model is reached in 2019. 
In addition to the MTR reduction, ANATEL established a bill and keep (B&K) ratio between significant 
market power and non-significant market power PCSs. From January 2013 until February 2015, the B&K 
was 80%/20%. On February 12 2015, ANATEL approved, by means of Resolution No. 649/2015, the 
following new B&K percentages, amending the percentages established by Resolution 600: 75%/25% from 
2015 until 2016; 65%/35% from 2016 until 2017; 55%/45% from 2017 until 2018; and 50%/50% from 2018 
until 2019. As from the new PGMC, the partial B&K threshold to 50% (i.e., a non-SMP operator pays only if 
the terminated traffic on the SMP operator network is more than 50% of the total traffic exchanged), will be 
applied until the next revision of PGMC scheduled for 2021. In addition, ANATEL determined the end of 
the existing additional 20% on the value of MTR, paid by SMP operators to non-SMP operators.  
 
➢ Lower fixed to mobile call prices for incumbent operators 
Under the Brazilian regulation, MTRs reductions must translate into reductions in retail fixed to mobile call 
prices. Accordingly, ANATEL established new fixed to mobile retail call rates for fixed telephony 
concessionaries reflecting the lower mobile termination rates applicable starting on 25 February 2016. 
 
➢ Allocation of the 700 MHz band 
The auction for the allocation of the 700MHz band (698-806 MHz), the provision of the fourth generation 
mobile services and high speed internet was held in September 2014.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
TIM Brasil, Claro and Vivo were granted three of the four auctioned national blocks of 10 + 10 MHz. TIM 
Brasil offered 1,947 million Reais. The auction also ordered the winning bidders to constitute an entity 
responsible for the spectrum clean-up process. A total amount of 3.6 billion Reais is designated for the 
completion of the process and TIM shall pay 1,199 million Reais. 
The frequencies will be available in all Brazilian cities that could face interference in simultaneous TV and 
long-term evolution (LTE) operations within 9 months of the complete “switch-off” of analogue television 
channels. 
The initial forecast contemplated 5,570 cities with a switch-off in 2018, however, ministry ordinance No. 
3,493/2016, established that: 
 
approximately 1,500 cities can have an immediate LTE activation since the frequencies are already 
free; 
 
approximately 2,700 cities only need analogue channel relocation (switch-off not necessary now); and 
 
approximately 1,400 cities would have a switch-off by 2018. 
Bid winners were required to cover the costs for the implementation of the measures to overcome any 
spectrum interference and the expenses resulting from the reallocation of digital TV channels. 
In December 2014, TIM acquired the 718-728 MHz and 773-783 MHz sub-bands with national coverage; 
these authorisations are valid until 2029. These sub-bands are only partially available for mobile operation 
because they remain in use by broadcasters and ANATEL’s approval required for their usage is still pending. 
The mobile operations on those sub-bands may only begin after the reallocation of broadcasting channels and 
the following approval by ANATEL and interference mitigation. 
From 2016 to 2019 the analog TV switch-off occurred in regions where it was necessary to clean up the 
700 MHz spectrum for LTE use. By September 2019, all municipalities were able to receive 4G coverage on 
700 MHz band from TIM. Throughout 2020 and 2021, the entity created to ensure the spectrum cleanup, 
called the “Entity for Administration of TV and RTV Channel Relocation and Digitalization Process” 
(“EAD”), is expected to fulfil the remaining auction obligations, concluding the relocations of broadcasters 
and the provision of interference solutions in order to complete the switch-off process and to make the 
spectrum fully available to mobile operators. 
Spectrum auction in the 1,800 MHz, 1,900 MHz, and 2,500 MHz bands 
On 19 April 2016, ANATEL’s auction Committee assigned the multi-band local spectrum (135 MHz in the 
1,800 MHz, 1,900 MHz, and 2,500 MHz bands, including 60 MHz of unpaired Time Division Duplex 
spectrum) auctioned in December 2015 for mobile and fixed-wireless broadband services. 
TIM was awarded Frequency Division Duplex (FDD) spectrum in the 2,500 MHz band enabling the 
provision of 4G/LTE services in the metropolitan areas of Recife and Curitiba. Authorisation terms were 
signed in July 2016 for 15 years, and can be renewed for an additional 15-year term. 
TIM and other mobile operators (Vivo, Claro and Oi) have been eligible to bid for spectrum in 1,800 MHz 
band since the publication of resolution No 703/2018, which set up a new Spectrum Cap. 
➢ “Marco Civil de Internet” and Brazilian Data Protection Law 
The “Marco Civil Internet”, which went into effect in June 2014, constitutes a kind of “Constitution” on the 
use of the Internet in Brazil. 
Key topics covered in the new regulations include net neutrality, collection, use and storage of personal data, 
confidentiality of communications, freedom of expression and the treatment of illegal, immoral or offensive 
contents. 
The Marco Civil has been elaborated upon by the issuance of a government decree of implementation and 
enforcement. The ministry’s decree (issued on 11 May 2016) addresses three main aspects: 
 
clarification of the scope and implementation of the net neutrality rules; 
 
implementation of the rights and obligations for the protection of personal data; and

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
governance of the Marco Civil, including authorities in charge of its enforcement. 
The decree went into effect on 10 June 2016. 
 
On 14 August 2018, the Brazilian President promulgated the General Data Protection Law (Law 
No. 13709/2018). The new law, as promulgated by the President, is closer to the GDPR, including significant 
extra-territorial application and considerable fines of up to 2% of the Company’s global turnover for the 
previous financial year. 
In December 2018, provisional measure No. 869/2018 passed by the former Brazilian president amended 
Law No. 13,709 to create the National Data Protection Authority (ANPD), within the structure of the 
presidency of the republic, which implies a larger control by the State and to, among other topics, extend to 
24 months the entry into force of the law (August 2020), by which date, August 2020, all legal entities will 
be required to adapt their data processing activities to these new rules.  
In July 2019, provisional measure No. 869/2018 was converted into law No. 13,853, keeping the ANPD, as a 
federal public administration body, as part of the executive branch. 
In June 2020, the bill of law no. 1,179/2020 was converted into law no. 14,010/2020 that postponed the 
effective date of the provisions of the General Data Protection Law relating to fines and penalties, to August 
2021. The other provisions of the law took effect as from August 2020, as originally proposed. Additionally, 
the decree No. 10,474/2020 (Data Protection National Authority) entered into force in August 2020, creating 
Autoridade Nacional de Dados Pessoais (ANPD) which is responsible, among other things, for developing 
guidelines for the National Policy for Data Protection; supervising companies and applying sanctions; and 
issuing regulations and procedures on personal data protection. 
➢ Review of the current regulatory model for the provision of telecom services 
The Brazilian government reviewed the 1997 general telecommunication law to convert the old fixed 
telephony concessions into authorisations, modifying the relevant and related obligations. 
On 11 April 2016, following a public consultation that closed on 15 January 2016, the ministry of science, 
technology, innovation and communications (now ministry of communications) issued guidelines for 
ANATEL on how to carry out this transformation and move to a more market-oriented licensing approach. 
The ministry recommended that public authorities should promote access to broadband service at affordable 
costs and levels, putting broadband at the centre of public policies. 
ANATEL is directed to: 
 
propose concrete rules and criteria to enable the phasing-out of concessions; 
 
highlight the consistency of the new licensing rules with the existing infrastructure coverage 
obligations; 
 
ensure service provision (including broadband) in less attractive economic areas; 
 
give incentives to concessionaires to migrate to the new licensing framework; 
 
lessen the universal service obligations for fixed telephony; 
 
schedule the phasing-out of the retail price control over retail fixed telephony services; 
 
withdraw recurring licensing fees; 
 
schedule the phasing-out of the asset reversion scheme (foreseeing that the network assets used to 
provide services under a concession must be returned to the state upon the expiry of the concession); 
and 
 
establish suitable mechanisms to ensure regulation compliance control. 
As a result of the on-going debate regarding the licensing regime, ANATEL was tasked with reviewing 
concession contracts by December 2016. However, after the publication of resolution No. 673/2016, the 
deadline for reviewing these contracts was postponed to 30 June 2017, notwithstanding revised concession 
contracts have been not signed yet.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
In October 2019, Law No. 13,879/2019 entered into force to establish a new regulatory framework for the 
telecommunications sector in Brazil. It is the biggest change in Brazilian law in 20 years. 
The new telecommunications framework allows the STFC Incumbents to adapt their agreements from a 
public regime (concession) to a private regime (authorisation). This change from concession to authorisation 
must be requested by the concessionaire and it should be approved by ANATEL. In return, concessionaires 
must, among other conditions, make investment commitments to expand their fixed broadband services, 
especially in areas without adequate competition, in order to minimise gaps and inequalities between 
Brazilian regions. 
Additionally, it also changes the radiofrequency rules, establishing subsequent and unlimited renewals over 
20 years, previously not allowed in the old framework, and the creation of a secondary spectrum market, 
allowing radiofrequency trading among players. 
In June 2020, the federal government published decree No. 10,402/2020 which regulates Law No. 
13,879/2019 and provides for the adaptation of the concession agreement into authorisation, the extension 
and transfer of radiofrequency authorisation, and grants of telecommunications service and satellite 
exploration rights. It also confirmed that the current authorisations are covered by the new rule for successive 
renewals. 
Additionally, decree No 9,612/2018 (the Connectivity Plan Decree) entered into force in 2018 which 
updates and consolidates, in a single instrument, the public policies for the telecommunications in Brazil. 
The Connectivity Plan Decree establishes a series of guidelines for execution of terms of conduct 
adjustment, onerous granting of spectrum authorisation and regulatory acts in general which includes: (i) 
expansion of high capacity telecommunications transport networks; (ii) increased coverage of mobile 
broadband access networks; and (iii) broadening the coverage of fixed broadband access network in areas 
with no internet access offer through this type of infrastructure. It also establishes that the network 
implemented from the commitments will be subject to sharing from its entry into operation, except when 
there is appropriate competition in the respective relevant market. 
The Connectivity Plan Decree repealed Decree No. 4,733/2003, which provided for public 
telecommunications policies, Decree No. 7,175/2010, which established the National Broadband Plan 
(PNBL), and decree No. 8.776/2016, which created the Brazil intelligent program, a new stage of expansion 
of the PNBL with actions to universalise access to the Internet and increase the average speed of fixed 
broadband in the country. 
 
In 2019, the decree No. 9,854/2019, the National Plan for Internet of Things (IoT) was published in order to 
regulate and encourage this environment in Brazil. It refers to IoT as “the infrastructure that integrates the 
provision of value-added services with physical or virtual connection capabilities of things with devices 
based on existing information and communication technologies and their evolution, with interoperability”. 
The Decree states that the following subjects are required to further support the National Plan for Internet of 
Things: “(i) science, technology and innovation; (ii) international insertion; (iii) vocational education and 
training; (iv) connectivity and interoperability infrastructure; (v) regulation, security and privacy; and (vi) 
economic viability”.  
 
In order to develop an IoT environment in the country, law 14,108/2020 was sanctioned exempting FISTEL 
for five years (an administrative tax collected by ANATEL) from the base stations and equipment that 
integrate the machine to machine (M2M) ecosystems and, also, extinguishes the prior licensing. The 
definition and regulation of M2M communication systems shall be established by ANATEL. 
In order to use the Universal Telecom Services Fund (FUST), (i.e. the contribution that the telecom sector 
makes annually), law 14,109/2020 was introduce authorising the use of FUST, including by the private 
sector, to expand connectivity in rural or urban areas with a low human development Index (HDI) as well as 
policies for education and tech innovation of services in rural areas. 
 
In 2020, the decree No. 10,480/2020 was published by the federal government, which regulates the antennas 
law (law 13,116/2015) with the purpose of stimulating the development of the telecommunications network 
infrastructure. This decree fosters development of telecom network infrastructure and is a major step towards 
unlocking historical problems in the sector preventing its development (free right of way on highways and

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
railways, positive silence, small cells, dig once are some of the examples of such regulatory removal of 
historical problems). 
On 15 June 2021, Provisional Measure 1018/2020 was transformed into Law No. 14.173/2021, reducing the 
charges for satellite internet terrestrial stations and changing some of FUST application rules. 
 
The law reduces FUST collection between 2022 and 2026 to telecommunications operators that run 
universalisation programs approved by the management council (to still be approved) with their own 
resources. The benefit will be valid for five years from 1 January 2022 and will be progressive: 10% in the 
first year; 25% in the second year; 40% in the third year; and 50% from the fourth year onwards. 
 
In addition, the new legislation removes the obligation to share towers within a distance of less than 500 
metres from each other. The elimination of this obligation is essential for the deployment of 5G in Brazil, 
including to ensure the densification scenario expected for the new technology.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
LITIGATION 
The most significant arbitration cases and legal or fiscal disputes in which the TIM Group is involved as of 
the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus are presented below. 
As at 31 March 2021, the TIM Group has accrued provisions totalling 579 million euro for those disputes 
described below where the risk of losing the case has been considered probable.  
It should be noted that for some disputes described below, on the basis of the information available at the 
closing date of the TIM Group’s Unaudited Financial Information as of and for the three months ended 31 
March 2020, and with particular reference to the complexity of the proceedings, to their progress, and to 
elements of uncertainty of a technical-trial nature, it was not possible to make a reliable estimate of the size 
and/or times of possible payments, if any. Moreover, in those cases in which disclosure of information on a 
dispute could seriously jeopardise the position of TIM or its subsidiaries, only the general nature of the 
dispute is described.  
Lastly, as regards the proceedings with the Antitrust Authority, please note that based on Article 15, 
paragraph 1 of Italian Law 287/1990 (Antitrust Regulations), the Authority has the right to impose an 
administrative sanction calculated on the turnover of the Group in cases of breaches considered serious. 
 
A) SIGNIFICANT DISPUTES AND PENDING LEGAL ACTIONS 
International tax and regulatory disputes 
As at 31 March 2021, the Brasil Business Unit is involved in tax and regulatory disputes, the outcome of 
which is estimated as a possible loss amounting to 16.6 billion Reais (16.6 billion Reais as of December 31, 
2020). The main types of disputes involved are listed below, classified according to the jurisdictional taxing 
authority levels they refer to. 
Federal Taxes  
On 22 March 2011, TIM Celular S.A. a company incorporated into TIM S.A. starting from 31 October 2018 
(TIM Celular) was served notice of a tax assessment issued by the Federal Tax Authorities of Brazil for a 
total sum of 1,265 million Reais as of the date of the notification, including fines and interest, as a result of 
the completion of a tax investigation of financial years 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009 for the companies TIM 
Nordeste Telecomunicações S.A. and TIM Nordeste S.A. (formerly Maxitel), companies which have been 
progressively incorporated into TIM Celular with the aim of rationalising the corporate structure in Brazil. 
 
The assessment notice includes various adjustments; the main claims may be summarised as follows: 
 
 
non-recognition of the fiscal effects of the merger of TIM Nordeste Telecomunicações S.A. and Maxitel 
S.A.; 
 
non-recognition of the tax-deductibility of the write-down of goodwill relating to the purchase of Tele 
Nordeste Celular Participações S.A. (TNC). 
 
denial of certain tax offsets; and 
 
denial of the SUDENE territorial tax benefit due to alleged irregularities in the management and 
reporting of the benefit. 
 
The adjustments included in the assessment notice were challenged by TIM Celular, in administrative 
proceedings, through the presentation of its first objections on 20 April 2011. On 20 April 2012, TIM Celular 
received notification of the decision of the administrative court of first instance which confirmed the findings 
set out in the assessment notice. TIM Celular promptly filed an appeal against this decision on 21 May 2012.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
TIM Celular, as confirmed by fitting legal opinions, believes it is unlikely that the company could suffer any 
negative consequences in relation to these matters. 
With respect to the above disputes, on 28 April 2021 the Company was officially notified of a favourable 
decision of the administrative council of tax appeals (CARF) related to the administrative trial that took 
place in 2017. This administrative judgment results in a partial, but definitive, success of R$ 736 million 
(historical values) and R$ 1.4 billion (updated values) that corresponds to 58% of the original amount 
assessed. 
 
Of such total amount, R$ 43 million (historical values) and R$ 79 million (updated values) were already 
classified as remote risk and the remainder as possible risk. The full amount corresponding to the partial 
success will be definitively excluded from the tax contingency and the remaining amount will continue to be 
discussed in the course of the administrative proceeding, which will still be brought to the attention of the 
upper chamber of the CARF. 
At the federal level, disputes involving the following are also noted: 
 
use of tax losses; 
 
tax deductibility of the amortisation of goodwill; 
 
taxation on income from certain types of exchange movements; 
 
withholding of taxes on certain types of payments made abroad (for example, payments for international 
roaming); and 
 
offsetting between debt taxes and credit positions of group companies. 
The overall risk involved in connection with these cases, that is considered possible, amounts to 4.3 billion 
Reais (4.3 billion Reais as of 31 December 2020). 
State Taxes  
In connection with state taxes, there are numerous disputes regarding the Tax on Commerce and Services 
(Imposto sobre Circulaçao de Mercadorias e Serviços) (ICMS), and in particular:  
 
 
disputes concerning the reduction of the tax base through discounts granted to customers: in addition to 
disputes regarding the use of tax credits declared by group companies against the repayment of telephone 
terminals on loan, and following the detection of subscription fraud perpetrated against the companies; 
 
subjecting certain types of fees to ICMS, accrued in favour of group companies and classified by them as 
fees for services other than telecommunications; 
 
disputes concerning the use of the “PRO-DF” tax benefit originally granted by some States and 
subsequently declared unconstitutional (the dispute refers to the actual credit for ICMS, declared by TIM 
Celular on the basis of the aforementioned facilitation provisions); 
 
disputes relating to the use of credits for ICMS, recognised by TIM Group companies as a result of the 
acquisition of tangible assets, and in relation to the supply of electricity to the companies, as well as in 
the application of the provisions on acting as a withholding agent; and 
 
penalties imposed on group companies for irregularities in tax return compliance. 
 
In February 2018, the State of São Paulo notified two tax assessments regarding ICMS to TIM Celular, for a 
total amount of 679 million Reais (at the date of the assessment, including fines and interest). The first 
assessment (344 million Reais) regarded a challenge of ICMS credits in relation to acting as a withholding 
agent, applicable when equipment is bought and distributed in different States. The second assessment (335   
million Reais) challenged ICMS credits deriving from the “special credit” recognised by the company to its 
prepaid customers in anticipation of the subsequent top-up.  
 
In June 2018 the State of São Paulo notified TIM Celular of two further tax assessments, again relating to 
ICMS, for a total amount of 369 million Reais (as of the date of the assessment, including fines and interest). 
This assessment relates to ICMS credits deriving from the “special credit” recognised by TIM Celular

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
(incorporated by TIM S/A to its prepaid customers against subsequent top-up), as well as to the fines 
imposed for ICMS breaches.  
 
With respect to the abovementioned assessments related to ICMS issued by the State of São Paulo, the 
Company’s evaluation does not consider the chance of losing as likely. The company considered the 
convenience of paying only a minor share of the overall amount (32 million Reais), as it would benefit from 
a reduction in the sanctions and as an alternative to initiating a dispute. 
 
In late March 2020, the State of São Paulo issued a further tax assessment to the company (TIM S.A., as the 
incorporating company of TIM Celular), for a total amount of 362 million Reais (at the date of the 
assessment, including fines and interest). The notice is based on two alleged infringements: (i) the 
contestation of the ICMS credits deriving from the “special credit” recognized by the company to its prepaid 
customers in anticipation of the subsequent top-up, for the period April-October 2015; and (ii) the 
discrepancy between the information submitted with periodic reports and figures on taxes paid (a 
discrepancy due to differences in reporting arrangements). 
 
Overall, the risk for these cases, considered to be possible, amounts to 8.6 billion Reais (8.6 billion Reais at 
December 31, 2020). 
 
Municipal Taxes 
Among disputes classified with a “possible” degree of risk, there are some relating to municipal taxes for a 
total amounting to around 0.7 billion Reais (around 0.7 billion Reais at 31 December 2020). 
FUST and FUNTTEL  
The main challenges about contributions to the regulatory body (ANATEL), and in particular in terms of 
FUST and FUNTTEL, concern whether or not interconnection revenues should be subject to these 
contributions. 
 
Overall, the risk for these cases, considered to be possible, amounts to 3 billion Reais (3 billion Reais at 
31 December 2020). 
*** 
 
With respect to the tax receivables recognised after the positive outcome of tax disputes concerning the 
inclusion of the ICMS in the taxable base of the PIS and COFINS contributions (i.e. contribution for the 
employees’ profit participation programme and contribution for the financing of social security), which were 
levied on the gross revenues of the company, referred to in the 2019 Annual Financial Report, TIM S.A. is 
going on in 2021, as occurred during 2020, with the use of registered tax receivables, in accordance with the 
formal certification procedures provided by the Brazilian tax authorities. 
 
Administrative offense charge pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 for the so-called TIM Security 
Affair  
In December 2008, TIM received notification of the application for its committal for trial for the 
administrative offense specified in articles 21 and 25, subsections 2 and 4, of legislative decree no. 231/2001 
in relation to the affairs that involved several former employees of the Security function and former 
collaborators of TIM charged among other things with offences involving corruption of public officials, with 
the object of acquiring information from confidential files. In May 2010 TIM ceased being a defendant in the 
criminal trial, after the Judge for the Preliminary Hearing approved the motion for settlement of the 
proceedings (plea bargaining) presented by TIM. In the hearing before Section One of the Milan Court of 
Assises, TIM acted in the dual role of civil party and civilly liable party. In fact, on the one hand it was 
admitted as civil party against all the defendants for all charges, and on the other it was also cited as the party 
with civil liability pursuant to article 2049 of the Italian Civil Code for the actions of the defendants in 
relation to 32 civil parties. Telecom Italia Latam and Telecom Italia Audit and Compliance Services (now

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
incorporated into TIM) also participated in the hearing as civil parties, having filed appearances since the 
Preliminary Hearing and brought charges against the defendants for hacking.  
 
After the lengthy evidentiary hearings, 22 civil parties filed claims for compensation, including against TIM 
as civilly liable party, for over 60 million euro (of which over 42 million euro was requested by a single civil 
party). TIM itself, as civil party, also summarised its conclusions against the defendants, requesting that they 
be found liable for all the damages suffered as a result of the facts of the case. In February 2013, Section 1 of 
the Milan Court of Assises issued the first instance judgment, sentencing the defendants to terms of 
imprisonment of between 7 years and 6 months and one year. The Court also recognised that there had been 
non-pecuniary damage to some of the civil parties as a consequence of the alleged facts, and sentenced the 
defendants, jointly and severally with civilly liable party TIM, to compensate said damages, totalling 
270,000 euro (in part jointly and severally with Pirelli) plus legal fees; at the same time the Court also 
sentenced the defendants to pay compensation for pecuniary and non-pecuniary damages incurred by TIM, 
granting it a provisional sum of 10 million euro. The judgment also recognised the existence of non-
pecuniary damage to the companies Telecom Italia Latam and Telecom Italia Audit & Compliance Services, 
sentencing the defendants to pay compensation for damages on an equitable basis of 20,000 euro for each 
company. In November 2013, the grounds for the judgment in the first instance were published (which, for 
its part, TIM decided not to contest). At the end of the appeal, which was brought by the convicted 
defendants, the judgment in the first instance was partly reversed. The appeal judge took note of the fact that 
the time-limit had expired on the majority of the charges, and made an order not to proceed against the 
defendants who had been convicted in the lower court, with the exception of two, who were found guilty of 
the offence of revealing information which was subject to a prohibition on disclosure. As for the civil 
judgments, the Court revoked those made by the judge of first instance and ruled in favour of three 
ministries, AGCM and the Revenues Agency. The Court also decided to revoke the provisional sum of 10 
million euro awarded to TIM as civil party at the end of the proceedings in the court of first instance, making 
a generic ruling that the defendants should pay compensatory civil damages. Finally, the appeal judge also 
rejected all the demands for compensation advanced on appeal by certain civil parties for a total of about 60 
million euro, in respect of which TIM has the role of party liable for damages. At the end of the appeal, 
therefore, the appeals court upheld the prior ruling, confirming that TIM, as the party liable for damages, had 
already paid the parties. The three defendants brought an appeal to the Supreme Court against the judgment 
of appeals court issued by the Milan Appeal Court of Assises.  
 
In April 2018 the Supreme Court confirmed the convictions of the defendants and cancelled the civil rulings, 
referring the issue generically to the civil court, for a more careful assessment of the claims made, above all 
concerning the quantum of evidence. It also cancelled and referred the confiscation in favour of the State, 
which will have to be reassessed by a different section of the Milan Court of Appeal under the scope of 
proceedings not involving the company. 
 
Golden Power Case  
In August 2017, the office of the Prime Minister initiated proceedings against TIM and Vivendi in order to 
verify the fact that TIM has an obligation to notify, pursuant to the Golden Power provisions, Vivendi’s 
acquisition of corporate control of TIM and the strategic assets it holds. In September 2017, the proceedings 
in question concluded by ascertaining that this obligation did exist for TIM effective as of 4 May 2017, the 
date of the shareholders’ meeting that renewed TIM’s corporate bodies. 
 
As a result of this decision of the office of the Prime Minister a new administrative procedure was started for 
the possible imposition on TIM of a pecuniary sanction according to the Golden Power provisions for non-
compliance with the notification obligation. The procedure was closed on 8 May 2018, with the imposition 
of a fine of 74.3 million euro. 
 
TIM believes it will be able to demonstrate that there were no obligations to notify with respect to Vivendi’s 
control and it has already submitted an extraordinary appeal to the President of the Republic to request the 
cancellation of the order of September 2017 and appealed the aforementioned fine and decision of 8 May 
2018, requesting its precautionary suspension. With an order in July 2018, the TAR granted this application

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
and suspended payment of the fine, setting a date for the appeal. In May 2018, a guarantee bond for 74.3 
million euro was also issued in favour of the office of the Prime Minister. TIM was requested to submit such 
bond for its application to the TAR for precautionary suspension of the collection of the fine imposed for 
alleged breach of Article 2 of Decree Law 21 of 15 March 2012, the “Golden Power” law. 
 
Moreover, the office of the Prime Minister exercised the special powers laid down by the Golden Power 
provision through two specific rulings in October and November 2017, with which it set specific 
prescriptions and conditions on TIM and the companies of TIM Group, Telecom Italia Sparkle and Telsy 
Elettronica e Telecomunicazioni. 
 
The prescriptions, according to the Administrative Authority, are premised on understanding that these 
companies, in part, perform activities relevant for national security and as far as TIM is concerned to the fact 
that it owns the infrastructure and the systems used to provide access to end-users of services covered by the 
universal service obligation. 
 
Any failure on the part of the recipients of the orders to execute the conditions and prescriptions is 
sanctioned in the same way as failure to notify significant acts for the purpose of the application of Golden 
Power provisions. 
 
The companies subject to the prescriptions are required to send periodic reports to a special Monitoring 
Committee established at the office of the Prime Minister in order to verify compliance with the 
aforementioned prescriptions. 
 
In December 2017, TIM Group sent the office of the Prime Minister the first compliance report outlining all 
the proposals and activities put in place to follow through with the prescriptions. 
 
TIM has also submitted an extraordinary appeal to the President of the Republic in this instance to request 
cancellation of the orders in question. 
The premise for exercising special powers was referred to the de facto control resulting from the outcome of 
the shareholders’ meeting of 4 May 2017 and to the direction and coordination of TIM by Vivendi. Both of 
these circumstances no longer apply, given: 
• 
at the shareholders’ meeting of 4 May 2018, the slate presented by the shareholders Elliott 
International LP, Elliott Associates LP and The Liverpool Limited Partnership received the majority 
vote;  
• 
the Board of Directors was re-appointed with 13 independent directors out of a total of 15, with only 
5 from the slate presented by Vivendi; and 
• 
Vivendi no longer has direction and coordination, nor is there de facto control as a result. 
 
Consequently, TIM requested the office of the Prime Minister to revoke the two decrees and communicated 
that, in the alternative, it was willing to cooperate with the office to define new measures applicable to TIM 
in view of the changed situation. 
 
In a decree of 6 July 2018, the Prime Minister’s Office did not consider an additional exercise of special 
powers, upholding the validity of the two Decrees already issued and rejecting the request to revoke them. 
The office of the Prime Minister reasoned that the new governance structures of the TIM would be highly 
variable and thus would not allow for the rulings according to which the special powers were exercised to be 
overruled, save for the need to protect the public interest as regards network security and operation. 
 
TIM filed additional arguments against the Prime Minister’s resolution of 6 July 2018, rejecting the appeal 
for revocation presented by TIM on the outcome of their changed corporate governance situation in the 
previous appeals filed against the Prime Minister’s decrees of 16 October and 2 November 2017. 
 
In a non-final-ruling published on May 2019, the TAR: (i) upheld TIM request of interim measures for the 
suspension of the fine conditioned to the offer of the guarantee; (ii) granted suspension of the proceeding in 
order to wait the final judgment in the (prejudicial) case pending before the President of the Republic

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
regarding the obligation to notify, pursuant to the Golden Power provisions; (iii) rejected the request of 
dismissing the case. 
 
In December 2020, the Council of State, with an unchallengeable final decision, declared void and null the 
statement of Consob, issued on 13 September 2017, qualifying as corporate control the position of Vivendi 
as TIM’s shareholder. An extraordinary appeal before the Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) was filed by 
Consob on 14 June 2021 on jurisdictional grounds; TIM will enter in the judgment, objecting that the appeal 
is unlawful and inadmissible in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure. 
 
Vodafone (A428)  
In August 2013, Vodafone, as incorporating company of operator Teletu, submitted to the Milan Court a 
huge claim for damages for presumed abusive and anticompetitive behaviour (founded principally on ICA 
case A428) which TIM allegedly implemented in the period 2008-2013. The pecuniary claim was quantified 
by Vodafone as an estimated sum of between 876 million euro and 1,029 million euro. 
 
In particular, Vodafone alleged technical boycotting activities, with refusal to activate lines requested for 
Teletu customers (in the period from 2008 to the month of June 2013), together with the adoption of 
allegedly abusive price policies for wholesale network access services (period from 2008 to the month of 
June 2013). Furthermore, the other party complained of the presumed application of discounts to business 
customers capable of squeezing competitors’ margins (“margin squeeze”) and the carrying out of presumed 
illegal and anticompetitive winback practices (in the period from the second half of 2012 to the month of 
June 2013). 
 
TIM filed an appearance, challenging the claims made by the other party regarding the merits and the 
amount and making a counterclaim. Following the August 2016 decision by the Court of Cassation, which 
confirmed that the Milan Court had jurisdiction to decide the dispute, the merits of the case will be decided 
at the hearing in December 2016. 
 
With a writ of summons dated 28 May 2015 before the Milan Court, Vodafone has advanced further claims 
for compensation, based on alleged practices similar to those ascertained by the ICA in case A428 and 
referring to alleged damages it suffered in the period July 2013-December 2014 (and therefore over a period 
of time subsequent to the period of the similar compensatory judgment mentioned above), for approximately 
568.5 million euro. 
 
The case also contains a reservation of further damages to be quantified, during the proceedings, for the 
following periods, the claimant alleging that the presumed abusive conduct of TIM continued. TIM filed an 
appearance, challenging the claims made by the other party regarding the merits and the amount and making 
a counterclaim. 
 
In an order made on 6 October 2016, the judge accepted Vodafone’s petition to join the two A428 
proceedings it had initiated. At the end of the reinstatement proceedings of 21 December, the terms were 
established for the preliminary briefs and a hearing was fixed for 11 July 2017 for the admission of evidence. 
 
When the first preliminary brief was filed, following the favourable outcome for TIM of proceedings A428-
C (which confirmed the absence of improper conduct by TIM under A428 after 2013), Vodafone decided 
nonetheless to file further claims for 2015-2016, thus restating its total claim to be 1,812 million euro, which 
was also disputed and rebutted by TIM. Finally, the case was settled as part of a global settlement with 
Vodafone.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
COLT TECHNOLOGY SERVICES  
With a writ of summons served in August 2015 before the Milan Court, operator Colt Technology Services 
(Colt) claimed damages based on the decisive order in case A428, referring to alleged damages suffered over 
the period 2009/2011, due to the presumed inefficient and discriminatory conduct of TIM in the process of 
supplying wholesale services. The damage claim was quantified as 27 million euro in loss of profits for the 
alleged non-acquisition of new customers, or for the alleged impossibility of supplying new services to the 
customers it had already acquired; the other party also formulated a request for compensation for the 
damages to its image and commercial reputation. This case follows the extrajudicial claim for approximately 
23 million euro, previously advanced by Colt in June 2015, which TIM rejected in its entirety. TIM filed an 
appearance, contesting all of the plaintiff’s allegations. 
 
COMM 3000 S.p.A. (formerly KPNQWest Italia S.p.A.) 
With a writ of summons before the Rome Court, KPNQ West Italia sued TIM, claiming damages totalling 37 
million euro for alleged abusive and anti-competitive conduct in the period 2009-2011, through technical 
boycotting (refusals to activate wholesale services—KOs); these claims were based on the content of the 
Italian Competition Authority decision in the A428 case. TIM filed an appearance, contesting all of the 
plaintiff’s allegations. The first hearing took place in May 2016. Following the judgment, with a sentence of 
April 2019, the Rome Court partially upheld the requests of KPNQ West Italia, ordering TIM to pay an 
amount significantly lower than the counterparty’s compensation claims. TIM challenged the judgment 
before the Court of Appeal of Rome, and also filed a separate request for suspension of the judgment.  
In July 2019 TIM obtained the suspension of the payment of a significant amount of what was stated by the 
first instance judgment. With sentence issued in April 2021, the Rome Court of Appeal partially accepted 
TIM’s appeal, reducing the amount of compensation due to COMM 3000, which was, in any event, fully 
covered by the related fund. 
 
TELEUNIT  
With a writ of summons issued in October 2009 before the Milan Appeal Court, Teleunit asked that TIM 
alleged acts of abuse of its dominant position in the premium services market be ascertained. The plaintiff 
quantified its damages at a total of approximately 362 million euro. TIM filed an appearance, contesting the 
claims of the other party. 
 
After the ruling of January 2014, with which the Court of Appeal declared that it was not competent in this 
matter and referred the case to the Court, Teleunit reinstated the case before the Milan Court the following 
April. TIM filed an appearance in the reinstated proceedings challenging the plaintiff’s claims. 
 
In its May 2017 judgment, the Milan Court rejected Teleunit’s claim in its entirety, and ordered the company 
to pay the legal costs of the case. This judgment was appealed by Teleunit, in June 2017, before the Milan 
Court of Appeal. TIM filed an appeal challenging the arguments presented by the other party and asking that 
the judgment in the first instance be fully confirmed.  
 
In its March 2018 order, the Milan Court of Appeal declared Teleunit’s appeal (pursuant to Article 348-bis 
of the Italian Code of Civil Procedure) to be manifestly without foundation, and thus inadmissible. In May 
2018 Teleunit appealed the judgment of the Court of Appeal to the Supreme Court. TIM served a defence on 
the appellant, requesting that the appealed ruling (including the judgment in the first instance) be confirmed 
in full. 
 
MC-Link  
MC-Link filed a damages claim for 51 million euro by writ of summons before the Rome Court, as 
compensation for TIM’s alleged anticompetitive and abusive conduct over the period 2009-2012 in the form

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
of technical boycotting (refusals to activate wholesale access lines – KOs). The claim was based on the 
decision of the Italian Competition Authority in the A428 case. 
TIM filed an appearance, contesting all of the plaintiff’s allegations.  
 
Eutelia and Clouditalia Telecomunicazioni  
 
By writ of summons in May 2020, Eutelia in Extraordinary Administration (Amministrazione Straordinaria) 
and Clouditalia Telecomunicazioni S.p.A., purchaser of Eutelia’s TLC going concern, sued TIM before the 
Court of Rome, filing claims for damages for approx. 40 million euro for damages allegedly suffered 
between 2009 and 2012 following the conduct of technical boycott and margin squeeze, under the AGCM 
(Italian Anti-trust Agency) A428 procedure. TIM filed its statement of defence and appeared in court, 
challenging the counterparty claims and lodging a counterclaim. 
 
Italian Competition Authority Case I-761  
With a ruling issued on 10 July 2013, AGCM included TIM in the investigation started in March 2013 into 
firms active in the fixed network maintenance sector. The investigation aims to establish if an agreement 
prohibited under article 101 of the TFEU existed among firms. 
 
The proceedings were initiated after Wind filed two complaints in which the ICA was informed that, based 
on an invitation to bid for the assignment of network corrective maintenance services, it had encountered 
substantial uniformity of prices offered by the aforementioned enterprises and a significant difference from 
the offers submitted subsequently by other and different companies. 
 
The AGCM alleged that TIM carried out a role of coordinating the other parts of the procedure, both during 
the formulation of the offers requested by Wind and in relation to the positions represented to 
communications regulator AGCom. 
 
TIM challenged these proceedings before the Lazio Administrative Court (TAR), claiming that the ICA does 
not have competence in this matter. 
 
On 7 July 2014, the AGCM announced the extension of the proceedings to confirm whether TIM, abusing its 
dominant position, put in place initiatives that might influence the conditions of the offer of accessory 
technical services when the offers of the maintenance businesses to Wind and Fastweb were being 
formulated. With the extension provision, the AGCM has also extended the deadline for closing the 
proceedings from the original date of 31 July 2014 to 31 July 2015. This extension was also challenged 
before the Lazio Administrative Court (TAR) claiming that the Italian Competition Authority does not have 
competence in this matter.  
 
In November 2014, for reasons of procedural economy and also convinced that it was acting legitimately, 
TIM presented to the Authority a proposal of undertakings in order to resolve the competition concerns 
which where the subject of the investigation. In its resolution of 19 December 2014, the ICA considered that 
these undertakings were not manifestly groundless and later ordered their publication for the purposes of 
market testing. 
 
On 25 March 2015, the AGCM definitively rejected the aforesaid undertakings, considering them not 
suitable for removing the anticompetitive aspects investigated. 
 
On 21 July 2015, the Communication of the Results of the Investigation was served on the parties to the 
proceedings, in which the Offices of AGCM expressed their position in the sense of (i) archiving the 
complaints regarding the abuse of dominant position and (ii) confirming, instead, that there existed between 
TIM and the maintenance firms an agreement to coordinate the economic offers drawn up for Wind and 
Fastweb, and to prevent the unbundled supply of the ancillary technical services.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
On 16 December 2015, the final AGCM decision was issued, confirming the conclusions of the 
Communication of the Results of the Investigation, claiming that, between 2012 and 2013, there existed an 
agreement that restricted competition, and as a result imposed on TIM a fine of 21.5 million euro. In March 
2016, TIM paid it. The relevant market is the corrective maintenance (assurance) market and, more 
precisely, the market for troubleshooting the TIM LLU lines. The purpose of the conduct maintained by TIM 
and the network firms would have been to limit competition and prevent the evolution of forms of unbundled 
supply of ancillary technical services. 
 
TIM appealed the AGCM decision before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court. In judgment no. 
09554/2016 issued in September 2016, the appeal was dismissed, and TIM appealed this decision to the 
Council of State. In a judgment in December 2019, the Council of State decided in favour of TIM, annulled 
the AGCM decision and fine and postponed for AGCM the task of carrying out the investigation ex novo 
within the limits decided by the Council of State itself. 
In 2020, TIM obtained repayment of the amount paid as a fine. As a result of the in-depth investigations 
carried out, in a letter dated April 2, 2021, the AGCM announced that it had closed the I761 investigation. 
VODAFONE (I-761)  
With a writ of summons before the Milan Court, Vodafone sued TIM and other network companies, seeking 
compensation from TIM (and from the other network companies) of approximately 193 million euro for 
damages arising from alleged anti-competitive conduct censured in the Italian Competition Authority Case I-
761 (on corrective maintenance). The period of the alleged infringements is 2011 to 2017. 
 
More precisely, Vodafone alleges TIM breached competition rules in the wholesale markets for the access to 
its fixed network (LLU lines, Bitstream, WLR), through the abuse of a dominant position and an unlawful 
agreement with the maintenance companies to keep the monopoly on the offer of corrective maintenance 
services on its network. In particular, this restrictive agreement would have concerned the coordination, by 
TIM, of the financial conditions contained in the offers submitted by the aforementioned maintenance 
companies to the OLOs at artificially high prices, in order to give the impression that the unbundling of the 
service itself were not convenient. TIM filed an appearance, contesting all of the other party’s requests.  
Finally, the case was settled as part of a global settlement with Vodafone. 
 
Italian Competition Authority Case A514  
 
In June 2017 the Italian Antitrust Authority (AGCM) started proceedings A514 against TIM, to ascertain a 
possible abuse of its dominant market position in breach of article 102 of the TFEU. The proceedings were 
started based on complaints filed in May and June 2017, by Infratel, Enel, Open Fiber, Vodafone and Wind 
Tre, and concerns a presumed abuse of TIM’s dominant position in the market for wholesale access services 
and for retail services using the broadband and ultrabroadband fixed network.  
 
In particular, the AGCM hypothesised that TIM had adopted conduct aimed at: i) slowing and hindering the 
course of the Infratel tender processes so as to delay, or render less remunerative the entry of another 
operator in the wholesale market; ii) pre-emptively securing customers on the retail market for 
ultrabroadband services by means of commercial policies designed to restrict the space of customer 
contendibility remaining for the competitor operators.  
 
After the start of the proceedings, the Authority’s officials carried out an inspection at some of TIM’s offices 
in the month of July 2017. On 2 November 2017, TIM filed a defence in which, in support of the correctness 
of its actions, it challenged all the arguments that the behaviour it had allegedly indulged in, and which are 
the object of the case, were actually unlawful. 
 
On 14 February 2018, AGCM resolved to extend the scope of the case to investigate further behaviour 
concerning TIM’s wholesale pricing strategy on the market for wholesale access to broadband and ultra-
broadband and the use of the confidential information of customers of the alternative operators. On 5 July 
2018, TIM filed proposed undertakings which, if accepted by the AGCM, would close the investigation

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
without any offense being established or sanction being administered. The undertakings were considered as 
admissible by the AGCM, that market tested them in August and September 2018. 
 
On 30 October 2018, TIM replied to observations made by third parties during the market test. Third parties 
expressed concerns about the effectiveness of the undertakings offered by TIM. As a result, in order to meet 
these concerns, TIM modified its proposed undertakings. In its 4 December 2018 decision, the Italian 
Antitrust Authority (AGCM) ultimately rejected the proposed series of undertakings as it considered them 
unsuitable in light of the objections raised. On 4 March 2019, TIM asked AGCM to extend the deadline for 
closing the proceeding. On 10 April 2019, AGCM decided the extension of the deadline for the end of the 
procedure to 30 September 2019.  
 
On 17 May 2019, AGCM issued its preliminary findings (the so-called Statement of Objections) affirming 
that TIM behaved unfairly, either at wholesale or retail level, having adopted a single exclusion strategy 
against Open Fiber since 2016. 
TIM continued to work in order to demonstrate that its behaviour didn’t breach antitrust rules. 
On 18 September 2019, AGCM decided to further postpone the end of the proceedings to February 28, 2020. 
On 25 September 2019, the final hearing took place at the AGCM offices.  
On 25 February 2020, AGCM issued its final decision (served on 6 March) imposing on TIM a fine of 
around 116 million euro as it found that TIM adopted an anti-competitive strategy aimed at hindering the 
development of ultrabroadband infrastructures in the so called “white areas”. TIM appealed the decision 
before the Latium Administrative on both on the merits and on the value of the fine. 
On 25 June 2020, TIM sent to AGCM the compliance report requested in the decision mentioned above. The 
Lazio Regional Administrative Court set the hearing for 3 November 2021. The company paid the penalty in 
May 2021. 
 
Antitrust Case I799  
On 1 February 2017, AGCM initiated investigation proceedings for possible breaches of Article 101 TFEU 
(ban on competition-restricting agreements) against TIM S.p.A. and Fastweb S.p.A., following the signing of 
an agreement aimed at establishing a joint cooperative enterprise Flash Fiber S.r.l.. In agreement with 
Fastweb, TIM has submitted several amendments to the agreements signed to the AGCM, in the form of 
proposed commitments, aimed at settling the proceedings without accepting the violation and, therefore, 
without any financial penalty. On 28 March 2018, AGCM resolved to approve the undertakings, make them 
binding on each party, and closed the proceeding without the imposition of any fine. 
 
On 9 May 2018, the first report regarding compliance with the undertakings was sent to AGCM. 
On 7 November 2018, AGCM acknowledged the report without raising any objection. 
On 30 January 2019, TIM filed a second report related to the fulfilment of annual coverage obligations set 
out in the undertakings, which was further detailed on 29 March 2019. 
Further information was finally sent to AGCM on 22 July 2019. 
On 15 October 2019, AGCM acknowledged all the information related to the second report mentioned 
above. 
On 31 January 2020, TIM filed the third report related to the fulfilment of annual coverage obligations set 
out in the undertakings. 
 
On 11 June 2018, Open Fiber S.p.A. and Wind Tre S.p.A. filed separate appeals to the TAR against the order 
closing case I-799 with the acceptance of the undertakings. They allege that this order had a series of 
procedural and substantial defects. In March 2020, TAR entirely dismissed the Open Fiber appeal. Currently, 
no hearing has been set for the Wind Tre appeal.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
Vodafone  
In June 2015 Vodafone issued proceedings for damages in the Milan Court for alleged abuse of a dominant 
position by TIM in the bitstream “NGA” and “VULA” fiber access services market, initially claiming around 
4.4 million euro, increased to a figure ranging from 30 to 48.9 million euro. 
 
The complaint alleged that TIM implemented aggressive offers to obtain customers hindering of Vodafone’s 
access to the fiber network to make it more difficult for it to provide ultrabroadband service to its customers. 
 
TIM filed an appearance contesting all of the allegations of the other party, and subsequently also its revision 
of the size of the damages claimed during the proceedings in 2016. Finally, the case was settled as part of a 
global settlement with Vodafone. 
 
EUTELIA and VOICEPLUS  
In June 2009, Eutelia S.p.A. (Eutelia) and Voiceplus S.r.l. (Voiceplus) asked that alleged acts of abuse by 
TIM of its dominant position in the premium services market (based on the public offer of services provided 
through so-called Non Geographic Numbers) be investigated. The complainants quantified their damages at 
a total of approximately 730 million euro. 
The case follows a precautionary procedure in which the Milan Appeal Court prohibited certain behaviours 
of TIM relating to the management of some financial relations with Eutelia and Voiceplus concerning the 
Non Geographic Numbers, for which TIM managed the payments from the end customers, on behalf of such 
OLOs and in the light of regulatory requirements. After the ruling with which the Milan Court of Appeal 
accepted TIM’s objections, declaring that it was not competent in this matter and referring the case to the 
Civil Court, Eutelia in extraordinary administration and Voiceplus in liquidation resubmitted the matter to 
the Milan Court. The first hearing took place in the month of March 2014. TIM filed an appearance 
challenging the claims of the other parties. After the collapse of Voiceplus, the Milan Court declared the case 
suspended, in an order in September 2015. The case was later resumed by Voiceplus. 
With a judgment issued in February 2018, the Milan Court upheld TIM’s defence and rejected the plaintiffs’ 
claim for compensation, ordering them, jointly and severally, to pay legal costs. In March 2018, Eutelia and 
Voiceplus appealed the first instance judgment. TIM asked for the appeal to be dismissed. By judgment 
delivered on 5 August 2019, the Court of Appeal rejected the plaintiffs’ claims. In December 2019 Eutelia 
and Voiceplus appealed the judgment of the Court of Appeal before the Italian Supreme Court. TIM filed its 
statement of defence requesting the Supreme Court to uphold such judgment. 
 
Iliad 
 
By summons served during the first quarter of 2020, Iliad Italia S.p.A. sued TIM before the Court of Milan 
for alleged anti-competitive conduct, including through the Kena Mobile brand, which was allegedly aimed 
at hindering its entry to and consolidation in the mobile phone market in Italy, seeking damages of at least 
71.4 million euro. 
 
TIM has filed an appearance fully contesting the requests of Iliad Italia S.p.A.; both by lodging, in turn, a 
counterclaim pursuant to art. 2598 of the Italian Civil Code, with reference to the disparaging behaviours of 
Iliad Italia S.p.A. towards TIM, and also formulating a claim for damages. 
 
In the first preliminary brief, Iliad updated its claim for damages, taking it to 242.8 million euro. At the 
hearing of 13 April 2021, the judge reserved the right to deliberate on the parties’ preliminary motions. 
 
28-day billing  
Resolution 121/17/CONS introduced instructions on billing intervals for telephony, prescribing, for fixed 
telephony, that the interval should be monthly, or multiples thereof, and, for mobile telephony, that it should 
be at least four-weekly. TIM appealed resolution 121/17/CONS to the Regional Administrative Court. The

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
judgment rejecting the appeal was published in February 2018. TIM appealed this judgment to the Council 
of State on 18 June 2018. On September 23, 2020 the non-definitive ruling was published whereby the 
Council of State joined the appeals submitted by TIM, Vodafone, Fastweb and Wind Tre and ordered the 
prejudicial deferral to the European Union Court of Justice (EUCJ) on whether or not the Authority had the 
power to regulate the frequency of renewal of the commercial offers and invoicing periods, at the same time 
rejecting the other grounds of appeal submitted by the operators and suspending proceedings. In February 
2021, TIM filed its written observations on the requests for prejudicial judgment with the EUCJ.  
With its resolution 499/17/CONS, having confirmed the breach of resolution 121/17/CONS, AGCom fined 
TIM 1,160,000 euro, ordering it to make provision – when the billing cycle was restored to monthly intervals 
or multiples thereof – to return the amounts corresponding to the fee for the number of days that, from 23 
June 2017, had not been used by the users in terms of the supply of service due to the misalignment of the 
four-weekly and monthly billing cycles. TIM also appealed this second resolution to the Regional 
Administrative Court of Lazio, asking for its precautionary suspension which, on 22 February 2018, was 
accepted by the Regional Administrative Court of Lazio limited to the part relating to the reimbursement 
orders.  
 
Subsequently, law no 172 of 4 December 2017 decreed that contracts for the supply of electronic 
communications services should obligatorily prescribe that the renewal of offers and the billing of services 
be based on a month, or multiples thereof. TIM adapted to this order within the period of time prescribed by 
law, namely within 120 days of the date it came into force (5 April 2018).  
 
In March 2018, with decision 112/2018/CONS AGCom (i) cautioned TIM, with regard to fixed-line voice 
services only, against postponing the starting date of invoices issued after the return to monthly invoicing by 
the same number of days as those presumably deducted starting from 23 June 2017 with the four-weekly 
invoicing cycle; and (ii) revoked the preceding resolution 499/17/CONS in the part in which TIM was 
ordered to repay the amounts presumably lost from 23 June 2017 onwards, with the four-weekly billing 
cycle. This resolution was also challenged by with an additional submission triggered as part of the appeal 
against resolution 499/17/CONS, with a request for single precautionary measures, which was provisionally 
granted until the hearing before the Council on 11 April 2018 with a Presidential Decree published on 
26 March 2017.  
 
Under presidential decree 9/18/PRES, AGCom amended the provisions of decision 112/18/CONS requiring 
the deferment of billing once the billing cycle was restored to monthly intervals, or multiples thereof, while 
also ordering that the timescales for complying with the order would be identified after hearings with the 
operators and the main consumer protection associations. TIM and the other operators affected by the 
presidential decree waived the precautionary petition against resolution 112/18/CONS. In May 2018, TIM 
therefore appealed AGCom presidential decree 9/18/PRES and resolution 187/18/CONS which ratified this 
decree.  
 
In July 2018, AGCom issued resolution 269/18/CONS, with which it set 31 December 2018 as the date by 
which the operators must return to their fixed network customers a number of days of service equal to those 
eroded as an effect of 28-day billing, or propose to the affected customers any alternative compensatory 
measures, after having notified them to AGCom. TIM, in keeping with actions taken and arguments made, 
appealed this resolution.  
 
In September 2018, TIM appealed resolution 297/18/CONS in which AGCom imposed a fine of 696,000 
euro for having continued to adopt – in violation of AGCom resolution 121/17/CONS – four-weekly billing 
and renewal of consumer offers as from 16 February 2018 (and until 31 March 2018). With the judgment 
published in November 2018, the TAR canceled the pecuniary administrative sanction of 1.16 million euro 
imposed with resolution 499/17/CONS, and confirmed the obligation of restitutio in integrum. TIM 
submitted its preventive appeal before the Council of State to interrupt execution of said decision and, with 
its ruling of 20 December 2018, the Council of State, in upholding TIM’s appeal, interrupted the 
effectiveness of the aforesaid decision for the reversal order only, until 31 March 2019.  
 
In November 2018, AGCom published resolution 521/18/CONS with which it imposed a sanction of 
1,044,000 euro on TIM. The sanction was imposed for breach of the transparency rules and rights to

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
withdraw in amending the contractual terms and conditions of the mobile offers applied to customers starting 
from 8 April 2018 following restoration of monthly billing. TIM appealed this resolution as well to the 
Regional Administrative Court in January 2019. Following a new application submitted by TIM, the Council 
of State, with its ruling published on 20 March 2019, extended the precautionary measure to suspend the 
effectiveness of the decision until 21 May 2019 while awaiting publication of the grounds for the judgment.  
 
Having acknowledged the publication of the grounds of the ruling handed down on 10 May 2019, the 
Council on 21 May 2019 ordered postponement of discussion of the application for precautionary measures 
to the Council meeting of 4 July 2019 in order to allow TIM to finalise its additional grounds with a new 
application for precautionary measures. Following this hearing, the Council of State rejected TIM’s 
application to suspend execution of the ruling of the Regional Administrative Court with its ruling published 
on 5 July 2019, so it is operational starting from 21 May 2019. The hearing to discuss the introductory 
appeal and additional grounds submitted by TIM in the meantime is still, as of writing, to be set. On 12 July 
2019 the ruling mechanisms with which the Council of State rejected the similar appeals made by Vodafone, 
Wind Tre and Fastweb were published and in February 2020 the grounds of these rulings were also 
published.  
 
In September 2019, TIM also challenged resolution 221/19/CONS, before the Lazio Administrative Court 
(TAR), with which the sanction pursuant to resolution 499/17/CONS, cancelled by the Regional 
Administrative Court of Lazio, was recalculated to the amount of 580,000.00 euro, with the maximum fine, 
provided for by Art. 98, paragraph 16 of the CCE in force at the time of the events, applied.  
 
In August 2019, AGCom initiated new proceedings (CONT 12/19/DTC) for failure to comply with the order 
to refund the days eroded by billing every 28 days for fixed network and convergent customers, according to 
the procedures established with resolutions nos. 112/18/CONS and 269/18/CONS. On conclusion of these 
proceedings, by means of resolution 75/20/CONS, the authority found that TIM did not comply with the 
above resolutions, imposing a fine of 3 million euro. The measure was challenged by TIM before the TAR in 
July 2020. 
 
In the meantime, in June 2019, TIM had in any case decided to offer its fixed network customers, active 
prior to 31 March 2018 and subjected to billing every 28 days, the possibility of accepting a compensatory 
solution, an alternative to refunding the eroded days pursuant to AGCom resolution no. 269/18/CONS. 
Subsequently, from September 2019, TIM decided to also accept requests for the refund of the eroded days. 
In both cases, TIM informed customers with several messages in the bill, on the website and in the main 
newspapers. The initiatives just described were communicated to AGCom as part of the aforementioned 
penalty proceedings. 
 
Antitrust Case I820 
Lastly, on 19 February 2018, the AGCM initiated a I820 preliminary, statutory investigation against the 
companies TIM, Vodafone, Fastweb, Wind-Tre and the associations of category (ASSTEL) to determine 
whether an understanding existed aiming to limit competition between the main fixed and mobile telephony 
operators through the coordination of their respective commercial strategies in violation of art. 101 TFEU. 
 
The alleged coordination, according to AGCM, would have been carried out through the execution of the 
obligations introduced by article 19 quinquiesdecies of legislative decree no. 148/2017 (converted by law no. 
172/2017) which requires operators of electronic communication services to provide monthly (or more than 
once a month) invoicing and renewal of the offers for fixed and mobile services. On 21 March 2018, AGCM 
issued a provisional precautionary measure against all the operators involved in the proceedings with which 
it ordered the suspension, pending the proceedings, of the implementation of the agreement concerning the 
determination of repricing communicated to users at the time of reformulating the billing cycle in 
compliance with law 172/2017 and to independently redetermine its commercial strategy. The order with 
which AGCM confirmed the precautionary measure was published on 13 April 2018.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
On 12 June 2018, TIM filed an appeal with the TAR requesting that the AGCM precautionary measure 
27112 dated 11 April 2018 be set aside. In its session on 27 June 2018, AGCM took note of the brief 
submitted by TIM regarding compliance with the precautionary measure.  
 
On 17 July 2019, AGCM resolved to extend the deadline for conclusion of the proceedings until 31 January 
2020. In the findings of the preliminary inquiry (CRI) communicated by AGCM to TIM, the Offices confirm 
the existence of a unique, complex and continuous agreement restricting competition between Telecom, 
Vodafone, Fastweb and Wind Tre, with the facilitation of Asstel category association. On 10 October 2019, 
TIM filed its final brief and the final hearing was held on 15 October 2019 at AGCM. On 31 January 2020 
the final decision of the proceedings was notified to TIM, where AGCM resolved the existence of the 
agreement between TIM, Vodafone, Wind Tre and Fastweb. The sanction imposed on TIM for participating 
in the anti-competitive agreement is equal to 114,398,325 euro. TIM challenged the decision and the public 
hearing was held on May 26, 2021; the proceedings are now in decision. 
 
Vodafone Dispute – Universal Service  
With a decision published in July 2015, the Council of State dismissed the appeal lodged by AGCom and 
TIM against the judgment of the Lazio Administrative Court (TAR) on the financing of the universal service 
obligations for the period 1999-2003. With this judgment the judge had granted the appeals by Vodafone, 
annulling AGCom decisions 106, 107, 109/11/CONS on the renewal of the related proceedings, which 
included Vodafone among the subjects required to contribute, for a sum of approximately 38 million euro. 
Essentially, the judgment confirms that the Authority has not demonstrated the particular degree of 
“replaceability” between fixed and mobile telephony for mobile operators to be included among the subjects 
required to repay the cost of the universal service, which means that AGCom needs to issue a new ruling.  
 
TIM has filed an application with AGCom to renew the proceedings, and an appeal against the judgment of 
the Court of Appeal to the Italian Supreme Court (which subsequently ruled that the appeal was 
inadmissible). 
 
In April 2016, Vodafone appealed against the Ministry of Economic Development (MISE) and TIM to the 
Council of State, for non-compliance with the judgment of the Council of State. This appeal related to 
AGCom decision 109/11/CONS (2003 yearly payment, on the basis of which Vodafone had paid the sum of 
approximately 9 million euro as contribution, restitution of which was requested).  
 
In its judgment of November 2016, the Council of State dismissed the appeal, referring to the Lazio 
Administrative Court (TAR) the decision on the methods of compliance. In February 2017, Vodafone 
presented the Lazio Administrative Court with four new appeals against the Ministry of Economic 
Development and TIM regarding observance of the ruling, upheld on appeal, countermanding the resolutions 
for the years 1999-2003 and repayment of the amounts of around 38 million euro already paid to the 
Ministry of Economic Development as a contribution. 
 
In its June 2018 judgment, the Lazio Administrative Court (TAR) dismissed all of Vodafone’s appeals, and, 
as requested by TIM, expressly stated that AGCom must renew the proceedings, particularly with regard to 
the determination of the degree of replaceability between fixed and mobile telephony. Vodafone appealed 
the four judgments to the Council of State. With a judgment published in October 2019, the Council of State 
granted the appeal of Vodafone mandating that TIM is under the obligation to return the disputed amount. 
 
With resolution no. 263/20/CIR, AGCom initiated proceedings to revise the investigation regarding the 
unfairness of the net cost of the universal service for the years 1999 – 2009. Vodafone appealed this 
resolution before the Regional Administrative Court. The renewal procedure was concluded with resolution 
18/21/CIR, which substantially confirmed the outline of the measure. This latter resolution was challenged 
by TIM exclusively in relation to the years 1999 and 2000, whilst Vodafone, Wind and Fastweb challenged 
the resolution in relation to all the years concerned.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
Dispute on “Adjustments to concession fees” for the years 1994–1998  
With respect to the judgments sought in previous years concerning the Ministry of Communications’ request 
for payment of the balance of the amounts paid in concession charges for the years 1994-1998 (for a total of 
113 million euro), the Lazio Administrative Court (TAR) dismissed TIM’s appeal against the request for 
adjustment of the concession fee for 1994 in the amount of approximately 11 million euro, 9 million euro of 
which against turnover not received due to bad debts. TIM lodged an appeal which the Council of State 
partially granted by a judgment published in December 2019, especially in reference to bad debts. Currently 
the Ministry of Communication is implementing an administrative procedure in order to execute the Council 
of State’s judgment. 
 
With two further judgments, the Lazio Administrative Court (TAR) reiterating the reasons previously 
expressed also dismissed the appeals with which TIM challenged the requests for payment of outstanding 
balances of concession fees for the years 1995 and 1996-1997-1998, for the amount of approximately 
46 million euro. TIM has also appealed these judgments before the Council of State. 
 
With regard to a portion of the 1998 fee adjustment (approximately 41 million), the Lazio Administrative 
Court (TAR), by order of December 2018, suspended the judgment, raising preliminary questions with the 
EU Court of Justice on the correct scope of EC Directive no. 97/13 (in the matter of general authorisations 
and individual licences in the field of telecommunications services on the basis of the currently pending 
litigation on the 1998 concession fee and illustrated in a subsequent paragraph). The referred questions are 
based, inter alia, on the question brought to the EU Court of Justice on the possible conflict between the 
aforementioned EC Directive 97/13 and national law, which extended the obligation for telecommunications 
license-holders to pay the concession fee for 1998 (commensurate with a portion of turnover), despite the 
liberalisation process underway. Recently the EU Court of Justice issued its judgment confirming the 
existence of a conflict between EC Directive 97/13 and the national law providing the obligation for licence 
holders to pay a concession fee also for 1998.  
 
Following the sentence of the European Court of Justice, the judgment regarding the 1998 fee adjustment 
was resumed before the TAR, which, in a sentence handed down in February 2009, declared TIM’s appeal 
inadmissible on procedural grounds, namely due to the prevalence of the formal ruling contained in sentence 
7506/2009. In substance, however, the sentence of the European Court of Justice once again established the 
illegitimacy of the public administration claim to obtain payment of the 1998 fee and, consequently, of the 
related offset. The company has appealed the TAR’s sentence. 
 
POSTE 
Litigation is still pending for lawsuits brought at the end of the 1990s by Ing. C. Olivetti & C. S.p.A. (now 
TIM) against Poste Italiane S.p.A. (Poste) for the non-payment of services provided under a series of supply 
agreements for IT goods and services. The judgments handed down on first instance ruled partially in favour 
of the former Olivetti, but were challenged by Poste in individual appeals. 
 
In 2009, the Court of Appeal of Rome confirmed one of the credit claims of TIM, however in another 
judgment the same Court declared one of the disputed agreements null and void. Following that judgment, 
Poste served a writ of execution for the reimbursement of approximately 58 million euro, which TIM 
rejected given that its appeal against the judgment was still pending before the Supreme Court. 
 
In 2012, the Supreme Court overturned the Appeal Court ruling on which the writ of execution was based, 
after which the Rome Court ruled that the enforcement procedure was devoid of purpose as there was no 
longer any basis for the writ of execution obtained by Poste. The case has been reinstated before another 
section of the Court of Appeal of Rome. In a recent ruling, published on 25 January 2019, the Rome Court of 
Appeal at the time of proceedings, reversed the TIM’s previously unfavourable appeal, confirming the 
contract’s validity and, with it, the legitimacy of TIM’s view of the amount already collected, of which Poste 
had requested reimbursement. This ruling was challenged by Poste with an appeal before the Supreme Court 
(Corte di Cassazione), notified on 31 July 2019, opposed by TIM with a counter-appeal.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
Elinet S.p.A. Bankruptcy  
The receivers of collapsed Elinet S.p.A., and subsequently the receivers of Elitel S.r.l. and Elitel Telecom 
S.p.A (the controller of the Elitel group at the time), have appealed in 2014 the judgment with which the 
Rome Court rejected the claims for compensation made by the receivers of Elinet-Elitel, reproposing a claim 
for damages totalling 282 million euro. The claims made involve the alleged performance of management 
and coordination activities of the plaintiff, and with it the Elitel group (alternative operator in which TIM has 
never had any type of interest), allegedly enacted by playing the card of trade receivables management. TIM 
filed an appearance, challenging the claims made by the other party. The Appeal Court rejected the 
counterparties’ requests and, in January 2020, only the receivers of the collapsed Elinet S.p.A. and the 
receivers of the collapsed Elitel Telecom S.p.A. appealed before the Italian Supreme Court. TIM filed a 
defensive brief in March 2020. Currently the value of the litigation stands at about 242 million euro. 
Brazil – Opportunity Arbitration 
In May 2012, TIM and Telecom Italia International N.V. (now merged in Telecom Italia Finance) were 
served with a notice of arbitration proceedings brought by the opportunity group, claiming compensation for 
damages allegedly suffered for presumed breach of a settlement agreement signed in 2005. Based on the 
claimant’s allegations, the damages relate to circumstances that emerged in the criminal proceedings pending 
before the Milan Court regarding, inter alia, unlawful activities engaged in by former employees of TIM. 
 
The investigatory phase having been completed, the hearing for oral discussion took place in November 
2014, after which the parties filed their concluding arguments in preparation for the decision on the case.  
 
In September 2015, the board of arbitration declared the proceedings closed, as the award was going to be 
filed.  
Subsequently, the board of arbitration allowed the parties to exchange short arguments and the International 
Chamber of Commerce (ICC) Court extended the term for the filing of the award. 
 
In September 2016, the ICC Court notified the parties the judgment, based on which the board of arbitration 
rejected all the claims made by the opportunity group and decided that the legal costs, administrative costs 
and costs for expert witnesses should be split between the parties (the 2016 Award). 
 
In April 2017, the opportunity group filed an appeal against the 2016 Award before the Paris Court of 
Appeal. 
 
In November 2017, TIM and Telecom Italia Finance received from the Secretariat of the ICC’s International 
Court of Arbitration notice of a request for revision of the 2016 Award, filed by the opportunity group, 
asking for a new ruling. A board of arbitration was subsequently established.  
 
In October 2018, TIM and Telecom italia Finance requested the proceedings pending before the Court of 
Appeal of Paris to be suspended, in the light of proceedings pending before the ICC Board of Arbitration to 
review the same 2016 Award. In November 2018, the Court of Appeal of Paris suspended the proceedings 
until a decision is made by the Board of Arbitration in the review proceedings. 
 
As regards the proceedings to review the 2016 Award, in October 2019, discussion hearings were held in 
Paris.  In August 2020, the Board of Arbitration issued its judgment dismissing the Request for Revision 
made by the opportunity group (the 2020 Award).  
 
In December 2020, the opportunity group filed an appeal against the 2020 Award before the Paris Court of 
Appeal. In May 2021, the opportunity group asked the Paris Court of Appeals to reinstate the proceedings 
started against the 2016 Award.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
Open Fiber S.p.A.  
With a writ of summons served on TIM in March 2020, Open Fiber requested the Court of Rome to award 
Open Fiber compensation for damages amounting to a total of 1,500 million euro resulting from an alleged 
abuse of dominant position against Open Fiber. The contested practices consists of: (i) pre-emptive 
investments in FTTC networks in white areas; (ii) bringing sham litigation to hinder public tender 
proceedings administered by Infratel; (iii) anticompetitive repricing of some wholesale services; 
(iv) commercial lock-in offers on the retail market; (v) communication of false information to AGCom, 
when approving a wholesale offer, and spread of rumors about TIM’s interest in acquiring Open Fiber; and 
(vi) discrimination in terms of access to TIM’s passive infrastructures. TIM appealed the AGCM fining 
decision in the A514 case upon which Open Fiber legal action mainly relies. 
TIM appeared in court to fully contest the claims of the counterparty. Enel S.p.A. joined the proceedings and 
requested the court find TIM liable for the aforementioned alleged conducts and, as a result, order TIM to 
pay compensation for the damages suffered by Open Fiber and Enel S.p.A. itself. 
 
Fastweb 
 
In February 2021, Fastweb S.p.A. summoned TIM to appear before the Court of Milan, claiming damages of 
approximately 996 million euro for damage allegedly incurred as a result of TIM’s unlawful conduct, 
sanctioned by the Italian competition authority in the final ruling of proceeding A514, and of alleged 
opportunistic suspensions of activation orders sent by Fastweb S.p.A. 
Fastweb S.p.A. complains that TIM delayed the wholesale offer of ultra-wideband services by Open Fiber in 
the so-called white areas, consequently slowing down the offer of such services by Fastweb to end customers 
in these areas, and implemented tying practices in relations with end customers, hindering access to the 
market by alternative operators (including Fastweb). 
Moreover, TIM is alleged to have instrumentally managed the process of supplying wholesale access 
services to its fixed broadband and ultra-wideband network, opportunistically suspending activation orders 
forwarded by Fastweb and, in this way, hindering the activation of new customers on its part. TIM has 
appeared in court with solid arguments aimed at refuting Fastweb’s claims. 
 
B) OTHER INFORMATION  
Mobile telephony – criminal proceedings  
In March 2012, TIM was served notice of the conclusion of the preliminary enquiries, which showed that 
TIM was being investigated by the Public Prosecutor of Milan pursuant to the Legislative Decree no. 
231/2001, for the offences of handling stolen goods and counterfeiting committed, according to the alleged 
allegations, by fourteen employees of the so-called “ethnic channel”, with the participation of a number of 
dealers, for the purpose of obtaining undeserved commissions from TIM. 
 
TIM, as the injured party damaged by such conduct, had brought two legal actions in 2008 and 2009 and had 
proceeded to suspend the employees involved in the criminal proceedings (suspension later followed by 
dismissal). It has also filed an initial statement of defence, together with a technical report by its own expert, 
requesting that the proceedings against it be suspended, and that charges of aggravated fraud against TIM be 
brought against the other defendants. In December 2012, the Public Prosecutor’s Office filed a request for 89 
defendants and TIM itself to be committed for trial. 
 
During the preliminary hearing, TIM was admitted as civil party to the trial and, in November 2013, the 
conclusions in the interest of the civil party were filed, reaffirming TIM’s total lack of involvement in the 
offences claimed. 
 
At the end of the preliminary hearing, which took place in March 2014, the Judge for the Preliminary 
Hearing committed for trial all the defendants (including TIM) who had not asked for their situation to be 
settled with alternative procedures, on the grounds that “examination in a trial” was needed. In April 2016, at

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
the end of the first part of the trial, the Public Prosecutor asked for TIM to be sentenced to pay an 
administrative fine of 900 thousand euro, but decided not to ask for confiscation of any of the presumed 
profits of the offences (quantified in the committal proceedings as totalling several million euro), based on 
the assumption that TIM had in any event remedied the presumed organisational inadequacies. While 
acknowledging the considerable redimensioning of the accusations, TIM has reiterated its total non-
involvement in the facts at issue. In November 2016, the Court gave a verdict acquitting TIM on the grounds 
that there was no case to answer. All the individuals charged were also acquitted on various grounds. The 
acquittal judgment is not final, as it was challenged in April 2017 by the Public Prosecutor who sought 
appeal before the Supreme Court. 
  
The Public Prosecutor appealed the acquittal and appealed to the Supreme Court per saltum. In January 
2019, the Supreme Court of Cassation agreed to the appeal and therefore ordered that the documents of the 
proceedings be sent to the Milan Court of Appeal. The proceedings were assigned to chamber IV of the 
Milan Court of Appeal and are awaiting scheduling of the hearing. 
 
Dispute concerning the license fees for 1998  
TIM has issued civil proceedings against the Presidenza del Consiglio dei Ministri (the office of the Prime 
Minister) for compensation of the damage caused by the Italian State through appeal judgment no. 7506/09 
by the Council of State that, in the view of TIM, violates the principles of current European community law. 
 
The main claim which the proceedings are founded on is based on community jurisprudence that recognises 
the right to assert the responsibility of the State in relation to violation of rights recognised in community law 
and injured by a judgment that has become definitive, in respect of which no other remedy may be applied. 
The judgment of the Council of State definitively denied the right of TIM to restitution of the concession 
charge for 1998 (totalling 386 million euro for Telecom Italia and 143 million euro for the former TIM 
Company, plus interest), already denied by the Lazio regional administrative court despite the favourable and 
binding opinion of the European Court of Justice in February 2008 concerning the conflict between EC 
Directive 97/13 on general authorisations and individual licences in the telecommunications services 
industry, and the national regulations that had deferred, for 1998, the obligation to pay the fee payable by 
telecommunications concession holders, despite the intervening deregulation process. TIM also then 
proposed an alternative compensation claim, within the sphere of the same proceedings, for tort pursuant to 
art. 2043 of the Italian Civil Code. The compensation claimed has been quantified as approximately 529 
million euro, plus legal interest and revaluation. The Avvocatura di Stato filed an appearance and submitted 
a counterclaim for the same sum. The case was subject to eligibility analysis by the Court, which declared 
the inadmissibility of TIM’s main claim (case for damages for manifest breach of community law pursuant 
to law 117/88). However, this decision was amended in favour of TIM on appeal. In March 2015, the Rome 
Court issued its judgment in the first instance, declaring TIM’s application inadmissible. TIM has appealed 
the decision, and the case is now pending before the Court of Appeal.  
Vodafone (previously TELETU)  
With a summons issued in February 2012, TIM sued the operator TELETU (now incorporated into 
Vodafone), before the Court of Rome for unlawful refusals regarding reactivation with TIM of the 
competitor’s customers. The claim was quantified as approximately 93 million euro. With its sentence of 
December 2020, the Court ascertained that in the period from July 2008 to October 2011, TELETU carried 
out an unlawful competitive action pursuant to art. 2598 of the Italian Civil Code in relation to requests for 
migration to TIM, sentencing the same to pay TIM compensation of 1,378,000 euro plus interest and 
revaluation. The amount has been paid by Vodafone. Finally, as part of a global settlement with Vodafone, 
the parties agreed to not appeal such sentence.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
Other liabilities connected with the disposal of assets and investments 
Within the scope of agreements for the sale of assets and companies, the TIM Group committed to 
indemnifying the purchasers in the event of liabilities mainly arising in connection with issues of a legal, tax, 
social security or labour law nature, at an amount normally set as a percentage of the purchase price. 
 
The contingent liabilities in question amount to approximately 500 million euro. Accordingly, a total of 
approximately 20 million euro in provisions for risks were allocated to cover only those cases considered 
likely to result in the payment of an indemnity. 
 
In relation to other sales of assets and investments, the TIM Group committed to the payment of other 
indemnities relating to specific contractual provisions. The contingent liability connected with such 
indemnities cannot be presently determined.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
TIM GROUP – SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND STATISTICAL OPERATING 
DATA 
Financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS as of and for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 2019 
The selected financial data set forth below is the consolidated financial data of the TIM Group as of and for 
each of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, which has been extracted or derived from the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the TIM Group included in the 2020 TIM Annual Report and in the 
2019 TIM Annual Report (which are incorporated by reference herein) and which have been audited by EY 
S.p.A.. 
In 2020, the TIM Group applied the accounting policies on a basis consistent with those of the previous 
years, except for the new interpretations adopted starting from 1 January 2020 and described in the sections 
“New standards and interpretations endorsed by EU and in force from January 1, 2020” of the 2020 TIM 
Annual Report, incorporated by reference herein. 
The financial information described below should be read in conjunction with the 2020 TIM Annual Report 
and 2019 TIM Annual Report. 
Amounts presented in this section are prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
The selected financial data set forth below includes, in addition to the conventional financial performance 
measures established by IFRS, certain alternative performance measures (such as Operating profit 
(loss)/Revenues (ROS), Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount and Adjusted Net Financial Debt) that are 
presented for purposes of a better understanding of the trend of operations and the financial condition. Such 
measures should, however, not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS.  
In particular, as regards to Operating profit (loss)/Revenues (ROS), TIM believes that such measure 
represents an accurate indicator of how efficiently the TIM Group is generating profits from its top-line 
revenues. In fact, ROS measures the performance of an entity by analysing the percentage of total revenues 
that is converted into operating profit. This financial measure is used by TIM in internal and external 
presentations to analysts and investors. ROS is also used to compare current period calculations with 
calculations from previous periods. This allows TIM to conduct trend analysis and compare internal 
efficiency performance over time. 
For further details about Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount and Adjusted Net Financial Debt please also 
see note 5 below.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
(millions of euro, except 
percentages, ratios) 
Separate Consolidated Income Statement Data: 
 
 
Revenues ......................................................................................................... 
15,805 
17,974 
Operating profit (loss) ................................................................................... 
2,104 
3,175 
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations .................................... 
1,397 
1,739 
Profit (loss) from continuing operations ...................................................... 
7,352 
1,226 
Profit (loss) from Discontinued operations/Non-current assets held for sale .. 
- 
16 
Profit (loss) for the year ................................................................................ 
7,352 
1,242 
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to owners of the Parent(1) ....................... 
7,224 
916 
 
 
 
Capital expenditures & spectrum ................................................................ 
3,409 
3,784 
Financial Ratios: 
 
 
Operating profit (loss)/Revenues (ROS) .......................................................... 
13.3% 
17.7% 
Employees, average salaried workforce in the TIM Group, including 
personnel with temporary work contracts: 
 
 
Employees (excluding employees relating to the consolidated companies 
considered as Discontinued operations/Non-current assets held for sale) (average 
number) ........................................................................................................... 
49,099 
51,917 
Employees relating to the consolidated companies considered as Discontinued 
operations/Non-current assets held for sale (average number) ........................ 
- 
- 
Basic Earnings per Share (EPS)(2): 
 
 
Ordinary Share ................................................................................................. 
0.34 
0.04 
Savings Share .................................................................................................. 
0.35 
0.05 
Diluted Earnings per Share (EPS)(2): 
 
 
Ordinary Share ................................................................................................. 
0.33 
0.04 
Savings Share .................................................................................................. 
0.34 
0.05 
 
Dividends: 
 
 
per Ordinary Share ........................................................................................... 
0.0100 (3) 
0.0100 (3) 
per Savings Share ............................................................................................ 
0.0275(3) 
0.0275(3)

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
(millions of euro, except 
employees) 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data: 
 
 
Total Assets .................................................................................................... 
73,234 
70,104 
Equity: 
 
 
Equity attributable to owners of the Parent ....................................... 
26,215 
20,280 
Non-controlling interests  .................................................................. 
2,625 
2,346 
Total Equity ................................................................................................... 
28,840 
22,626 
Total Liabilities .............................................................................................. 
44,394 
47,478 
Total Equity and Liabilities .......................................................................... 
73,234 
70,104 
Share Capital(4) .............................................................................................. 
11,588 
11,587 
Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount(5) ...................................................... 
23,714 
28,246 
Adjusted Net Financial Debt(5) ...................................................................... 
23,326 
27,668 
Employees, number in the TIM Group at year-end, including personnel 
with temporary work contracts: 
 
 
Employees (excluding employees relating to the consolidated companies 
considered as Discontinued operations/Non-current assets held for sale) (number 
at year-end) ...................................................................................................... 
52,347 
55,198 
Employees relating to the consolidated companies considered as Discontinued 
operations/Non-current assets held for sale (number at year-end) ................... 
 
- 
-

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
 
 
As of 31 December, 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(thousands) 
Statistical Data: 
 
 
Domestic (Italy) Business Unit 
 
 
Total accesses of TIM Retail (thousands)  ....................................................... 
8,767 
9,166 
of which NGN(6) ............................................................................................... 
4,407 
3,670 
Physical accesses of TIM Wholesale (thousands) ........................................... 
7,974 
8,051 
of which NGN .................................................................................................. 
4,220 
3,309 
Active Broadband accesses of TIM Retail (thousands) 
7,635 
7,592 
Mobile Lines at period end (thousands) 
30,170 
30,895 
Brasil Business Unit 
 
 
Mobile lines ..................................................................................................... 
51,433 
54,447 
 __________________  
Notes: 
 
 
 
(1) 
For the purposes of IFRS, “Parent”, as used in this EMTN Programme Prospectus and in the 2020 TIM Annual Report, 
means TIM S.p.A. 
(2) 
In accordance with IAS 33 (Earnings per share), basic earnings per Ordinary Share is calculated by dividing the TIM 
Group’s profit (loss) available to shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year, 
excluding treasury shares. Since TIM has both Ordinary and Savings Shares outstanding, the calculations also take into 
account the requirement that holders of Savings Shares are entitled to an additional dividend equal to 2% of 0.55 euro per 
share above dividends paid on the Ordinary Shares. 
For the purpose of these calculations, the weighted average number of: 
 
Ordinary Shares was 15,051,766,083 for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 15,039,368,195 for the year 
ended 31 December 2019; 
 
Savings Shares was 6,027,791,699 for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. 
For diluted earnings per share the weighted average number of shares outstanding is adjusted assuming conversion of all 
dilutive potential shares. Potential shares are those securities that, if converted into shares, would increase the total number 
of shares outstanding and reduce the earnings attributable to each share. Potential shares include options, warrants and 
convertible securities. The TIM Group’s profit (loss) is also adjusted to reflect the impact of the conversion of potential 
shares net of the related tax effects. 
(3) 
TIM’s dividend coupons for the year ended 31 December 2020, will be clipped on 21 June 2021 and will be payable from 
22 June 2020. 
(4) 
Share capital represents share capital issued net of the accounting par value of treasury shares; accounting par value is the 
ratio of total share capital and the number of issued shares. 
(5) 
In order to present a more realistic analysis of net financial debt, in addition to the usual indicator (renamed “Net Financial 
Debt Carrying Amount”), the TIM Group reports a measure called “Adjusted Net Financial Debt”, which neutralises the 
effects caused by the volatility of financial markets. Given that some components of the fair value measurement of 
derivatives (contracts for setting the exchange and interest rate for contractual flows) and of derivatives embedded in other 
financial instruments do not result in actual monetary settlement, the Adjusted Net Financial Debt excludes these purely 
accounting and non-monetary effects (including the effects of IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurement) from the measurement 
of derivatives and related financial assets/liabilities. Net financial debt is one of the alternative performance measures 
presented in addition to the conventional financial performance measures established by IFRS for purposes of a better 
understanding of the trend of operations and the financial condition of the TIM Group. Specifically, TIM believes that net 
financial debt provides an accurate indicator of its ability to meet its financial obligations. It is represented by Gross 
Financial Debt less Cash and Cash Equivalents and other Financial Assets. Net financial debt is also used in presentations 
to investors and analysts. Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount and Adjusted Net Financial Debt as of 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019 are calculated as follows:

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
 
 
As of 31 December, 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(millions of euro) 
Non-current financial liabilities ...................................................................... 
27,854 
30,181 
Current financial liabilities ............................................................................. 
4,308 
3,821 
Financial liabilities directly associated with Discontinued  
operations/Non-current assets held for sale .................................................... 
 
- 
 
655 
Gross Financial Debt (A) ............................................................................. 
32,162 
34,657 
 
Non-Current Financial Assets (B) ............................................................... 
(2,310) 
(2,151) 
 
Current financial assets: 
 
 
– 
Securities other than investments ........................................................... 
(1,092) 
(877) 
– 
Financial receivables and other current financial assets ......................... 
(162) 
(122) 
– 
Current financial receivables arising from lease contracts ...................... 
(55) 
(58) 
– 
Cash and cash equivalents ...................................................................... 
(4,829) 
(3,138) 
– 
Financial assets relating to Discontinued operations/ 
    Non-current assets held for sale............................................................... 
 
- 
 
(65) 
Total Current Financial Assets (C) ............................................................. 
(6,138) 
(4,260) 
Financial Assets (D = B + C) ........................................................................ 
(8,448) 
(6,411) 
Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount (A + D) ........................................... 
23,714 
28,246 
Reversal of fair value measurement of derivatives and related  
financial liabilities/assets ............................................................................... 
 
(388) 
 
(578) 
Adjusted Net Financial Debt ....................................................................... 
23,326 
27,668 
 
(6) 
UltraBroadband access in FTTx and FWA mode

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
Financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS as of 31 December 2020 and for the three 
months ended 31 March 2021  
 
The summary selected financial data set forth below, which has been extracted or derived from the unaudited 
TIM Group’s Financial Information at 31 March 2021, is consolidated financial data of the TIM Group as 
follows: 
 
(i)  
with respect to the separate consolidated income statement information, the unaudited financial data 
for the three-month periods ended 31 March 2021 and 2020; and 
(ii)  
with respect to the statement of financial position information, the unaudited financial data as of 31 
March 2021 and the audited financial data as of 31 December 2020. 
 
The accounting policies and consolidation principles adopted in the preparation of the TIM Group’s 
Financial Information at 31 March 2021 are the same as those adopted in the TIM Group annual Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements as of 31 December 2020, to which reference can be made, except for the 
amendments to the accounting standards issued by the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) and 
in force as of 1 January 2021.  
 
In the opinion of the management of TIM, the unaudited interim consolidated financial data included in the 
TIM Group’s Financial Information at 31 March 2021 reflects all adjustments (consisting only of normal 
recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of the TIM Group’s consolidated results of 
operations for the unaudited interim periods. Results for the three -month period ended 31 March 2021 are 
not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the entire year. 
 
There were no material events or transactions (e.g. business combinations, disposals, significant transactions 
with related parties, including intragroup transactions) which would have required specific disclosure in this 
EMTN Programme Prospectus. 
 
The selected financial data set forth below includes, in addition to the conventional financial performance 
measures established by IFRS, certain alternative performance measures (such as Operating profit 
(loss)/Revenues (ROS), Net Financial Debt and Carrying Amount and Adjusted Net Financial Debt) that are 
presented for purposes of a better understanding of the trend of operations and the financial condition. Such 
measures should, however, not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS. 
 
In particular, as regards to Operating profit (loss)/Revenues (ROS), TIM believes that such measure 
represents an accurate indicator of how efficiently the Group is generating profits from its top-line revenues. 
In fact, ROS measures the performance of an entity by analysing the percentage of total revenues that is 
converted into operating profit. This financial measure is used by TIM in internal and external presentations 
to analysts and investors. ROS is also used to compare current period calculations with calculations from 
previous periods. This allows TIM to conduct trend analysis and compare internal efficiency performance 
over time. 
 
For further details about Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount and Adjusted Net Financial Debt please also 
see note 3 below.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 4126-8575-6463.10 
 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 
March,  
 
2021 
(Unaudited) 
2020 
(Unaudited) 
 
(millions of euro, except 
percentages, ratios) 
Separate Consolidated Income Statement Data: 
 
 
Revenues .................................................................................
3,752 
3,964 
Operating profit (loss) ...........................................................
45 
533 
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations ............
(232) 
673 
Profit (loss) from continuing operations ..............................
(194) 
591 
Profit (loss) from Discontinued operations/Non-current 
assets held for sale 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period .....................................................
(194) 
591 
Profit (loss) for the period attributable to owners of the 
Parent(1) ..................................................................................
(216) 
560 
 
 
 
Capital expenditures & Spectrum ........................................
691 
599 
 
Financial Ratios: 
 
 
– 
Operating profit (loss)/Revenues (ROS)(%) ....................
1.2% 
13.4%

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 March 
2021 
(Unaudited) 
 
 
As of 31 
December  
2020 
 
(millions of euro, except  
employees) 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data: 
 
 
Total Assets ................................................................................................. 
73,726 
73,213 
Equity: 
 
 
— 
Equity attributable to owners of the Parent ......................................... 
25,383 
26,215 
— 
Non-controlling interests ..................................................................... 
4,439 
2,625 
Total Equity ................................................................................................ 
29,822 
28,840 
Total Liabilities .......................................................................................... 
43,904 
44,373 
Total Equity and Liabilities ...................................................................... 
73,726 
73,213 
Share Capital(2) ........................................................................................... 
11,592 
11,588 
Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount(3) ................................................... 
21,672 
23,714 
Adjusted Net Financial Debt(3) .................................................................. 
21,155 
23,326 
Employees, number in the Group at period-end, including personnel 
with temporary work contracts: 
 
 
Employees (excluding employees relating to the consolidated companies 
considered as Discontinued operations/Non-current assets held for sale) 
(number at period-end) ................................................................................ 
52,194 
52,347 
Employees relating to the consolidated companies considered as 
Discontinued operations/Non-current assets held for sale (number at period-
end) .............................................................................................................. 
- 
-

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 March 
2021 
As of 31 December 
2020 
 
(thousands) 
Statistical Data: 
 
 
Domestic (Italy) Business Unit 
 
 
Total accesses of TIM Retail (thousands)  .............................................. 
8,774 
8,791 
Of which NGN(4) ...................................................................................... 
4,695 
4,432 
Total accesses of TIM Wholesale (thousands)  ....................................... 
7,908 
7,974 
Of which NGN ......................................................................................... 
4,381 
4,220 
Active broadband accesses of TIM Retail (thousands)  .......................... 
7,746 
7,635 
Mobile lines ............................................................................................ 
30,222 
30,170 
Brasil Business Unit 
 
 
Mobile lines ............................................................................................ 
51,728 
51,433 
 
 __________________  
Notes: 
 
 
(1) 
“Parent”, as used in this EMTN Programme Prospectus, means TIM S.p.A. 
(2) 
Share capital represents share capital issued net of the accounting par value of treasury shares; accounting par value is the 
ratio of total share capital and the number of issued shares.  
(3) 
In order to present a more realistic analysis of net financial debt, in addition to the usual indicator (renamed “Net Financial 
Debt Carrying Amount”), the TIM Group reports a measure called “Adjusted Net Financial Debt”, which neutralises the 
effects caused by the volatility of financial markets. Given that some components of the fair value measurement of 
derivatives (contracts for setting the exchange and interest rate for contractual flows) and of derivatives embedded in other 
financial instruments do not result in actual monetary settlement, the Adjusted Net Financial Debt excludes these purely 
accounting and non-monetary effects (including the effects of IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurement) from the measurement 
of derivatives and related financial assets/liabilities. Net Financial Debt is one of the alternative performance measures 
presented in addition to the conventional financial performance measures established by IFRS for purposes of a better 
understanding of the trend of operations and the financial condition of the TIM Group. Specifically, TIM believes that net 
financial debt provides an accurate indicator of its ability to meet its financial obligations. It is represented by Gross 
Financial Debt less Cash and Cash Equivalents and other Financial Assets. Net Financial Debt is also used in presentations 
to investors and analysts. Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount and Adjusted Net Financial Debt as of 31 March 2021 and 
31 December 2020 are calculated as follows:

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
 
 
As of  
31 March  
2021 
(Unaudited) 
As of  
31 December 
2020 
 
(millions of euro) 
Non-current financial liabilities ...................................................................................... 
25,418 
27,854 
Current financial liabilities ............................................................................................. 
5,742 
4,308 
Financial liabilities directly associated with Discontinued operations/Non-current assets 
held for sale .................................................................................................................... 
-  
 
- 
Gross Financial Debt (A) ............................................................................................. 
31,160 
32,162 
 
 
 
Non-Current Financial Assets (B) ............................................................................... 
(2,088) 
(2,310) 
 
Current financial assets: 
 
 
– Securities other than investments ................................................................................ 
 
(986) 
(1,092) 
– Financial receivables and other current financial assets .............................................. 
(1,977) 
(162) 
– Current financial receivables arising from lease contracts .......................................... 
(67) 
(55) 
– Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................................................... 
(4,370) 
(4,829) 
– Financial assets relating to Discontinued operations/ 
    Non-current assets held for sale .................................................................................. 
 
- 
- 
Total Current Financial Assets (C) ............................................................................. 
(7,400) 
(6,138) 
Financial Assets (D = B + C) ........................................................................................ 
(9,488) 
(8,448) 
Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount (A + D) ........................................................... 
21,672 
23,714 
Reversal of fair value measurement of derivatives and related financial liabilities/assets 
(517) 
(388) 
Adjusted Net Financial Debt ....................................................................................... 
21,155 
23,326 
 
 
(4)      UltraBroadband access in FTTx and FWA mode, also including “data only” lines and GBE (Gigabit Ethernet).

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Directors 
 
A full renewal of the Board of Directors took place on 31 March 2021, following the natural expiry of the 
mandate of the Directors.  
 
The Board of Directors of TIM on 1 April 2021 confirmed Salvatore Rossi as Chairman and Luigi Gubitosi 
as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
As of the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus, the Board of Directors of TIM was composed of the 
following directors: 
 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Appointed 
Other principal activities performed by 
the Director Officers outside of TIM 
Group  
 
Salvatore Rossi (1) (2) 
72 
Chairman/ 
Director  
2019 
/ 
Luigi Gubitosi (3)  
60 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer/ 
Director/ 
General 
Manager  
2018 
/ 
 
Paolo Boccardelli (1) 
49 
Director  
2021 
/ 
Paola Bonomo (1)  
52 
Director  
2021 
Director of AXA Assicurazioni S.p.A., 
Piquadro S.p.A., Sisal Group S.p.A., 
FAAC S.p.A. and Non Executive Director 
of Crystal Peak Acquisition. Member of 
the Investment Committee of the Fondo 
Neva First. 
Franck Cadoret  
64 
Director  
2021 
CEO Canal + Group France  
 
 
Paola Camagni (1) 
50 
Director  
2021 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
of Mozambique Rovuma Venture S.p.A. 
(Gruppo 
Eni) 
and 
AGI 
– 
Agenzia 
Giornalistica Italia S.p.A. and Acting 
Auditor of CNP UniCredit Vita S.p.A., 
Oracle Italia, Eni Rewind S.p.A. ed Eni 
Angola S.p.A. 
 
Maurizio Carli (1) 
62 
Director 
2021 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Board International (a private Swiss IT 
company), a Board member of Temenos 
(a top Swiss IT company in the field of 
banking applications), and a Board 
member of Blueprism (a leading British 
IT company in the field of Robotic 
Process Automation) 
 
Luca De Meo(1)
54 
Director  
2021 
CEO of the Group Renault

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
 
Cristiana Falcone (1) 
48 
Director 
2021 
 
Board member of SVF3, Revlon and 
Viacom. 
Marella Moretti (1) 
55 
Director  
2021 
Managing Director and Board member of 
CNH Industrial Financial Services, Chief 
Executive Officer and Board member of 
CNH Industrial Finance France, Chief 
Financial Officer of Fiat Chrysler Finance 
et Services in Paris 
 
 
 
Federico Ferro Luzzi 
(1) 
52 
Director  
2021 
Independent member of the management 
Board at Garofalo HC S.p.A., at Banca 
Sistema S.p.A. and at Saipem S.p.A. 
 
Giovanni 
Gorno 
Tempini 
59 
Director  
2021 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti, of CDP Reti S.p.A and of 
CDP Equity S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
F.I.L.A. - Fabbrica Italiana Lapis e Affini 
and a member of the Board of Directors of 
Avio S.p.A. 
Arnaud 
Roy 
de 
Puyfontaine 
57 
Director  
2021 
CEO and Chairman of the Management 
Board of Vivendi, Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of Universal Music 
France, Member of the Supervisory Board 
of Canal+Group, Director of Havas, 
Chairman of the Management Board of 
Antinea 6 and of Editis Holding, Member 
of the Advisory Committee of Innit, 
Honorary Chairman of the French-
American Foundation 
 
Ilaria Romagnoli (1) 
53 
Director  
2021 
Advisor with Rothschild & Co Merchant 
Banking 
 
Paola Sapienza (1) 
56 
Director  
2021 
Donald C. Clark/HSBC Professor of 
Finance at the Kellogg School of 
Management, Northwestern University, 
Fellow 
of 
the 
European 
Corporate 
Governance Institute (ECGI) a member of 
the Board of Trustees of the European 
Corporate 
Governance 
Research 
Foundation, a Research Associate at the 
National Bureau of Economic Research 
(NBER) and a Research Fellow at the 
Centre for Economic Policy Research 
(CEPR). 
 
(1) Independent Director according to legal requirements. For details on the criteria applied to determine independence, see “Item 10. 
Additional Information—10.1 Corporate Governance”. 
(2) He was appointed by the Board of Directors on 21 October 2019 to replace Mr Fulvio Conti who resigned as of 26 September 
2019; the Board of Directors on 1 April 2021 confirmed as Chairman. 
(3) He was appointed as Chief Executive Officer/General Manager as of 18 November 2018; the Board of Directors on April 1 2021 
confirmed him as CEO/General Manager.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is Via Gaetano Negri 1, 20123 Milan, 
Italy.  
 
Executive Officers 
 
As of the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus, the executive officers of TIM and their respective 
positions were as follows: 
 
Name 
 
Age 
 
Position 
 
Appoi
nted 
Directors: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Luigi Gubitosi (1)  
 
60 
 
Chief Executive Officer/General 
Manager 
 
2018 
Managers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stefano Siragusa  (2) 
 
45 
 
Chief Revenue Officer 
 
2021 
Pietro Labriola (3) 
 
53 
 
CEO Tim S.A. 
 
2019 
Michele Gamberini (4) 
 
58 
 
Chief Technology & Information 
Office 
 
2019 
Stefano Grassi (5) 
 
62 
 
Head of Security 
 
2019 
Giovanni 
Gionata 
Massimiliano 
Moglia (6) 
 
61 
 
Chief 
Regulatory 
Affairs 
& 
Wholesale Market Office 
 
2019 
Carlo Nardello (7)  
 
57 
 
Chief 
Strategic 
Customer 
Experience 
& 
Transformation 
Office 
 
2019 
Agostino Nuzzolo 
 
53 
 
Head of Legal and Tax 
 
2018 
Giovanni Ronca (8) 
 
48 
 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
2019 
Nicola Grassi (9) 
 
57 
 
Chief Technology & Operations 
Officer 
 
2021 
Luciano Sale (10) 
 
60 
 
Head 
of 
Human 
Resources 
Organisation & Real Estate 
 
2019 
Paolo Chiriotti (11) 
 
50 
 
Head of Procurement 
 
2021 
 
 
(1) Since 18 November 2018 confirmed 1st April 2021. 
(2) Since 5 July 2021, he has been Chief Revenue Officer of TIM. Until 5 July 2021 Federico Rigoni was Chief 
Revenue Officer. 
(3) Since 3 April 2019. 
(4) Since 12 November 2019. 
(5) Since 27 June 2019. 
(6) Since 27 June 2019; until 11 November 2019 he was named Chief Regulatory Affairs Office. 
(7) Since 20 February 2019. 
(8) Since 3 June 2019. Before such date, the Chief Financial Officer was Piergiorgio Peluso. 
(9) Since 5 July 2021, he has been Chief Technology & Operations Officer. Until 5 July 2021 Stefano Siragusa was 
Chief Technology & Operations Officer. 
(10) Since 5 February 2019. 
(11) Since 5 July 2021, he has been Head of Procurement. Until 5 July 2021 Nicola Grassi was Head of Procurement. 
 
The business address of each of the executive officers is Via Gaetano Negri 1, 20123 Milan, Italy.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
 
* * * 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
On 31 March 2021, the Shareholders Meeting appointed the present Statutory Board of Auditors, who will 
remain in office until approval of the 2023 financial statements. Based on the slates submitted by the 
shareholders, five Acting Auditors and four Alternate Auditors have been appointed. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting also appointed Auditor Francesco Fallacara as Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors of the 1April 2021 meeting confirmed the Statutory Auditor Ms Doro as member of 
the Supervisory Body pursuant to legislative decree 231/2001. 
As of the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus, the Board of Statutory Auditors of TIM was composed 
of the following Auditors: 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Appointed 
Francesco FALLACARA  (1) 
 
Chairman 
 
2021 
Angelo Rocco BONISSONI 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
2021 
Francesca di DONATO 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
2021 
Anna DORO (1) 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
2021 
Massimo GAMBINI 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
2021 
Ilaria Antonella BELLUCO 
 
Alternate Auditor 
 
2021 
Laura FIORDELISI (1) 
 
Alternate Auditor 
 
2021 
Franco Maurizio LAGRO 
 
Alternate Auditor 
 
2021 
Paolo PRANDI (1) 
 
Alternate Auditor 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) Elected by minority shareholders.  
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is Via Gaetano Negri 1, 
20123 Milan, Italy.  
The positions held by the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors in other listed companies are shown 
below:  
Francesco Fallacara 
Chairman of Boards of Statutory Auditors of Maire 
Tecnimont S.p.A and Pirelli & C. S.p.A. Acting Auditor of 
ENI Progetti S.p.A. 
Angelo Rocco Bonissoni 
Acting Auditor of UniCredit S.p.A. and of Atlantia 
S.p.A. 
Francesca di Donato 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of Technogym 
S.p.A.; Acting Auditors of Gamenet Group S.p.A, of 
Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. and of MPS Leasing & 
Factoring; 
Deputy 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Advisory 
Committee of the “i3-Core” Fund by Invimit SGR 
S.P.A.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
Anna Doro 
Director of Credito Valtellinese S.p.A. and Net 
Insurance S.p.A.  
Massimo Gambini 
Acting Auditors of Poligrafici Printing SpA Bologna 
The Board of Auditors verifies compliance with the law and the Bylaws and verifies adherence to the best 
administration principles, the adequacy and reliability of corporate structures, internal audit procedures and 
accounting system, and the adequacy of instructions given by TIM to its subsidiaries. The Board of Auditors 
must receive timely disclosures, at least quarterly, from the Board of Directors about the company’s business 
and significant transactions performed by the company and its subsidiaries, including related parties’ 
transactions. Statutory Auditors must inform CONSOB of any irregularity they detect in the course of their 
duties and are required to attend Shareholders’ Meetings, Board of Directors’ meetings.  
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
Some of the Directors and Statutory Auditors of TIM, in addition to their functions in TIM, hold 
management and/or supervisory functions in other companies and/or institutions (see “Directors”, 
“Description of Directors’ Outside Interests” and “Board of Statutory Auditors”); namely, this is true for Mr. 
De Puyfontaine, who is Chairman of the Management Board of Vivendi. Consequently, it cannot be 
excluded that potential conflicts of interests may arise in the future, should any of these companies and/or 
institutions enter into commercial or other types of transactions with TIM which are not at arms’ length and 
within the ordinary course of business and/or are capable of influencing significantly the profits and losses, 
assets and liabilities and financial situation of TIM or the TIM Group.  
As at the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the 
duties to TIM or its directors and executive officers, and their private interests and/or duties.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
DESCRIPTION OF TI FINANCE  
The legal and commercial name of the company is Telecom Italia Finance. 
TI Finance was incorporated on 2 June 2000 for an unlimited duration in the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
as a société anonyme, governed by the Luxembourg law on commercial companies of 10 August 1915, as 
amended, and is a 100 per cent. owned subsidiary of TIM. As of 31 December 2020, TI Finance has the 
following subsidiary: 
 
TIM Brasil Servicos & Participações S.A., 99.99% owned by TI Finance. 
For the description of TIM Brasil Servicos & Participações S.A. and its subsidiaries see Description of TIM. 
One of TI Finance’s principal purposes as a subsidiary of TIM is to raise funds for the TIM Group. TI 
Finance is registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (Registre de Commerce et 
des Sociétés de Luxembourg) under number B-76448. TI Finance’s Articles of Incorporation were published 
in the Mémorial C, Journal Officiel du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, Recueil des Sociétés et Associations 
no. 773 on 21 October 2000. The Articles of Incorporation have been modified several times. The latest 
modifications to the Articles of Incorporation of TI Finance were made on 15 December 2017 and were 
published in the Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations under reference No. RESA 2018_013.334 
on 16 January 2018. 
TI Finance’s registered office is 12 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, and its telephone number is 
+352 45 60601. 
TI Finance’s website is http://www.tifinance.lu/. The information on http://www.tifinance.lu/ does not form 
part of this EMTN Programme Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference 
into this EMTN Programme Prospectus. 
Capitalisation 
As of 31 December 2020, the subscribed share capital of TI Finance is €1,818,691,978.50, consisting of 
185,960,325 ordinary shares, nominal value € 9.78 per share; all of the shares have been issued and are fully 
paid-up. 
Business 
The corporate object of TI Finance, as set forth in Article 3 of its Articles of Incorporation, is to provide 
financial assistance to TIM, as well as to companies in which TIM has a direct or indirect interest. Such 
assistance includes the providing of loans and the granting of guarantees or securities of any kind or in any 
form. The object of TI Finance is further to provide domiciliation and administration services to companies 
forming part of the TIM Group and to exercise any activity in relation thereto as provided in the Law No. 
154 of 31 May 1999 on the domiciliation of companies, as amended. TI Finance may acquire and hold 
interests in Luxembourg and/or in foreign undertakings, as well as the administration, development and 
management of such holdings. TI Finance may also use its funds to invest in real estate and in intellectual 
property rights of any kind or in any form. TI Finance may participate in the creation and development of 
any other companies and entities and provide them with financial assistance of any kind or in any form. TI 
Finance may borrow in any form whatsoever and may issue bonds or notes. TI Finance may carry out any 
commercial, industrial or financial transaction which it may deem useful in the development and 
accomplishment of its purposes. 
TI Finance’s activities are not dependent on patents, licences, commercial contracts or new manufacturing 
processes. TI Finance concludes financial contracts on its own behalf. No legal or arbitration proceedings 
have had a significant effect on TI Finance’s financial position in the recent past.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
Board of Directors 
The mandate of all board members shall expire at the shareholders’ general meeting to be called to approve 
the TI Finance financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. TI Finance complies with 
applicable Luxembourg corporate governance rules. 
The following are the directors of TI Finance: 
 
Mr Paolo Barroero, Chairman, resident in Italy – Manager. 
 
Mr Biagio Murciano, Managing Director, resident in Luxembourg – Manager. 
 
Ms Karen Wauters, Director, resident in Luxembourg – Advisor. 
 
Mr Tom Loesch, Director, resident in Luxembourg – “Avocat à la cour” (Solicitor).  
 
Mr Costanzo Perona, Director, resident in Italy – Manager. 
 
Mr Antonio Sica, Director, resident in Luxembourg – Manager. 
Ms Wauters and Mr Loesch qualify as independent directors. 
Ms Wauters, Mr Loesch and Mr Perona are members of the Audit Committee. 
The remuneration of the Directors is from time to time determined by the general meeting of shareholders of 
TI Finance. Only the independent Directors are remunerated in their capacity as Directors. The total gross 
remuneration of independent members’ amounts to € 36,000.00 per annum. No Director has an interest in 
the share capital of TI Finance. 
For the purposes of their mandate, the business address of each of the Directors is c/o Telecom Italia Finance 
S.A., 12 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Luxembourg. 
Description of Directors’ Outside Interests 
Mr Tom Loesch is an “avocat à la cour” (solicitor) at the law firm Etude Loesch, 30 rue de Clausen, L-1342 
Luxembourg. 
Ms Karen Wauters is an Independent Director and Advisor. 
Independent Auditor 
On 24 May 2019 Telecom Italia Finance’s approved the appointment of Ernst &Young S.A. as Independent 
Auditor. Ernst & Young S.A. is a “Cabinet de révision agréé” and is Member of the “Insitut des Réviseurs 
d'Entreprises”. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
No potential conflicts of interest exist between (i) any duties to Telecom Italia Finance of the Telecom Italia 
Finance Directors and (ii) the private interests, and/or other duties, of such persons. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of TI Finance is the calendar year.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
Financial Information 
The first statutory financial statements of TI Finance to be externally audited were those for the year ended 
31 December 2000. As from 31 December 2016, TI Finance is required to prepare and publish consolidated 
financial statements and six-month period interim consolidated financial statements under the Luxembourg 
Law No. 9 of 11 January 2008, as amended from time to time, implementing Directive 2004/109/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2004 on the harmonisation of transparency 
requirements in relation to information about issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market and amending Directive 2001/34/EC. Until the aforementioned date TI Finance was obliged to 
prepare, file and publish financial information (annual and six-month interim) on an unconsolidated basis 
only. 
The consolidated financial statements are available at the offices of the Principal Paying Agent (Deutsche 
Bank AG, London Branch, Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, England). 
On 16 April 2021, TI Finance paid a dividend of 51.6 million euros (74.9 million euro in 2020).

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TI FINANCE GROUP AS OF 
AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 AND 2019 
 
 
 
Year Ended 31  
December 2020 (1) 
Year Ended 31  
December 2019 
 
(millions of euro, except employees) 
Separate Consolidated Income Statement Data: 
 
 
Revenues 
2,933 
3,937 
Operating profit (loss) 
469 
1,290 
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations 
332 
999 
Profit (loss) for the year 
288 
791 
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to owners of the Parent (TI 
Finance) 
184 
519 
 
 
 
Capital expenditures 
661 
873 
 
 
 
Employees, average number in the Group 
8,718 
9,059 
 
 
 
Year Ended 31  
December 2020 (1) 
Year Ended 31  
December 2019 
 
(millions of euro, except employees) 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data: 
 
 
Total Assets 
12,263 
14,812 
Equity: 
 
 
— Equity attributable to owners of the Parent (TI Finance) 
6,070 
7,100 
— Non-controlling interests 
1,233 
1,680 
Total Equity 
7,303 
8,780 
Total Liabilities 
4,960 
6,032 
Total Equity and Liabilities 
12,263 
14,812 
Share Capital Issued 
1,819 
1,819 
 
 
 
Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount (2) 
(2,353) 
(1,692) 
 
 
 
Employees, number in the Group at year-end 
9,420 
9,699 
 
 _____________________________  
Note: 
(1) 
TI Finance’s Group selected financial data as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been extracted from 
Telecom Italia Finance’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance 
with IFRS, which have been approved by the shareholder of Telecom Italia Finance at its Annual Meeting held on 30 March 2021. 
(2) 
Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 is calculated as follows:

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(millions of euro) 
Non-current financial liabilities 
3,038 
3,416 
Current financial liabilities 
756 
896 
Gross Financial Debt (A) 
3,793 
4,312 
 
 
 
Non-Current Financial Assets (B) 
(1,907) 
(1,927) 
 
 
 
Current financial assets: 
 
 
– Securities other than investments 
(1,092) 
(877) 
– Financial receivables and other current financial assets 
(145) 
(542) 
– Cash and cash equivalents 
(3,001) 
(2,658) 
Total Current Financial Assets (C) 
(4,239) 
(4,077) 
Financial Assets (D = B + C) 
(6,146) 
(6,004) 
Net Financial Debt Carrying Amount (A + D) 
(2,353) 
(1,692)

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
TAXATION  
The following overview contains a description of certain Italian, EU and Luxembourg tax consequences in 
respect of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. This overview is based on the laws in force in 
Italy, the EU and Luxembourg as at the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus (as they are currently 
applied by the relevant tax authorities) and is subject to any changes in such laws occurring after such date, 
which changes could be made also on a retroactive basis.  
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes.  
Italian taxation 
The following summary is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is 
based on the laws presently in force in Italy, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be constructed to 
be, legal or tax advice. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the 
Notes, including the application to their particular situation of the tax considerations discussed below.  
The statements herein regarding Italian taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this 
EMTN Programme Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by TIM  
Decree No. 239 provides for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and 
other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by Italian listed companies.  
Italian resident Noteholders  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected (unless he has opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regime – see under 
“Capital gains tax” below), (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a tax withheld at 
source, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent..  
 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from 
the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 
and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) 
of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 and in Article 1(211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
implemented and supplemented. Furthermore, Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, as 
amended and supplemented, introduced another type of long-term savings account (the so-called “PIR 
alternativi”), that grants the exemption on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes. The 
difference between the two long-term savings accounts is mainly related to the different conditions and 
limitations required by law. As a consequence, an investor may set up both a PIR and a “PIR alternativi”. 
If the Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are 
therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status 
of Noteholder, also to regional tax on productive activities – IRAP).  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree No. 351), Article 32 of Law Decree No. 78 of 
31 May 2010, converted into law with amendments by Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Article 2(1)(c) of 
Decree No. 239, all as amended, payments of interest, premiums or other proceeds in respect of the Notes 
made to Italian resident real estate investment funds qualifying as such from a legal and regulatory 
perspective are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate 
investment fund, but a withholding or substitute tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to 
income realised by unitholders in case of distributions, redemption or sale of the units. 
Pursuant to Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 (Decree No. 44), the same regime is 
applicable to Italian real estate SICAFs qualified as such from a civil law perspective. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a Società di 
Investimento a Capitale Fisso (SICAF) or a Società di Investimento a Capitale Variabile (SICAV) 
established in Italy (together, the Fund) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, 
premium and other income accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to 
taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued 
at the end of the tax period, which will be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the 
Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017 and in Article 1(211-215) of Law No. 145 
of 30 December 2018, as implemented and supplemented. Furthermore, Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 
19 May 2020, as amended and supplemented, introduced another type of long-term savings account (the so-
called “PIR alternativi”), that grants the exemption on interest, premium and other income relating to the 
Notes. The difference between the two long-term savings accounts is mainly related to the different 
conditions and limitations required by law. As a consequence, an investor may set up both a PIR and a “PIR 
alternativi”.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities 
identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (each an Intermediary).  
An Intermediary must (i) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary or a non-Italian resident financial intermediary – acting through a central 
securities depository – which is directly connected with Italian Revenue Agency, having appointed an Italian 
tax representative for the purposes of Legislative Decree 239 and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection 
of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of imposta sostitutiva, a transfer 
of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change 
of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
entity paying interest to a Noteholder.   
Non-Italian resident Noteholders  
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, an exemption from imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian 
resident beneficial owner is either: (i) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with the Republic of Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 
1996, as amended from time to time, or in any other decree to be issued in the future under the authority of 
Article 11(4)(c) of Decree No. 239, as amended by Legislative Decree No. 147 of 14 September 2015 (the 
White List); or (ii) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an institutional investor which is incorporated in a country included in the 
White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected must (i) be the beneficial owners of the payments of 
interest, premium or other income, (ii) deposit the Notes with a resident bank or SIM, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a nonItalian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or company 
participating in a central securities depository which is in contact, via computer, with the Italian Revenue 
Agency and (iii) file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a 
statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the 
Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from the imposta sostitutiva. 
Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case of foreign Central Banks or 
entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements 
set forth by the Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. 
Imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or, in any case, at the reduced rate provided 
for by the applicable double tax treaty, if any) to interest paid to Noteholders who do not fall in any of the 
above mentioned categories or do not timely and properly comply with the set procedural requirements.  
Tax treatment of Notes issued by TI Finance  
Decree No. 239 also provides for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium 
and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by non-Italian resident issuers.  
Italian resident Noteholders  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, an imposta sostitutiva equal to 26 per cent. is applied on any payment of 
interest, premium and other income accrued during the relevant holding period in respect of the Notes issued

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
by TI Finance if payments are made to (i) an Italian individual, (ii) an Italian non-commercial partnership, 
(iii) an Italian non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an Italian investor exempt from Italian 
corporate income taxation. If the Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from 
the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 not engaged in entrepreneurial activity and the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) 
of Finance Act 2017 and in Article 1(211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as implemented and 
supplemented. Furthermore, Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, as amended and 
supplemented, introduced another type of long-term savings account (the so-called “PIR alternativi”), that 
grants the exemption on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes. The difference between 
the two long-term savings accounts is mainly related to the different conditions and limitations required by 
law. As a consequence, an investor may set up both a PIR and a “PIR alternativi”. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected and the Notes are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are 
therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status 
of Noteholder, also to IRAP).  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an Italian real estate investment fund or a real estate SICAF, a Fund 
or a pension fund, the applicable tax treatment is the one described above under paragraph "Tax treatment of 
Notes issued by TIM – Italian resident Noteholders” with regard to the same categories of Noteholders. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders  
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Noteholder of interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Notes issued by TI Finance provided that, if such Notes are held in 
Italy, the non-Italian resident Noteholder declares itself to be non-Italian resident according to Italian tax 
regulations.  
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor  
With respect to payments on the Notes made to Italian resident Noteholders by an Italian resident guarantor, 
in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of liabilities equal to interest and other 
proceeds from the Notes may be subject to a provisional withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent. pursuant to 
Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended depending on the status of the 
relevant Noteholder. In case of payments to non-Italian resident Noteholders, a final withholding tax may be 
applied at 26 per cent.. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in 
certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax.  
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor in lieu of 
interest will be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject 
to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section.  
Atypical securities  
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at 
the rate of 26 per cent. pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. For this purpose, debentures

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not 
lower than their nominal value. 
In the case of Notes issued by TIM, where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian individual engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar Italian 
commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, (iv) an Italian commercial partnership or (v) an Italian commercial private or public 
institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, the withholding tax is a 
final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced under 
the applicable tax treaty. 
 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from 
the 26 per cent. withholding tax) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 
and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) 
of Finance Act 2017 and in Article 1(211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as implemented and 
supplemented. Furthermore, Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, as amended and 
supplemented, introduced another type of long-term savings account (the so-called “PIR alternativi”), that 
grants the exemption on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes. The difference between 
the two long-term savings accounts is mainly related to the different conditions and limitations required by 
law. As a consequence, an investor may set up both a PIR and a “PIR alternativi”. 
If the Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer, the withholding tax mentioned above does not apply 
to interest payments made to a non-Italian resident Noteholder and to an Italian resident Noteholder which is 
(i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign 
entities), (ii) a commercial partnership or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. If Notes issued by a 
non-Italian resident Issuer and beneficially owned by non-Italian residents are deposited with an Italian 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign Italy of foreign intermediary) or in any case an 
Italian resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the 
payment of interest and other income on such Notes, to ensure payment of interest and other income without 
application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian 
bank or the relevant intermediary a self-declaration stating that he, she or it is not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes 
Capital gains tax  
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity, including 
the permanent establishment in Italy of foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively connected, or 
Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. Noteholders may set off losses with gains.  
 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital 
gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including 
from the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 
and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) 
of Finance Act 2017 and in Article 1(211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as implemented and 
supplemented. Furthermore, Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, as amended and 
supplemented, introduced another type of long-term savings account (the so-called “PIR alternativi”), that 
grants the exemption on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes. The difference between 
the two long-term savings accounts is mainly related to the different conditions and limitations required by 
law. As a consequence, an investor may set up both a PIR and a “PIR alternativi”. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described 
below.  
a) 
“Regime della dichiarazione”. Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which 
is the default regime for Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, imposta sostitutiva on capital 
gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, 
realised by the Italian resident individual Noteholder holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given 
tax year. The relevant Noteholder must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net 
of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such 
gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital 
gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
b) 
“Regime del risparmio amministrato”. As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian 
resident individual Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva 
separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the risparmio 
amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes 
being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (including 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the 
risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount 
from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for 
this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within 
the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains 
in the annual tax return. 
c) 
“Regime del risparmio gestito”. Any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholder under (i) to (iii) 
above who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an 
authorised intermediary and have opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime will be included in 
the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, 
at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed assets 
accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not 
required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian real estate investment fund or any Italian real 
estate SICAF to which the provisions of Decree No. 351 or Decree No. 44 as subsequently amended apply 
will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate 
investment fund or the real estate SICAF. However, a withholding tax or a substitute tax at the rate of 26 per

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to income realised by unitholders or shareholders in case of 
distributions, redemption or sale of the units or shares.  
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Noteholder that is a Fund, a SICAF or a SICAV will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the 
relevant tax period. Such result will not be taxed at the level of the Fund, the SICAF or the SICAV, but 
income realised by unitholders or shareholders in case of distributions, redemption or sale of the units or 
shares, may be subject to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.. 
 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject 
to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the 
Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a 
long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in 
Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017 and in Article 1(211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as 
implemented and supplemented. Furthermore, Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, as 
amended and supplemented, introduced another type of long-term savings account (the so-called “PIR 
alternativi”), that grants the exemption on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes. The 
difference between the two long-term savings accounts is mainly related to the different conditions and 
limitations required by law. As a consequence, an investor may set up both a PIR and a “PIR alternativi”. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets 
are not subject to imposta sostitutiva.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to imposta sostitutiva provided that the beneficial owner (i) is resident for income tax 
purposes in a country included in the White List; or (ii) is an international entity or body set up in accordance 
with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) is a Central Bank or an entity 
which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) is an institutional investor which is 
incorporated in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its 
own country of residence. If none of the conditions described above is met, capital gains realised by non-
Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated markets are 
subject to imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. under the risparmio amministrato regime 
rules, which is the default regime for non-Italian resident investor, unless the latter has opted for the tax 
declaration regime or, alternatively, for the risparmio gestito regime). 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of 
the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of the Notes.  
Gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by TI Finance 
(whether or not traded on regulated markets) are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Notes are 
held outside Italy.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
Inheritance and gift taxes  
The transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes) as a result of death or donation (or other transfers 
for no consideration) and the creation of liens on such assets for a specific purpose are taxed as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of the spouse and of direct descendants or ascendants are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 
1,000,000 (per beneficiary);  
(ii) 
transfers in favour of the brothers or sisters are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate 
of 6 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000 (per beneficiary);  
(iii) 
transfers in favour of all other relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law up to the third 
degree, are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of 
the inheritance or the gift; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the beneficiary of any such transfer is a disabled individual, whose handicap is recognised pursuant to Law 
No. 104 of 5 February 1992, the tax is applied only on the value of the assets (including the Notes) received 
in excess of € 1,500,000 at the rates illustrated above, depending on the type of relationship existing between 
the deceased or donor and the beneficiary.  
With respect to listed Notes, the value for inheritance and gift tax purposes is the average stock exchange 
price of the last quarter preceding the date of the succession or of the gift (increased by the interest accrued 
meanwhile). With respect to unlisted Notes, the value for inheritance and gift tax purposes is determined by 
reference to the value of listed debt securities having similar features or based on other certain elements.  
Under certain conditions, the mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by law are 
exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Wealth Tax on Financial Products Held Abroad 
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with Law No. 214 of 22 
December 2011, Italian resident individuals holding financial products – including the Notes – outside of the 
Italian territory are required to pay a wealth tax ("Imposta sul valore delle attività finanziarie detenute 
all’estero - IVAFE"). The applicable tax rate is 0.2 per cent of the value of such assets (the tax is determined 
in proportion to the period of ownership). Starting from 2020, Law No 160 of 27 December 2019 (Finance 
Act 2020) has provided for the extension of the application scope of IVAFE to subject to which the tax 
monitoring discipline applies (see “Tax Monitoring”) (e.g., Italian resident non-commercial entities, simple 
partnerships and equivalent entities, in addition to Italian resident individuals).  Based on Art. 134 of Law 
Decree 34 of 19 May 2020 (converted into law No. 77 of 17 July 2020), the wealth tax cannot exceed 
€14,000, for taxpayers different from individuals. 
 
The tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year or – in the lack of the market value – on 
the nominal value or redemption value of such financial products held outside of the Italian territory. 
Taxpayers can generally deduct from the tax a tax credit equal to any wealth taxes paid in the State where 
the financial products are held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due). 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the Tariff, Annex A, Part I, attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 
October 1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on a yearly basis at the rate of 0.2 per cent. on the market

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
value or – in the lack of a market value – on the nominal value or the redemption amount of any financial 
product (including the Notes). The stamp duty cannot exceed € 14,000, for taxpayers different from 
individuals. Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy and Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in 
the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy of 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended and restated) of an 
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.  
Transfer tax  
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds 
and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of € 200; (ii) private deeds are subject to 
registration tax only in case of use or voluntary registration. 
Tax monitoring  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, ratified and converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, 
as amended, individuals, non-commercial partnerships and non-commercial entities which are resident of 
Italy for tax purposes and which over the fiscal year hold or are beneficial owners of investments abroad or 
have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose such investments or financial 
activities to tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper 
form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return), regardless of the value 
of such assets (save for deposits or bank accounts having an aggregate value not exceeding a € 15,000 
threshold throughout the year, which per se do not require such disclosure). This requirement applies even if 
the taxpayer during the tax period has totally divested such assets. No disclosure requirements exist for 
investments and financial activities (including the Notes) under management or administration entrusted to 
Italian resident intermediaries and for contracts concluded through their intervention, provided that the cash 
flows and the income derived from such activities and contracts have been subject to Italian withholding or 
substitute tax by intermediaries themselves.  
Luxembourg taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be constructed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisors as to the effect of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.  
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax 
or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur 
le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. 
Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or 
taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to 
most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an 
individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, 
municipal business tax may apply as well.  
Withholding tax  
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exception below, there is no Luxembourg 
withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) in

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the 
Notes.  
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the Law), payments of interest or similar 
income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner 
who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Such withholding tax will 
be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent. Payment of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Law will be 
subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.  
Income Taxation  
(i) 
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in Luxembourg solely by 
reason of the holding, execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents  
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent establishment, a 
permanent representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg to which the Notes are attributable are 
not liable to pay any Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of principal, payments of 
interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon the redemption, repurchase of the 
Notes, or realise capital gains on the sale of any Notes.  
Non-resident corporate Noteholders or individual Noteholders acting in the course of the management of a 
professional or business undertaking, who have a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg income tax on 
interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes and on any gains 
realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents  
Noteholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on 
repayment of principal. 
(a) 
Luxembourg resident individuals  
Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, are subject 
to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received unless the interest has been 
subject (i) to withholding tax (see “Withholding tax” above) or (ii) to the self applied tax, if applicable. 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders acting in the framework of the management of their private 
wealth, can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax on interest payments made or ascribed by paying 
agents located in an EU Member State other than Luxembourg, or in a Member State of the EEA other than 
an EU Member State.  
The withholding tax or self-applied tax are the final tax liability for the Luxembourg individual resident 
taxpayers receiving the interest payment in the framework of their private wealth management. Luxembourg 
resident individual Noteholders receiving interest as business income must include interest income in their 
taxable basis. If applicable, the 20 per cent. Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their 
final income tax liability.  
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of 
the Notes, unless the disposal of the Notes precedes the acquisition of the Notes or the Notes are disposed of

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
within six months of the date of their acquisition. Upon the sale, redemption or exchange of the Notes, 
accrued but unpaid interest will be subject to the 20 per cent. withholding tax or the self-applied tax, if 
applicable. Individual Luxembourg resident Noteholders receiving the interest as business income must 
include the portion of the price corresponding to this interest in their taxable income. The 20 per cent. 
Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income tax liability.  
(b) 
Luxembourg resident companies  
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders must include in their taxable income any interest income 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) and the difference between the sales price (including accrued but 
unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed.  
A corporate Noteholder that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as 
amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 
23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended (provided it is not foreseen in the 
incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) Article 48 
of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016, as amended, applies) is neither subject to Luxembourg income 
tax in respect of interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains 
realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes.  
Net wealth taxation  
A corporate Noteholder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes, except if the Noteholder is governed by (i) 
the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, or (ii) the law of 17 
December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended or (iii) the law of 13 February 2007 
on specialised investment funds, as amended, or (iv) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as 
amended, or (v) the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or (vi) the law of 23 July 
2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended.5 
An individual Noteholder, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to Luxembourg 
wealth tax on such Notes. 
Other taxes  
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg 
by Noteholders as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as a 
consequence of a subsequent transfer, repurchase or redemption of the Notes, unless the documents relating 
to the Notes are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires obligatory 
registration in Luxembourg.  
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issuance of 
the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or of the transfer of the Notes. 
Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services 
rendered to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg value added tax purposes such services are rendered or are deemed 
to be rendered in Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value added tax does not apply with 
respect to such services.  
                                                     
5  
Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or 
capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative 
investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under Article 48 
thereof may be subject to minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
No gift, estate or inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of the Notes upon death of a Noteholder in cases 
where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes, or in the case of a gift, 
the gift is neither recorded in a Luxembourg notarial deed nor registered in Luxembourg. 
Where a Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the 
Notes are included in his/her taxable estate of inheritance for tax assessment purposes.  
The proposed European financial transactions tax (FTT) 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia. In December 
2015, Estonia withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT (the Participating Member 
States). 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of the 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the current proposals, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a Participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member 
State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. Telecom Italia Finance S.A. or TIM S.p.A. each may be a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Italy and Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in 
effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change. On 13 December 2018, the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) 
issued Proposed Regulations (REG-132881-17) under FATCA, eliminating withholding on the payments of 
gross proceeds and deferring withholding on foreign passthru payments. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect of any Notes characterised as debt (or which are 
not otherwise characterized as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued 
after the grandfathering date, which is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. 
Treasury regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register, or which 
are materially modified after the grandfathering date (including by reason of a substitution of the relevant 
Issuer). However, if additional Notes that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.  
Tax information 
Each Noteholder shall provide in a timely manner any information, form, disclosure, certification or 
documentation (Tax Information) that the Issuer may reasonably request in writing in order to maintain 
appropriate records, report such information as may be required to be reported to the Luxembourg tax 
authorities or any other tax or competent authority (the Tax Reporting Regimes) and provide for 
withholding amounts, if any, in each case relating to each Noteholder’s Notes in or payments from the Issuer 
including, without limitation, any information requested in order to comply with: 
a) the FATCA provisions;  
b) the European Union Council Directive 2011/16/EU (the DAC), as amended;  
c) the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on the Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information signed by the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg on 29 October 2014 in 
relation to agreements with the participating jurisdictions listed in the table in Schedule A to said 
agreement to improve international tax compliance based on the standard for automatic exchange of 
financial account information developed by the OECD; or 
d) any law, rule or regulation pursuant to or implementing any of the FATCA, the DAC, or any other 
regime requiring the exchange of Tax Information or otherwise the Issuer deems reasonably 
necessary for the conduct of the Issuer’s affairs.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 7 July 2021 agreed with 
the Issuers a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be 
released and discharged from their obligations under the Programme Agreement prior to the closing of the 
issue of the Notes. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The 
applicable Final Terms will identify whether United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor provision in substantially similar form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
Code) (the TEFRA C Rules) or United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
provision in substantially similar form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the 
TEFRA D Rules) apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this EMTN Programme Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in the case of the Issuer, would not, if 
it was not an authorised person apply to the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by TI 
Finance) the Guarantor; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell, promote, advertise or deliver any Notes or 
distribute copies of this EMTN Programme Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes in 
Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or  
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Moreover, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale, promotion, advertising or delivery of 
the Notes or distribution of copies of this EMTN Programme Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Notes in Italy under (i) or (ii) above must:  
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
Banking Act);  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including, where applicable, the reporting requirements pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of the Notes by 
such investor occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations.  
France  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations 
in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the 
EMTN Programme Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, 
Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this EMTN Programme Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation 
for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.  
General  
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this EMTN Programme Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance), the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have 
any responsibility therefor.  
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by TI Finance), the Trustee and the Dealers 
represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
Dealers Transacting with the Issuers 
Certain Dealers and/or their affiliates (including parent companies) may engage and have engaged in various 
general financing and banking transactions with, and provide and have provided financial advisory and 
investment banking services to, and may hold equity interests and be entitled to appoint board members 
and/or other corporate bodies members in the TIM Group and/or its affiliates in the present, past and may do 
so again in the future. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans and issuance of financial instruments linked to the 
financial instruments of the Issuers or the Guarantor or the Issuers’ or the Guarantor’s affiliates) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or the Guarantor, or the Issuers’ or the Guarantor’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers or the Guarantor 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers or the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term 
“affiliates” includes also the relevant parent companies of the Dealers.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The establishment and update of the Programme and the giving of the Guarantee in respect of the Notes 
issued by TI Finance have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of TIM dated 10 
October 2003, 21 December 2005, 25 February 2010, 17 January 2013, 6 February 2014, 12 May 2014, 19 
February 2015, 16 December 2016, 5 December 2017, 6 December 2018, 29 January 2020 and 3 February 
2021. 
The issue of each Tranche of Notes by TIM under the Programme will be required to be authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of TIM. The issue of the Notes by TIM under the Programme, up to a 
maximum aggregate amount equal to € 7 billion and until 28 February 2024, has been duly authorised by the 
resolution of the Board of Directors of TIM dated 3 February 2021. 
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme by TI Finance 
have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of TI Finance dated 16 December 2003, 
24 January 2006, 4 May 2010, 1 August 2014, 23 July 2018, 12 June 2019, 12 May 2020 and 14 May 2021. 
Manager responsible for financial reporting 
The manager responsible for preparing the corporate financial reports of TIM (Giovanni Ronca – Chief 
Financial Officer) declares, pursuant to paragraph 2 of art. 154-bis of the Financial Services Act, that the 
accounting information contained in this EMTN Programme Prospectus corresponds to the documents 
results, book and accounting records.  
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg’s Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU).  
Documents Available  
For the period of 12 months following the date of this EMTN Programme Prospectus, copies of the 
following documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the website of TIM at 
https://www.gruppotim.it/en/investors/debt-rating/financial-profile/debt-programmes-facilities.html:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of each of TIM and TI Finance;  
(b) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes 
in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons;  
(c) 
a copy of this EMTN Programme Prospectus, free of charge;  
(d) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms 
(save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation, will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and 
such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer or the Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this EMTN Programme Prospectus and any 
other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; and

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
(e) 
a 
copy 
of 
the 
Tim 
Group 
Sustainability 
Financing 
Framework 
(available 
at 
https://www.gruppotim.it/en/investors/sustainable-finance/sustainability-financing-framework.html). 
Clearing Systems  
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
Significant or Material Adverse Change  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of TIM since 31 March 2021, 
and there has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of TI Finance since 31 
December 2020. There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of TIM 
since 31 December 2020, and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of TI Finance since 31 December 2020.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
Save as disclosed in the section “Description of TIM — LITIGATION” on pages 130-148 of this EMTN 
Programme Prospectus, neither TIM nor any of its subsidiaries (including TI Finance) is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings during the 12 months preceding the date of 
this EMTN Programme Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of TIM, TI Finance or the TIM Group.  
Conditions for determining price  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Independent Auditors  
The consolidated financial statements of TIM Group for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019, prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by the European 
Union (IFRS), were audited, without qualification and in accordance with the International Standards on 
Auditing (ISA Italia), by EY S.p.A. independent auditors, as stated in the English translation of their report 
incorporated by reference elsewhere herein. 
EY S.p.A. is registered under No. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro dei Revisori 
Contabili), in compliance with the provisions of the Legislative Decree 27 January 2010, No. 39. EY S.p.A., 
which is located at Via Lombardia 31, 00187 Rome, is also a member of ASSIREVI (the Italian association 
of auditing firms). 
The TI Finance consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019, prepared in accordance with the IFRS, were audited, without qualification, by Ernst & 
Young S.A., independent auditors (réviseur d’entreprises agréé), as set forth in their reports incorporated by 
reference.  
Ernst & Young S.A., located at 35E Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, VAT no. LU16063074, 
registered in the Company's Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés) under No. B47771,

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
governmental authorisation no. 00117514, is member of the Luxembourg body of registered auditors 
(Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises). 
Trustee’s Reliance on Certificates and Reports  
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on certificates or reports from the auditors of either Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, or any other expert provided to the Trustee (whether or not addressed 
to the Trustee) in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed as sufficient evidence of the facts stated 
therein notwithstanding that any such certificate or report or any engagement letter or other document 
entered into by the Trustee and such auditors or such other expert in connection therewith contains any limit 
on the liability of such auditors or such other expert.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF TIM 
S.p.A. 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF 
TELECOM ITALIA FINANCE S.A. 
Via Gaetano Negri, 1 
12 rue Eugène Ruppert 
20123 Milan 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Italy 
 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
England 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House, 
1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB 
England 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers as to English and Italian law 
To the Issuers as to Luxembourg law 
 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe) LLP 
Corso Matteotti, 10 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
GSK Stockmann SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy,  
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
 
To the Issuers as to Italian tax law 
 
Gatti Pavesi Bianchi Ludovici Studio Legale 
Associato 
Piazza Borromeo, 8 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
Allen & Overy 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Allen & Overy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
To the Trustee as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
England 
ARRANGER 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland  
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France   
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom   
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. - Divisione IMI Corporate 
& Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands   
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom  
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
0013117-0002868 EUO2: 2001260308.13 
 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To TIM S.p.A. 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Lombardia 31,  
00187 – Roma 
Italy 
To Telecom Italia Finance S.A. 
Ernst & Young S.A. 
35E Avenue John F. Kennedy 
 L-1855 Luxembourg