--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS
TIM S.p.A.
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Italy)
€10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under this €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), TIM S.p.A. (the Issuer or TIM) may from time to time issue 
notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and, together, the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors".
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities 
dated 16 July 2019, as amended (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 
2017/1129). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The CSSF is requested to provide the competent authority in the Republic of Italy, the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB), with a certificate of such approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (the Notification). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host 
Member States within the European Economic Area with a Notification. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application may also be made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on Borsa Italiana S.p.A.’s (Borsa Italiana) regulated 
Mercato Telematico delle Obbligazioni market (MOT), as sole listing venue or in addition to any other listing venue for the Notes.
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU), 
as amended (the MiFID II). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 28 March 2026, which corresponds to a period of 12 
months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) 
and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the 
Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the 
MOT will be published on the website of Borsa Italiana (www.borsaitaliana.it). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes.
Subject to and as set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Taxation”, TIM shall not be liable to pay any additional amounts to holders of the 
Notes in relation to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as the same may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time), where the Notes are held by a Noteholder resident for tax purposes in a country which does not allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy and otherwise in the circumstances described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Taxation”. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. The Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.
The Issuer has been rated Ba3 (positive outlook) by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (Moody’s), BB (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) 
and BB (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch). Each of Moody’s, S&P and/or Fitch is established in the European Union (the EU)

--- Page 2 ---
2
and is registered under the Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the EU CRA Regulation). As such, each of Moody’s, 
S&P and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. Please also refer to “Credit ratings may not reflect all risks” in the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the UK) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law (the UK CRA Regulation and, together with the EU CRA Regulation, the relevant CRA Regulation) 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to (i) the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) or (ii) the secured overnight 
financing rate (SOFR), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Market Institute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). Furthermore, as far as the Issuer is aware, the administrators of SOFR 
(the Federal Reserve Bank of New York), are not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmark Regulation (or of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmark Regulation), as the case may be).
Arrangers
BNP PARIBAS                    J.P. MORGAN
Dealers
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A.
BNP PARIBAS
CITIGROUP
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB
DEUTSCHE BANK
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL
IMI - INTESA SANPAOLO
J.P. MORGAN
MEDIOBANCA
MUFG SECURITIES (EUROPE) N.V.
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING
UNICREDIT 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 28 March 2025.

--- Page 3 ---
3
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement 
thereto, and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all information which is deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such information is so incorporated and forms 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.
Save for the Issuer, no other party has separately verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with any issue 
and offering of the Notes under the Programme.
No person is or has been authorised by any of the Issuer or the Trustee to give any information or to 
make any representation not contained in or consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuer 
any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of any of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe or purchase any 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is

--- Page 4 ---
4
correct as at any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any 
information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published 
documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any Notes. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is

--- Page 5 ---
5
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE – With respect to each issuance of Notes, the Issuer may make 
a determination about the classification of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for purposes of 
Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended or modified from 
time to time, the SFA). The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled "Notification 
under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore" that will state the product 
classification of the applicable Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein) pursuant to Section 
309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) shall be "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such 
legend included in the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes 
of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 6 ---
6
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, France, Belgium, Japan, 
Singapore, Switzerland and the EEA. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
7
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Presentation of Financial Information
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2024 (together, the Financial Statements) of TIM and its consolidated subsidiaries (the 
TIM Group).
The Issuer’ financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year 
are to the twelve-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board and adopted by the EU (IFRS).
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:
All references in this Base Prospectus document to euro, Euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended. Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling and all references to U.S. dollars, 
U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars. 
References to the “TIM Group” refer to TIM and its consolidated subsidiaries as they exist at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.
References to a billion are to a thousand million.
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 8 ---
8
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may 
wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisors, whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) statements 
identified by the use of terminology such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, “could”, “estimate”, 
“expect”, “future”, “help”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “project”, “shall”, “should”, “will”, “would” or the 
negative or other variations thereof as well as other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. In 
addition, this Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements relating to the TIM Group’s potential 
exposure to various types of market risks. These statements are based on the Issuer’s current expectations and 
projections about future events and involve substantial uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of 
historical facts, contained herein regarding the Issuer’s strategy, goals, plans, future financial position, 
projected revenues and costs or prospects are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are 
subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. By their nature, 
forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on 
circumstances that will occur in the future, the majority of which are beyond the Group’s control. 
There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those 
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Future events or actual results could differ materially 
from those set forth in, contemplated by or underlying forward-looking statements. In addition, all subsequent 
written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer or persons acting on its behalf, are 
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this Base Prospectus 
including any document incorporated by reference herein. The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to 
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events

--- Page 9 ---
9
or otherwise. As a result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, investors should not place undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results or otherwise.
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA AND THIRD PARTIES INFORMATION
Information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and other industry 
data pertaining to the Issuer and the TIM Group’s business contained in this Base Prospectus consists of 
estimates based on data reports compiled by professional organisations and analysts, on data from other 
external sources, and on the Issuer’s knowledge of its sales and markets. In many cases, there is no readily 
available external information (whether from trade associations, government bodies or other organisations) to 
validate market-related analyses and estimates, requiring the Issuer to rely on internally developed estimates. 
There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those 
expressed or implied by this information. While the Issuer has compiled, extracted and, to the best of its 
knowledge, correctly reproduced market or other industry data or any other information from external sources, 
including third parties or industry or general publications, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have independently 
verified that data. The Issuer cannot assure investors of the accuracy and completeness of, and takes no 
responsibility for, such data other than the responsibility for the correct and accurate reproduction thereof. The 
information in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. However, information regarding the sectors and 
markets in which the TIM Group operates may not be available for certain periods and, accordingly, such 
information may not be current as of the date of this Base Prospectus. All sources of such information have 
been identified where such information is used. Similarly, while the Issuer believes such information to be 
reliable and believes its internal estimates to be reasonable and confirms all information to be up to date on 
the date of approval of this Base Prospectus, it has not been verified by any independent sources. Undue 
reliance should therefore not be placed on such information. See also “Forward-Looking Statements”, above.

--- Page 10 ---
10
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 11 ---
11
CONTENTS
Clause
Page
Overview of the Programme..................................................................................................................12
Risk Factors ...........................................................................................................................................18
Documents Incorporated by Reference..................................................................................................71
Form of the Notes ..................................................................................................................................76
Applicable Final Terms..........................................................................................................................78
Terms and Conditions of the Notes........................................................................................................93
Use of Proceeds....................................................................................................................................135
Description of the Issuer ......................................................................................................................136
Regulation............................................................................................................................................150
Litigation..............................................................................................................................................151
TIM Group – Selected Financial Information and Statistical Operating Data ....................................152
Directors, Executive Officers and Statutory Auditors .........................................................................153
Taxation ...............................................................................................................................................157
Subscription and Sale...........................................................................................................................167
General Information.............................................................................................................................173

--- Page 12 ---
12
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, a 
new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be published.
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended (the Delegated Regulation).
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer:
TELECOM ITALIA S.p.A. named also “TIM S.p.A.”
TIM was incorporated as a joint stock company under the 
laws of Italy on 20 October 1908, and its duration is until 
31 December 2100. TIM’s registered office is Via Gaetano 
Negri 1, 20123 Milan, Italy.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
TIM: 549300W384M3RI3VXU42
Risk Factors:
There are certain risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme.
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme and risks relating to the 
structure of a particular Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these are set out under “Risk Factors”.
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arrangers:
BNP PARIBAS and J.P. Morgan SE
Dealers:
Banco Santander, S.A.
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Goldman Sachs International
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
J.P. Morgan SE
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 13 ---
13
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.
Société Générale
UniCredit Bank GmbH
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect 
of 
which 
particular 
laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the 
date of this Base Prospectus.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have 
a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Trustee:
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Programme Size:
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement.
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis.
Currencies:
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Maturities:
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.

--- Page 14 ---
14
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in 
“Form of the Notes”.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for 
each Series of Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate of 
Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest or both.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest.
Benchmark discontinuation:
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5.3(b) 
(Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
5.3(c) 
(Adjustment 
Spread)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.3(d) 
(Benchmark Amendments)).
Redemption:
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following an 
Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving

--- Page 15 ---
15
notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, 
on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution. See 
“Certain Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year” above.
Issuer Maturity Par Call and Clean 
– Up Call:
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer 
has an Issuer Maturity Par Call or Clean-Up Call. See 
Condition 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Maturity Par Call)) and Condition 7.5 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call)).
Investor Put and Change of Control 
Put:
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon the 
occurrence of a Put Event or a Change of Control Put, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Issuer on a date or dates specified 
prior to their stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
See Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders 
(Investor 
Put)) 
and 
Condition 
7.7 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of 
Control Put)).
Denomination of Notes:
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency 
and save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amounts in such currency). 
See “Certain Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year” above.
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by any Relevant Jurisdiction, subject as provided in 
Condition 8. In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances 
provided in Condition 8, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted.
Restrictions on Security Interests:
The terms of the Notes will contain a provision restricting 
the ability of the Issuer to create security interests in respect 
of certain of their capital markets indebtedness, as further 
described in Condition 3.

--- Page 16 ---
16
Cross Default:
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross-default 
provision as further described in Condition 10.
Status of the Notes:
The Notes will constitute unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save as aforesaid and for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding.
Rating:
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. Where a 
Series of Notes is rated, it will be rated by Moody’s Italia 
S.r.l. (Moody’s), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P) and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch). 
Moody’s, S&P and Fitch are established in the EU and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. A security rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not 
each credit rating applied for in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU or the UK and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, as the case may be, will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms.
Approval, listing and admission to 
trading:
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. Application may also be made for the Notes to 
be admitted to listing on the MOT organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana (as sole listing venue or in addition to any 
other listing venue for the Notes).
Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to each Series. Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued.
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or markets.

--- Page 17 ---
17
Governing Law:
The Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed and any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with 
them, will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law, save for the provisions contained in (i) 
Condition 15 of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and 
(ii) the Trust Deed concerning the meeting of Noteholders 
and the appointment of the rappresentante comune are 
subject to compliance with Italian law. 
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, 
Italy, France, Belgium, Singapore, Switzerland and Japan, 
and such other restrictions as may be required in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. 
See “Subscription and Sale”.
United States Selling Restrictions:
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA D 
Rules/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 18 ---
18
RISK FACTORS
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually 
or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. The Issuer may not be 
aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may 
become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside of the Issuer’s control. The Issuer has 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their 
businesses and ability to make payments due.
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are described below. 
Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out below and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this section.
FACTORS WHICH MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME
1.
Risks 
related 
to 
the 
business 
activity 
and 
industry 
of 
the 
Issuer 
Following the successful completion of the NetCo Transactions, there can be no assurance that the 
TIM Group will be able to deliver any or all of the related expected benefits of the NetCo Transactions 
from a business perspective.
In November 2023, the Board of Directors of TIM examined and then accepted the binding offer submitted 
on 16 October 2023 by KKR for the purchase of TIM’s fixed network assets and the shareholdings held in 
FiberCop S.p.A. (FiberCop) and Telenergia S.r.l. (Telenergia and, together with FiberCop, NetCo), by 
Optics BidCo (a subsidiary of KKR). In execution of the resolutions adopted, TIM therefore signed the 
Transaction Agreement with Optics BidCo that governed the NetCo Transactions. 
The Transaction Agreement provided that on the closing date, the Master Services Agreements would 
be signed governing the terms and conditions of the services to be performed between NetCo and TIM 
S.p.A. following the completion of the Transaction (See the section “Description of the Issuer — 
Disposal of NetCo”).
Following the successful completion of the NetCo Transactions on the Acquisition Closing Date, the TIM 
Group expects, among other things, to be able to implement a strategic flexibility, compete on a level playing 
field among its peers and further benefit from organic and inorganic growth. However, the TIM Group may 
be unable to realise or capitalise on the anticipated benefits it expects to achieve from the successful 
completion of the NetCo Transactions. Failure to achieve or capitalise on such benefits could adversely 
affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. See the section “Description of the Issuer 
— Strategy.”

--- Page 19 ---
19
The TIM Group operates in a heavily regulated industry and regulatory decisions or changes in the 
regulatory environment, as well as failure to comply with such regulatory framework, could adversely 
affect its business. 
The TIM Group’s fixed and mobile telecommunications operations, in Italy and abroad, are subject to extensive, 
costly and evolving regulatory regimes. Changes in such laws and regulations, or failure by the TIM Group to 
comply with such laws and regulations could materially and adversely affect the TIM Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects. As a member of the EU, Italy has adapted its regulatory 
legislation and rules for electronic communications services to the framework established by the EU Parliament 
and Council. Non-compliance with laws and regulations may lead to judicial or administrative sanctions, 
financial losses or reputational damage. 
The TIM Group aims to ensure process compliance, which includes the procedures and information systems 
that regulate them, as well as corporate behaviours aligning with regulatory standards. The risk relates to 
potential delays required to achieve compliance with evolving regulations or in cases where non-compliance is 
detected, and it is monitored via the internal control system specifically designed for this purpose.
The TIM Group faces disputes and litigation with tax and government authorities, regulatory bodies, antitrust 
authorities, other TLC operators, and other parties. The possible impacts of these proceedings are generally 
uncertain. These issues, whether individually or collectively, could, if unfavourable to the TIM Group, have a 
significant negative effect on operating results, financial position and cash flows.
Within this regulatory framework, the main risks the TIM Group faces include:

the lack of predictability concerning both the timing of the regulatory proceedings and their final 
outcome, which depends on both AGCOM and the Italian Antitrust Authority’s (Autorità Garante 
della Concorrenza e del Mercato) (AGCM) decisions;

possible AGCOM decisions that apply retroactively and their potential impact on the TIM Group’s 
business, results of operations and the guidance presented to the market (e.g., review of prices from 
prior years following the decisions of administrative courts, repricing decisions, proceedings that 
impact technological decisions and return on investment);

any AGCOM decisions that may influence technological choices, potentially impacting the payback 
period of infrastructure investments; and

any AGCM decisions that may limit TIM's competitive position.
Regulation is a key factor in evaluating the likelihood of return on investments and therefore in deciding 
where to invest. Regulatory uncertainty and regulatory changes imposed on the TIM Group can impact 
its revenues and can make it more difficult to make important investment decisions.
Moreover, disputes arising from operators challenging AGCOM decisions before administrative courts or 
disputes with other operators before AGCOM may result in a further degree of uncertainty with respect to 
rules and economic requirements.
The AGCM and AGCOM, under certain circumstances, may also intervene in the TIM Group’s business, 
setting fines and/or imposing changes in its service provision operating processes and in its offers. In addition,

--- Page 20 ---
20
AGCOM or AGCM decisions may impose constraints on the pricing of fixed and mobile offers based on 
consumer protection legislation.
The Brazil Business Unit is also subject to extensive regulation. Its international operations, therefore, face 
similar regulatory issues as the TIM Group faces in Italy, including the possibility for regulators to impose 
obligations and conditions on how the TIM Group operates its businesses in Brazil as well as taking decisions 
that can have an adverse effect on its results.
As a result, the decisions of regulators or the implementation of new regulations in Brazil and the costs of 
its compliance with any such decisions or new regulations, may limit its flexibility in responding to market 
conditions, competition and changes in its cost base which could individually or in the aggregate, have a 
material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.
Due to the continuous evolution of the regulatory regime affecting various parts of its business in Italy and 
in its international operations, the TIM Group is unable to clearly predict the impact of any proposed or 
potential changes in the regulatory environment in Italy, Brazil and its other international markets. 
Regulations in the telecommunications industry are constantly changing to adapt to new competition and 
technology. See “Description of the Issuer — Overview of the TIM Group’s Major Business Areas”  “—The 
TIM Group may be subject to increasing market competition.” Changes in laws, regulation or government 
policy could adversely affect the TIM Group’s business and competitiveness. In particular, the TIM Group’s 
ability to compete effectively in its existing or new markets could be adversely affected if regulators decide 
to expand the restrictions and obligations to which it is subject or extend them to new services and markets. 
Finally, decisions by regulators regarding the granting, amendment, revocation or renewal of its 
authorisations and public concessions, or those of third parties, could adversely affect its future operations 
in Italy and in other countries where the TIM Group operates.
The TIM Group’s business will be adversely affected if the TIM Group is unable to successfully 
implement its strategic objectives and factors beyond its control may prevent it from successfully 
implementing its strategy.
In recent years, the telecommunications market has shown a high level of competition, which has resulted 
in a significant reduction in customer spending, while at the same time requiring an increasing level of 
investment needed to support network development. In the face of the contraction of the traditional 
telecommunication core business related to connectivity of voice and data, the TIM Group has progressively 
evolved its positioning across its markets. Currently, the TIM Group is effectively operating in adjacent 
markets, with different levels of competition and different investment cycles, using specific commercial 
approaches and operating models. For more details of the TIM Group’s existing market competition strategy, 
please see “Description of the Issuer —Strategy.”
In 2024, TIM successfully implemented its Delayering Plan, announced in the 2024-2026 Industrial Plan, 
transitioning to a more streamlined and horizontal structure. This reorganisation resulted in three distinct 
business areas: (i) TIM Consumer, serving Italian households, individuals, and small and medium-sized 
enterprises, (ii) TIM Enterprise, dedicated to large Italian corporations and public administration, with the 
potential for further separation into a standalone entity and (iii) TIM Brasil, focused on the Brazilian market.
This transformation enhances market focus and operational efficiency while mitigating regulatory constraints.

--- Page 21 ---
21
For more details on the TIM Group’s strategic objectives, please see “Description of the Issuer —
Strategy.” 
The TIM Group’s ability to implement and achieve its strategic objectives and priorities may be 
influenced by certain factors, including factors outside of its control. Such factors include:

an increase in the number of competitors in the telecommunications industry that could reduce 
the TIM Group’s market share;

the TIM Group’s ability to successfully compete on both price and innovation capabilities with 
respect to new products and services, including competition from mobile virtual network operators 
(MVNOs), which offer telecommunication services to customers by leasing network capacity from 
traditional network providers, without their own network infrastructure and global and local OTT 
providers which offer content and services using the Internet, without their own network 
infrastructure;

a deterioration in the macroeconomic conditions affecting (also taking into consideration the 
impact of the current inflationary environment and energy crisis) the principal markets in which 
the TIM Group operates, including, in particular, its core Italian market;

the impact of regulatory decisions and changes in the regulatory environment in Italy, Brazil and other 
countries in which the TIM Group operates, including the ability of the Italian government to exercise 
certain powers with respect to strategic transactions under Italian Golden Power Legislation (as 
defined below, see “– The Italian Golden Power Authority has exercised, and may in the future 
exercise, its special powers under the Golden Power Legislation with respect to the TIM Group, 
including with respect to the TIM Group’s ability to enter into strategic transactions”);

the TIM Group’s ability to develop and introduce new technologies that it considers attractive for its 
principal markets, to manage innovation, to supply value added services and to increase the use of its 
mobile networks;

the TIM Group’s ability to secure government subsidies and funds;

the TIM Group’s ability to obtain, maintain and renew necessary licences and authorisations in 
a timely and cost-effective manner;

controls and system technology failures, which could negatively affect the TIM Group’s 
revenues and reputation;

the introduction of transformative technologies that could be difficult for the TIM Group to 
keep pace with and could cause significant revenues decrease;

the TIM Group’s ability to operate efficiently and to refinance the TIM Group’s debt as it 
becomes due, particularly in consideration of political and economic conditions and 
uncertainties in credit and capital markets;

the TIM Group’s ability to most efficiently scale the TIM Group’s structure;

the TIM Group’s ability to attract and retain qualified personnel;

government policy and changes in the regulatory environment or legal frameworks;

the TIM Group’s ability to successfully implement its Internet and broadband and 
ultrabroadband strategy (especially with respect to ’fibre to the home (FTTH)’ in Brazil);

the TIM Group’s ability to successfully achieve its financial targets (including debt reduction);

physical and/or cyber threats;

the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange, inflation, interest rates and the performance of 
the financial markets in general;

--- Page 22 ---
22

the outcome of litigation, disputes and investigations in which the TIM Group is involved or 
may become involved, including those potentially arising in connection with the NetCo 
Transactions;

large scale adverse events that could cause negative effects, requiring a long recovery period, or even 
impact the socioeconomic environment permanently, such as natural disasters, political instability, 
or pandemics;

the possibility of an increase in taxes by governments in order to balance their financial deficit;

increasing demand on the TIM Group’s system bandwidth to manage the continuous growth of 
mobile data traffic, which in turn requires further investments in infrastructure or the acquisition of 
additional spectrum frequencies in order to maintain network quality and prevent turnover, 
especially in big cities, where the population is highly concentrated and the costs of network 
expansion are considerably high;

the TIM Group’s ability to build up its business in adjacent markets and in international markets 
due to its specialist and technical resources;

the TIM Group’s ability to achieve the expected return on the investments and capital 
expenditures it has made and continues to make in Italy, Brazil and other countries in which it 
operates;

the amount and timing of any future impairment charges for the TIM Group’s authorisations, 
goodwill or other assets;

the TIM Group’s ability to manage any business or operating model transformation plans;

any difficulties which the TIM Group may encounter in its supply and procurement processes, 
including as a result of the insolvency or financial weaknesses of its suppliers;

non-recurring events and transactions; and

the costs the TIM Group incurs due to unexpected events, in particular where its insurance is 
not sufficient to cover such costs.
The factors outlined above, individually or in the aggregate, could materially adversely impact the TIM 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that 
the business and strategic objectives identified by the TIM Group’s management can effectively be attained 
in the manner and within the timeframes described. Furthermore, if the TIM Group is unable to attain its 
strategic priorities, or if a further deterioration in the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment 
exacerbates financial market conditions in the form of higher rates or wider credit spreads, and if the TIM 
Group is unable to sufficiently pass on any associated costs to its customers, its goodwill may be further 
impaired, which could result in significant write-offs.
The NetCo Transaction could cause the TIM Group to incur unexpected uncertainties and costs.
As a consequence of the NetCo Transactions, the TIM Group starting from 1 July 2024 provides or procures 
certain transitional services to FiberCop and FiberCop provides or procures certain transitional services to the 
TIM Group for a period of time sufficient to facilitate the transition to separate operations. Additionally, the 
TIM Group has maintained access to FiberCop’s infrastructure through the Master Services Agreement.  In 
light of these agreements, and based on their consequent contractual structures, the TIM Group could be subject 
to, among other things, (i) unexpected additional costs or adverse impacts on its business functions as a result 
of non-performance and/or underperformance by FiberCop of its obligations under such agreements and/or (ii) 
potential liabilities during the period of the Master Services Agreement and the Transitional Services

--- Page 23 ---
23
Agreement if it fails to deliver certain obligations to FiberCop, each of which could adversely affect its business, 
financial condition and results of operations (see the section “Description of the Issuer — Disposal of 
NetCo”).
Following the successful completion of the NetCo Transactions, any deterioration in the relationship 
with, or in the financial condition of, FiberCop could negatively impact the TIM Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.
In connection with the NetCo Transactions, the TIM Group has divested its ownership interest in NetCo 
(see the section “Description of the Issuer — Disposal of NetCo”). This divestment transitioned the 
relationship between FiberCop and the TIM Group into a new phase of commercial engagement. 
Pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, on the Acquisition Closing Date, the two parties entered into 
the Master Services Agreement. For further information regarding the Master Services Agreement, 
please refer to “Description of the Issuer — Disposal of NetCo”.
Pursuant to the Master Services Agreement, FiberCop, among other things, provided certain fixed-line 
wholesale access services to the TIM Group for an initial term of 15 years, with a renewal mechanism for 
an additional term. During such term, there can be no assurances that disputes will not arise between 
FiberCop and the TIM Group. In the event of a dispute, any actions FiberCop or the TIM Group could take, 
including the application of contractual penalties, to resolve the dispute could result in additional costs or 
lower revenues for the TIM Group. If a technological problem, such as any increase in traffic, a physical or 
cyber-attack or any other circumstances affecting the operations and reliability of FiberCop’s fixed-line 
network were to occur, the TIM Group would be unable to offer reliable and seamless fixed-line connectivity 
to its customers. This could in turn generate customer churn and materially and adversely affect the TIM 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that changes to the language or content of the Master Services Agreement 
could be made in the future, including as required by applicable law or regulation. Such amendments could 
affect the future business of the TIM Group and could adversely affect its business, results of operations and 
financial condition.
Following the successful completion of the NetCo Transactions, the TIM Group acquired from 
FiberCop certain fixed-line wholesale access services. Therefore, the TIM Group’s future costs and 
results of operations could be materially affected if FiberCop, for any reason, fails to develop, 
maintain, repair, upgrade, protect and replace its existing fixed-line network in Italy in order to meet 
the needs of the TIM Group.
Following completion of the NetCo Transactions, FiberCop has become the exclusive wholesale 
provider of ‘asymmetrical digital subscriber line’ (ADSL) and ‘fibre to the cabinet’ (FTTC) 
connectivity, the leading provider of FTTH connectivity in Italy, and the TIM Group’s largest supplier.
As part of the NetCo Transactions, certain personnel, assets, rights, liabilities and agreements relating to the 
network assets and layering infrastructure held by TIM as a going concern (ramo d’azienda) (the NetCo 
Business) to FiberCop. Pursuant to the terms of the Master Services Agreement, following the successful 
completion of the NetCo Transactions, the TIM Group continued to rely on the direct ownership of its mobile

--- Page 24 ---
24
infrastructure, data centres, backbone and further equipment and infrastructure components that are not 
included in the FiberCop business, but it acquired fixed-line wholesale access services from FiberCop to 
maintain its fixed offerings to its retail customers. The Master Services Agreement will be subject to the 
evaluation of AGCOM and AGCM, and the outcome of any such evaluation may have a beneficial or 
detrimental impact on the TIM Group.
In the event FiberCop (i) fails to develop, maintain, repair, upgrade, protect and replace its fixed-line 
network, (ii) experiences a major disruption in its business, such as a strike, work stoppage or slowdown, a 
supply chain problem or a decrease in orders from other licensed operators (OLOs) or (iii) files for 
bankruptcy protection, the TIM Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations could be 
materially adversely affected. Therefore, the loss of, or a significant reduction in, services offered by 
FiberCop, the early termination of the Master Services Agreement, or other material operational or financial 
difficulties experienced by FiberCop could materially adversely affect the TIM Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The TIM Group may be subject to increasing market competition.
Telecommunications operators have generally faced challenging market conditions in recent years, 
principally as a result of the decline in voice traffic and significant pricing pressures resulting from 
increased competition among operators.
Strong competition exists in all principal areas of the Italian telecommunications industry in which the TIM 
Group operates, particularly from OLOs in the consumer segment (as described in “Description of the Issuer 
— “Competition in the domestic market ”). Competition may become even more acute in the coming years, 
with additional international operators accessing the Italian market. The Italian telecommunications market 
continues to have an intense level of competition which generates for the TIM Group risks of a reduction in 
market share and pressure on prices. In the fixed retail market, for example, the recent launch of Iliad has added 
an additional risk pressure to an already complex situation. Similarly, the recent acquisition of Vodafone Italia 
by Swisscom is reshaping the competitive landscape for TIM, particularly within the business segment, due to 
the competitor’s dominance in certain geographical areas and its vertically integrated structure. In addition, 
potential consolidation between telecommunications operators in the Italian market could increase economies 
of scale for these telecommunication operators which could, in turn, lead to competitive pricing strategies that 
could have an impact on TIM Group’s services and products.
In Brazil, the TIM Group faces competition throughout Brazil from many providers in the personal 
communications service (PCS) market. The TIM Group also competes with providers of mobile 
telecommunication, voice over Internet protocol services (VoIP) and landline telecommunications services, 
including from providers who bundle voice and data to its customers in a single offer. Due to this increasing 
competition, the TIM Group may incur higher advertising and commercial costs as it attempts to maintain or 
expand its market share. Other than the TIM Group, the following main competitors also hold authorisations 
to provide PCS with national coverage: Claro S.A., under the brand name “Claro” and Telefônica Brasil S.A., 
under the brand name “Vivo.” Moreover, all PCS providers with national coverage offer third generation, or 
3G, and fourth generation, or 4G, fifth generation, or 5G mobile telecommunications network technology, 
reducing differentiation amongst competitors. With the assets acquired from the Oi Movel S.A. by TIM, Vivo 
and Claro, the TIM Group believes that the likelihood of further consolidations in the Brazilian

--- Page 25 ---
25
telecommunications market among the main competitors are remote, but if further consolidations driven by 
main competitors were to occur, those consolidations may enhance their strategic advantage with increased 
market power and access to greater financial resources, thereby weakening the TIM Group’s market position.
The TIM Group also faces increased competition from other services outside the telecommunications industry, 
such as the energy sector, where operators have expanded their services by offering integrated packages that 
include fibre connectivity. Added to this is the entry of low-orbit satellite operators, which, in the event of 
disparate regulatory conditions between satellite and terrestrial operators, could create a risk of unfair 
competition to the detriment of TIM, posing an additional competitive threat. In addition, while technological 
changes, such as the development, roll out, and improvement of 4G and 5G mobile networks, may create new 
revenue streams, it also hinders traditional services and introduces additional sources of competition, for 
example, with services like ‘voice over long-term evolution’ (VoLTE) calls, messages and SMSs. These OTT 
communication apps are often free of charge (i.e. no subscription fee), accessible by smartphones and usually 
allow their users to have access to potentially unlimited messaging and voice services over the Internet, 
bypassing traditional and more profitable voice and messaging services. As a result, voice traffic is migrating to 
data. Offers from almost all competitors have started to include unlimited voice, thereby accelerating 
commoditisation. Furthermore, very often OTT applications become so important to customers that they are 
bundled as zero-rated services, or OTT applications for which data usage is free. These and other factors, 
including the regulatory and tax asymmetry, are responsible for the increase in the competitive pressure the 
TIM Group is facing in the mobile market. OTT application service providers also leverage existing 
infrastructures and generally do not operate capital-intensive business models associated with traditional 
mobile network operators like the TIM Group. Technological developments have led to significant 
improvements in the services provided by OTT applications, particularly in speech quality delivered by data 
communications apps, thereby strengthening their positioning and relevance as competitors. In addition, 
providers with strong brand capability and financial strengths have turned their attention to the provision of 
OTT application services. In the long term, if non-traditional mobile voice and data services or similar 
services continue to increase to satisfy customers’ needs and if the TIM Group is not able to address this 
competition, this could contribute to further declines in mobile monthly average revenue per user (MARPU) 
as well as lower margins across many of the products and services the TIM Group offers, thereby having a 
material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. See “—
Continuing rapid changes in technologies could increase competition, reduce the usage of traditional 
services and require the TIM Group to make substantial additional investments.” The OTT service providers 
hold most of the content, the means to create it and the distribution channels. Together with these resources 
they dedicate themselves to creating new ways for their customers to interact with and consume content. As 
a result, it can be challenging for network operators, to design value-added services that are beneficial to 
customers. In addition to technological hurdles, the TIM Group may face other hurdles to offering value-
added services, such as regulatory hurdles. Additionally, the TIM Group expects that the 3.5GHz rights that 
were acquired by regional providers may provide them with an opportunity to become mobile network 
operators. In addition, the new neutral network, which is proposed to be offered by Winity Telecom (the 
winner of the 700 MHz spectrum), may leverage mobile network capacity for Internet service providers, 
thereby allowing ISPs to extend their offerings to their current broadband customer base with bundle 
offerings, which may increase their competitive offering in the marketplace.
Given the current macroeconomic environment, the TIM Group is introducing price mechanisms for 
adjusting its offers to account for increased costs associated with the prevalent inflationary environment in

--- Page 26 ---
26
which it operates in order to reduce the pressure on cash costs. Given the high level of competition in the 
market, there is the concrete risk that some competitors will not pursue price-based competition, resulting in 
a reduction in the TIM Group’s market share and further pressure on price in the retail market segment in 
which the TIM Group’s core business is expanding to include innovative and convergent services and offers 
for fixed and mobile telecommunication, as well as television content. This expansion creates new 
opportunities and risks for the TIM Group, as it faces increased competition from providers of IT as well as 
OTT and other media platforms and devices. The telecommunications market is also experiencing 
consolidation and globalisation, which may further intensify competition. See “—Risks Related to 
Macroeconomic Conditions Affecting the TIM Group.”
In addition, competition concerning innovative products and services in the TIM Group’s Italian 
domestic mobile telephony and broadband and ultrabroadband businesses has led, and could further 
lead to:

the obsolescence of existing technologies and more rapid deployment of new technologies;

an increase in costs and payback periods relating to investments in new technologies that are 
necessary to retain customers and market share; and

difficulties in reducing debt and funding strategic and technological investments if the TIM 
Group cannot generate sufficient profits and cash flows.
In the Brazilian market, the competitive risks are represented by the rapid transition of the business model from 
traditional to more innovative services. Changes in the consumption profile of the customer base (voice-to-data 
migration) require operators to be quick to prepare their infrastructure and modernise their portfolios of 
products and services. In this context, the Brazil Business Unit could be impacted by the need for the rapid 
development of technologies and infrastructures.
Competition in the TIM Group’s principal lines of business has led, and could further lead, to:

price and margin erosion for its traditional products and services;

loss of market share in its core markets;

loss of prospective customers; and

greater difficulty in retaining existing customers.
Although the TIM Group continues to take steps to realise additional efficiencies and to rebalance its revenue 
mix through the continuous introduction of innovative and value-added services, if any or all of the events 
described above occur, the impact of such factors could have a material adverse effect on the results of 
operations and financial condition of the TIM Group.
Customer churn, or the threat of customer churn, may adversely affect the TIM Group’s business.
The TIM Group is exposed to the risk of customer churn. Customer churn is a measure of the number of 
customers who stop subscribing for one or more of its products or services. Churn may arise mainly as a 
result of competitive influences, the relocation of clients outside of the TIM Group network area and price 
increases that the TIM Group may put in place. In addition, customer churn may also increase if the TIM 
Group is unable to deliver satisfactory services over its network or if its local and regional advertising 
strategies are not effective. For example, any interruption to its services, including the removal of certain

--- Page 27 ---
27
services, which may not be under its control, or other customer service problems, could contribute to an 
increase in customer churn or inhibit its goal of reducing customer churn. Any increase in customer churn 
could have a material impact on the TIM Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
The TIM Group is subject to credit risk with respect to its customers.
The TIM Group’s operations depend to a significant extent on the ability of its customers to pay for its 
services. In Brazil, under Brazil’s national telecommunication agency (Agência Nacional de 
Telecomunicações) (Anatel) regulations, the TIM Group is allowed to undertake certain measures to reduce 
customer defaults, such as restricting or limiting the services the TIM Group provides to customers with a 
history of defaults. 
In Italy, in order to intervene promptly to maximise receipts, TIM uses predictive analytical models both for 
assessing consumer credit risk and for implementing credit management and recovery actions in line with 
contractual conditions and current regulations.
If the TIM Group is unable to undertake measures to limit payment defaults by its subscribers or that allow 
it to accept new subscribers based on credit history, the TIM Group will remain subject to outstanding 
uncollectible amounts, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations.
The assumptions used in estimating savings targets components and steps as well as expected 
business and regulatory benefits are forward-looking in nature.
The TIM Group presents certain forward-looking savings targets that it expects to realise pursuant to the 
implementation of a cost-cutting transformation plan covering the ‘TIM consumer business’ segment and 
the ‘TIM Enterprise’ business segment and certain forward-looking business and regulatory benefits that the 
TIM Group expects to realise as a result of the successful completion of the NetCo Transactions and the 
implementation of the Transformation Plan. The assumptions used in estimating total savings, including the 
components of such estimates, and the steps to be taken to realise such savings as well as the assumptions 
used in estimating the timing and expected business and regulatory benefits from the successful completion 
of the NetCo Transactions and the implementation of the Transformation Plan are forward-looking in nature, 
inherently uncertain and subject to a variety of business, economic and competitive risks and uncertainties. 
It cannot be guaranteed that the information on which the TIM Group has based its estimates and 
assumptions will not change or that the TIM Group will be able to realise the cost savings or benefits that it 
believes possible based on these estimates and assumptions. 
The TIM Group may face difficulties responding to new telecommunications technologies.
The wireless telecommunications market is experiencing significant technological changes worldwide, 
as evidenced by the following, among key factors:

ongoing improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology available in Brazil; 

shorter time periods between the introduction of new telecommunication technologies and 
subsequent upgrades or replacements;

--- Page 28 ---
28

the development of user interface (UI), and user experience(UX), technology;

the development of customer behaviours, particularly the migration of services from voice to data, 
requiring new planning models and accelerating the evolution of communications on IP networks;

the development of cloud solutions to provide platform as a service (PaaS), software as a service 
(SaaS), or infrastructure as a service (IaaS), in order to drive down costs;

voice over LTE, known as VoLTE, which increases significantly the quality of voice calls and 
allows companies to traffic voice as data through their 4G networks;

the expansion of 5G DSS (dynamic spectrum sharing) technology, matched with the simultaneous 
management of multiple layers of legacy technology, such as a global system for mobile 
communication (GSM), 3G (Switch Off in Italy in 2H 2022), and 4G through different spectrum 
bands, which involves managing the LTE radio access network (RAN), sharing agreement among 
the TIM Group and other companies, which creates specific demands on bandwidth and 
performance, and takes advantage of network virtualisation, distributed cloud at the wireless edge, 
and allows multiple logical networks to run on top of a shared physical network infrastructure, 
known as network slicing, for traffic control in a service-based architecture;

the recent acquisition of the 100 MHz frequency nationally in the 3.5 GHz band, in addition to 
40 MHz blocks in the 2.3 GHz band in the South and Southeast regions of Brazil (excluding 
São Paulo);

the deployment of a new technology in mobile networks called 5G standalone (5G SA), which 
requires unprecedented levels of automation across an end-to-end network to fulfil the needs of new 
services and applications. The 5G SA network needs to be flexible, programmable and distributable 
in nature, so that it can provide the necessary flexibility to reduce time-to-market and provide the 
greatest performance and efficiency gains. As a result of the development of 5G SA, products and 
services supplied by different providers can be more greatly differentiated as between competitors, 
as 5G SA better enables the provision of custom services, including, for example, services with very 
high throughputs and/or very low latencies;

the widespread implementation, in the near future, of Embedded Subscriber Identity Module 
(e-SIM), technology, which is a small microchip built into phones as an alternative to the 
conventional physical SIM card, and which will enable the TIM Group’s customers to switch 
faster to other providers, thereby increasing competition;

the expansion of the IoT technology in all of its forms and applications, requiring the creation 
of new platforms enabling its operation in new areas of the value chain. Ecosystem IoT 
strengthening with new partnerships, using connectivity as an enabler to increase productivity 
and expand the customer base; and

the acceleration in the use of artificial intelligence, or AI, and machine learning, in order to use 
resources more efficiently, reduce spending and increase agility.
It is not possible for the Issuer to fully evaluate the effect that such significant technological changes may have 
on the TIM Group’s business. As a result, each of the above-listed factors may have a material adverse effect 
on the TIM Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
The TIM Group business may be negatively impacted by restrictions on customer access to mobile phone 
financing.

--- Page 29 ---
29
Like other operators in the telecommunications industry, the TIM Group bases part of its strategy for attracting 
and retaining customers on mobile phone financing offered to its subscribers. Should consumers’ access to 
mobile phone financing be more limited or more costly, in the future, for example, as a result of adverse 
financial market conditions in light of current inflationary market conditions or in the event of a recession, or a 
re-emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic causing lenders to tighten lending standards for consumer financing, 
consumers may be unable or unwilling to finance the purchase of handsets and other hardware from the TIM 
Group and so may delay their purchase of TIM Group products or services, negatively impacting its sales, 
growth capacity and the generation of cash to cover the TIM Group’s financial obligations.
Increasing data security requirements by financial institutions, certain other corporate customers 
and governmental entities may adversely affect the TIM Group’s business and profitability.
The TIM Group is a provider of fixed-line and mobile retail services to a number of public and private financial 
institutions, government entities and corporate customers with data security requirements. These customers 
may continue to increase their data security requirements, and the TIM Group may be required to undertake 
additional investments in order to adhere to these enhanced data security requirements, such as by, for example, 
enhanced encryption requirements, as well as evolving statutory and regulatory requirements, including 
obtaining and maintaining certain International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO) certifications, 
improving access rights management systems and developing a corporate data encryption infrastructure. As a 
result, the TIM Group may incur additional capital expenditures to satisfy its data security requirements. These 
customers could be dissatisfied with the TIM Group’s enhanced data security requirements and could terminate 
their contracts with the TIM Group. Such terminations could have a material adverse effect on the TIM Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.
The TIM Group depends on data centres operated by third parties and third-party cloud computing 
platforms, and any disruption in the operation of these facilities or platforms or access to the Internet 
would adversely affect the TIM Group’s business.
The TIM Group’s business requires the ongoing availability and uninterrupted operation of internal and 
external systems and services. The TIM Group has adopted new technology infrastructure solutions, which 
carries with it some risk to business continuity. With the adoption of cloud computing technology, key IT 
systems are being migrated to the public cloud. Despite cloud computing reducing some risks, such as delays 
in the supply of equipment by suppliers (like spare parts, servers, etc.), the adoption of cloud computing means 
that the control and responsibilities for the proper functioning of the systems are shared between the TIM Group 
and the third parties. In all cases the third parties will be responsible for the physical infrastructure, connectivity, 
energy supply, cooling and all the capabilities related to infrastructure availability. Depending on the cloud 
service type involved for any specific system (e.g., for infrastructure as a servicer (IaaS), platform as a service 
(PaaS), software as a service (SaaS)), other capabilities will be the responsibility of the third party, according 
to the principles of the shared responsibility model defined by the cloud computing organisation, the Cloud 
Security Alliance, and incorporated into TIM Group’s contracts with the third-party providers. These third-
party providers may experience connectivity disruption, outages and other performance problems, which may 
be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, security 
attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage and denial of service issues. As such, the TIM Group’s success also 
depends directly on the continuity of the provision of computing capacity and the availability of connectivity 
between the cloud computing provider’s data centres, including the connectivity with the TIM Group’s data

--- Page 30 ---
30
centres and internal networks. An intermittent failure or complete lack of connectivity or system availability, 
may cause interruption to the TIM Group’s services, affecting its availability indicators as well as its revenue 
and reputation. Having data hosted on a public cloud also poses a risk to the TIM Group’s ability to comply 
with data protection principles or law (such as the GDPR and LGPD (defined below)). As such, the TIM 
Group’s success depends on its ability to certify that cloud providers are adopting security best practices, as 
well as complying with the terms of data protection laws in accordance with its contractually agreed terms.
The TIM Group may be subject to liability related to outsourcing certain functions to third-party 
service providers.
The TIM Group may be exposed to contingent liabilities due to the outsourcing of certain functions to third-
party service providers. For example, following the NetCo Transactions, the TIM Group will acquire fixed-line 
wholesale access services from FiberCop to maintain its fixed offerings to its retail customers. See “Description 
of the Issuer — Disposal of NetCo”.  Such potential liabilities may involve claims by third-party providers 
who claim that they are treated as direct employees as well as claims for secondary liability resulting from 
workplace injury, wage parity and overtime pay complaints. The TIM Group’s financial condition and results 
of operation may be adversely affected in the event that a material portion of these liabilities are decided against 
it. In Brazil, the Supreme Court has declared the outsourcing of any company’s main activities as legal, which 
indicates a probable favourable outcome regarding the matter. Regardless of the decision in the Supreme Court, 
the TIM Group would be jointly liable with the service provider in connection with any violation of labour 
obligations related to the outsourced workers. If the contracting of third-party services is considered to involve 
the main activities of the company, it may be characterised as direct employment, which would significantly 
increase the TIM Group’s costs and as a result the TIM Group may be subject to administrative proceedings by 
the relevant labour authorities and required to pay fines to the third-party service providers. See also “—Risks 
Related to the TIM Group’s Business Activity and Industry—Following the successful completion of the NetCo 
Transactions, the TIM Group acquired from FiberCop certain fixed-line wholesale access services. 
Therefore, the TIM Group’s future costs and results of operations could be materially affected if 
FiberCop, for any reason, fails to develop, maintain, repair, upgrade, protect and replace its existing 
fixed-line network in Italy in order to meet the needs of the TIM Group.”
The TIM Group relies on certain third parties to provide services to its customers and to support its 
operations. Any delay or failure by such third parties to provide their services or products, any increase 
in the prices they charge the TIM Group or any decision not to renew their contracts with the TIM 
Group could cause delay or interruptions in its operations, which could damage its reputation and 
result in the loss of revenue and/or customers.
The TIM Group has important relationships with several suppliers of hardware, software and services that it 
uses to operate its network and systems and provide customer service. Further, it relies on various vendors to 
supply network equipment, mobile handsets and accessories necessary for its business. It also uses many 
suppliers, particularly in relation to smartphone suppliers and software licence providers and for deploying 
mobile telecommunications networks. To achieve the transmission capacity and quality levels needed for its 
growing number of subscribers and their changing requirements, the TIM Group relies partly on electronic 
communications networks belonging to other operators and networks rolled out by certain local authorities, 
such as FiberCop, Fastweb S.p.A., Open Fiber S.p.A., A2A S.p.A. and Lepida. In addition, following the 
NetCo Transactions, the TIM Group acquired fixed-line wholesale access services from FiberCop to maintain

--- Page 31 ---
31
its fixed offerings to its retail customers. See also “—Following the successful completion of the NetCo 
Transactions, the TIM Group acquired from FiberCop certain fixed-line wholesale access services. 
Therefore, the TIM Group’s future costs and results of operations could be materially affected if FiberCop, 
for any reason, fails to develop, maintain, repair, upgrade, protect and replace its existing fixed-line network 
in Italy in order to meet the needs of the TIM Group.”
The TIM Group’s primary suppliers are involved in the provision and deployment of fixed-line and mobile 
telecommunications networks as well as the supply of mass-market products, such as smart devices and 
software licences. Even though there are no constraints on the TIM Group in substituting these suppliers 
with other providers, any changes in macroeconomic conditions affecting the TIM Group or any other factors 
described in the “Risk Factors—Risk Factors Related to the TIM Group” section, individually or in the 
aggregate, could limit the TIM Group’s ability to renew its existing contracts or substitute these suppliers 
with other providers on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. This could have a material adverse effect 
on the TIM Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
One or more of the suppliers of the TIM Group may not be able to supply the products and/or services 
concerned. This could affect the TIM Group’s ability to fully control its networks, offer high quality services 
and conduct its operations, or could lead to additional costs, each of which could have a material adverse 
impact on the TIM Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
The TIM Group also hires a number of subcontractors to maintain its network, operate its call centres and 
supply, install and maintain the terminals set up at its customers’ homes. Even if the TIM Group works with 
a limited number of subcontractors which it carefully selects and closely monitors, it cannot guarantee that 
their tasks are properly carried out and fully compliant with the quality and safety standards it requires or that 
their tasks will not be further assigned to other third-party contractors. In the event that hardware or software 
products or related services from or by third-party contractors are defective, or if the tasks assigned to its 
subcontractors are not properly carried out, it may be difficult or impossible to enforce recourse claims against 
suppliers or subcontractors, especially if warranties included in contracts with suppliers or subcontractors are 
exceeded by those in the TIM Group’s contracts with customers, in individual cases, or if the suppliers or 
subcontractors are insolvent, in whole or in part. In addition, this would damage the TIM Group’s 
relationships with its customers and the reputation of its brands.
There can be no assurance that the TIM Group will be able to obtain the hardware, software or services it 
needs for the operation of its business, in a timely manner, on competitive terms and in adequate amounts, 
or at all. The occurrence of any of these risks may create technical problems, damage its reputation, result in 
the loss of customers and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations.
Additionally, the TIM Group has entered into long-term contracts for television content distribution that 
commit it to paying a guaranteed minimum amount to the counterparties. The evaluation of these contracts 
and the estimate of the costs associated with them, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which 
include, among others, market dynamics, decisions of the market regulatory authorities and the development 
of new technologies to support the services. These estimates are periodically reviewed on the basis of actual 
data in order to ensure that the forecast data remain within reasonably predictable ranges. In the past, the 
TIM Group has faced risks relating to its internal control procedures with respect to complex contracts and

--- Page 32 ---
32
it may face similar risks in the future. For example, in the year ended 31 December 2024, the TIM Group 
recorded significant provisions for contractual risks for onerous contracts. See “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” for further information. Not all of the factors mentioned are under the TIM Group’s control and 
could therefore have a significant impact on future forecasts regarding the performance of the contracts, the 
estimated margin amount (positive or negative) and/or the cash flows that will be generated.
From an ESG perspective, suppliers contribute significantly to the TIM Group’s overall environmental 
impact, and the inability to effectively engage suppliers in reducing CO2 emissions can pose a risk for the 
company in terms of failing to achieve climate goals, with economic and reputational impacts.
Continuing rapid changes in technologies could increase competition, reduce the usage of traditional 
services and require the TIM Group to make substantial additional investments.
The TIM Group, like other operators, faces increasing competition from non-traditional data services with 
respect to new voice and messaging OTT technologies, in particular OTT applications such as Microsoft 
Teams, FaceTime, Messenger and WhatsApp. These applications are often free of charge, other than charges 
for data usage, and are accessible via smartphones, tablets and computers. These applications provide users 
with potentially unlimited access to messaging and voice services over the Internet, bypassing more expensive 
traditional voice and messaging services, such as SMS, which have historically been a source of significant 
revenues for mobile network operators like the TIM Group. In Italy and Brazil, an increasing number of 
customers are using OTT applications services instead of traditional voice and SMS communications.
Historically, the TIM Group has generated a substantial portion of its revenues from voice and SMS 
services, particularly in its mobile business in Italy, and the substitution of data services for these 
traditional voice and SMS volumes has had, and could continue to have, a negative impact on the TIM 
Group’s operating results and financial position.
If non-traditional voice and messaging data services continue to increase to satisfy customers’ needs and the 
TIM Group is unable to address such competition, its average mobile revenue per user (ARPU) could decline 
and the TIM Group would face lower margins across many of its products and services, resulting in a 
material adverse effect on the TIM Group’s operating results and financial position.
Changes in competitive offerings for content, including the potential rapid adoption of piracy-based 
video offerings, could adversely impact the TIM Group’s business.
The market for content is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Through new and existing 
distribution channels, consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video, sports and other 
content. The various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, transactional, ad-
supported and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture meaningful segments of the 
content market. Piracy, in particular, threatens to damage the TIM Group’s business, as its fundamental 
proposition to consumers is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free. 
Furthermore, in light of the compelling consumer proposition, piracy services are subject to rapid global 
growth. Traditional providers of content, including broadcasters, as well as Internet-based e-commerce or 
content providers are increasing their Internet based offerings. Several of these competitors have long 
operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition and significant financial, marketing and

--- Page 33 ---
33
other resources. They may secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote 
more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions and marketing. New 
entrants may enter the market or existing providers may adjust their services with unique offerings or 
approaches to providing content. Companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that 
strengthen their competitive positions. If the TIM Group is unable to successfully or profitably compete with 
current and new competitors, its business will be adversely affected, and it may not be able to increase or 
maintain its market shares, revenues and/or profitability.
The TIM Group may be adversely affected if it fails to successfully implement its Internet and 
4.5G/5G Next Generation Mobile Networks strategy.
With the continuing development of Internet and broadband services the TIM Group aims to increase the 
use of its networks to offset the continuing decline of traditional voice services. 
However, the TIM Group’s ability to successfully implement this strategy may be negatively affected if:

broadband mobile coverage does not grow as the TIM Group expects;

competition grows to include players from adjacent markets or technological developments 
introducing new platforms for Internet access and/or Internet distribution;

the TIM Group is unable to provide superior broadband connections and broadband/mobile 
services relative to its competitors;

delays in obtaining the necessary permits, concessions and authorisations (including spectrum 
concessions and any required permits in relation to environmental, urbanistic, building permits, 
expropriation, zoning and fire prevention matters) occur or the TIM Group is unable to ensure 
continued compliance with the requirements set forth by such permits;

delays in the procurement of materials and devices occur due to possible supply shocks;

the TIM Group experiences network interruptions or related capacity problems with network 
infrastructure; or

the TIM Group is unable to obtain adequate returns from the investments related to its network 
development.
In addition, the implementation of 4.5G/5G technologies is dependent on a number of factors, including the 
availability and selection of cutting-edge technology from the TIM Group’s network/platforms and device 
vendors. If the TIM Group fails to achieve its objectives for the implementation of 4G/5G coverage in a timely 
manner, or at all, it may lose market share to its competitors in this strategically important segment.
Any of the above factors may adversely affect the successful implementation of the TIM Group’s 
strategy and, accordingly, the TIM Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Failure to achieve coverage targets and the lack of technological transformation of legacy 
infrastructures and platforms may limit the provision of high-speed connectivity, reduce the quality of 
the service offered, and have consequences for customer experience, economic flows, and the TIM 
Group’s reputation.

--- Page 34 ---
34
The TIM Group’s business may be adversely affected if it fails to successfully implement its ICT 
strategy.
The TIM Group intends to continue focusing on information technology-telecommunication (IT-TLC) 
convergence by addressing the ICT market, offering network and infrastructure management, as well as 
application management. In particular, as the market for cloud services continues to grow, the ICT market 
is expected to become a key element of its strategy.
For this reason, the National Strategic Hub (Polo Strategico Nazionale), in which the TIM Group holds a 
45% equity interest, was recently established, dealing with the design, preparation, fitting out and 
management of infrastructure for the supply of cloud services and solutions for Italian local and national 
public administrations.
The TIM Group's strategies, such as the development of new technological infrastructures (i.e., Data 
Centres), partnerships with leading global players, and a series of proprietary innovative IT solutions, 
represent assets available for executing a growth strategy in this sector.
The rapid rate of technological innovation and strong competition are the main challenges that need to 
be addressed and managed, as they pose a risk in terms of revenues and margins, requiring careful and 
timely investment evaluation. TIM anticipates that the competition in this market will intensify as new 
players, particularly telecommunications operators collaborating with IT operators, enter the market 
and shift the balance of this sector, potentially impacting on the TIM Group’s objectives. See “—The 
TIM Group may be subject to increasing market competition.”
The TIM Group may be adversely affected by the potential legal, economic and reputational impact 
of the implementation of Artificial Intelligence solutions.
The market for services related to Artificial Intelligence (AI) is rapidly expanding. TIM, positioning 
itself alongside businesses and Public Administration (Pubblica Amministrazione) as a facilitator of the 
country's digital transformation, has established a technology hub in Turin to develop and experiment 
with further AI solutions. TIM adopts an ethical and responsible approach to manage the new risks 
associated with integrating AI into business processes, such as:

compliance with law and regulation (e.g., the European regulation on artificial intelligence – 
EU AI Act);

the quality of data (big data and data analytics); and 

the technological infrastructure and its interoperability with the systems.
To tackle this challenge, TIM is managing the risks associated with the use of AI solutions and systems, 
such as:

non-compliance with laws and regulations;

breach of data privacy and security;

discrimination against individuals or people (equal treatment of groups of people);

distortion effects produced by AI systems; 

sustainability of investments; and

cyber security.

--- Page 35 ---
35
The potential effects associated with the identified risk factors could have a significant economic, legal, 
and reputational impact on TIM. To mitigate this possible impact, TIM has chosen to adopt a centralised 
governance approach by establishing a multifunctional team that brings together cross-disciplinary 
expertise.
The TIM Group’s business may be adversely affected if it fails to successfully implement its 
ultrabroadband mobile access network strategy.
One of the TIM Group’s goals is to accelerate the roll out of a new telecommunications network capable of 
providing customers with ultrabroadband connections, also thanks to the use of public funds linked to the 
NRRP in the regions where the TIM Group has won the tender.
However, the implementation of ultrabroadband technologies is dependent on a number of factors, 
including:

delays in receiving the necessary permissions and authorisations for the installation of lines;

delay in the supply of material and devices due to possible supply chain shocks; and

increases in the transport, raw materials and labour costs of network companies due to inflationary 
pressures and increases in energy costs (see “—Risks related to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Affecting the TIM Group”).
If the TIM Group fails to achieve its objectives for the implementation of ultrabroadband coverage 
promptly, or at all, the TIM Group may lose market share to its competitors in this strategically 
important segment, which may adversely impact the TIM Group’s operating results and financial 
position.
Delays in NRRP tenders or in completing roll outs are subject to predetermined penalties, which can be 
significant and could result in the overall revocation of the awarded grant.
The TIM Group’s business depends on upgrading its existing networks.
The TIM Group must continue to maintain, improve and upgrade its existing mobile networks in Italy and 
Brazil, in a timely and satisfactory manner to retain and expand its customer base in each of its markets. A 
reliable and high-quality network is necessary to manage turnover by sustaining its customer base, 
maintaining strong customer brands and reputation and satisfying regulatory requirements, including 
minimum service requirements. The maintenance and improvement of the TIM Group’s existing networks 
depends on its ability to:

implement its network development plans with the required level of effectiveness/efficiency and 
within the timelines set by its business development plans;

upgrade the functionality of its networks to offer increasingly customized services to its 
customers;

increase the geographic coverage of its innovative services;

maintain the required level of investment over the long term;

expand and optimize customer service, network management and administrative systems;

--- Page 36 ---
36

expand the capacity of its existing mobile networks to cope with increased bandwidth usage; and

upgrade older systems and networks to adapt them to new technologies and enhance architecture.
In addition, due to rapid changes in the telecommunications industry, the TIM Group’s network investments 
may prove to be inadequate or may be superseded by new technological changes. Its network investments 
may also be limited by market uptake and customer acceptance. If the TIM Group fails to make adequate 
capital expenditures or investments, or to properly and efficiently allocate such expenditures or investments, 
the performance of its networks could suffer, resulting in lower customer satisfaction, diminution of brand 
strength and increased turnover.
Many of these factors are not entirely under the TIM Group’s control and may be affected by, among 
other things, applicable regulation. If the TIM Group fails to maintain, improve or upgrade its networks, 
its services and products may be less attractive to new customers and it may lose existing customers to 
competitors.
The TIM Group’s capital expenditures may not generate a positive return. 
The businesses in which the TIM Group operates, even after the completion of the NetCo Transactions, are 
capital intensive. See “—The TIM Group’s business depends on upgrading its existing networks.” Significant 
capital expenditures are required to add customers to its networks, including expenditures for equipment and 
labour costs as well as for the acquisition and extension of various operating licences. The TIM Group 
employs a proactive capital expenditure strategy aimed at supporting its business as a telecommunications 
operator (e.g., rolling out mobile networks and purchasing spectrum in the markets) and establishing its 
commercial presence (through physical stores). The TIM Group’s strategy is also designed to enhance its 
subscriber relations (by communicating through all media including video calls and virtual assistance) and to 
develop new products and services. However, it cannot be assured that the TIM Group’s future upgrades will 
generate a positive return or that the TIM Group will have adequate capital available or be able to access debt 
financing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, to finance such future upgrades. Mobile network rollouts 
in Italy and Brazil remain the TIM Group’s largest priority. If the TIM Group is unable to, or elects not to, pay 
for costs associated with expanding or upgrading its mobile network or making other planned or unplanned 
capital expenditures, this could have a material adverse on the TIM Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. The TIM Group has based its estimates on assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate, 
and it could use its capital resources sooner than it currently expects, or its business plan may change as a result 
of a number of factors currently unknown to it.
The TIM Group’s business may be affected by an unpredictable instant increase in traffic.
Unpredictable instant and massive increases in traffic due to, for example, live video events broadcast 
over the IP network from an OTT and/or a communications service provider (CSP) could materially 
affect the TIM Group’s overall mobile network performance, causing slowdowns or momentary 
blockages of communications with consequences on reputation and customer satisfaction.
System and network failures could result in reduced user traffic and reduced revenue and could 
harm the TIM Group’s reputation.

--- Page 37 ---
37
The TIM Group’s success largely depends on the continued and uninterrupted performance of its IT, network 
systems and of certain hardware and data centres that it manages for its clients. In addition, the TIM Group’s 
operations involve daily processing and storage of large amounts of customer data and require uninterrupted, 
accurate, permanently available, real-time and safe transmission and storage of customer and other data in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
The TIM Group’s technical infrastructure, including its network infrastructure for mobile 
telecommunications services, and the assets managed on behalf of clients, are vulnerable to damage or 
interruption from technology failures, power loss, floods, windstorms, heatwaves, fires, terrorism, 
intentional wrongdoing, human error and similar events. Unanticipated problems at the TIM Group’s 
facilities, system failures, hardware and software failures, computer viruses and cyber-attacks (including 
information theft, data corruption, operational disruption or financial loss associated with the foregoing) and 
data leakage, as well as terrorist attacks against its infrastructure could affect the quality of its services and 
cause service interruptions. Any of these occurrences could result in reduced user traffic and reduced revenue 
and could negatively affect the TIM Group’s levels of customer satisfaction, reduce its customer base and 
harm its reputation.
The TIM Group has implemented processes of vulnerability analysis, development of technical protection 
solutions, optimisation of capital allocation on technical investments and partial financial transfer of risk to the 
insurance market in order to seek to address the risks described above but there can be no assurance such 
measures will be sufficient.
TIM has adopted a Business Continuity Management System (BCMS) framework, in line with international 
standards, to analyse and prevent the aforementioned threats and considers business continuity a fundamental 
element for safeguarding the value and reputation of the TIM Group, ensuring service delivery, and fully 
complying with customer contracts, industry regulations, and, more generally, reference methodologies and 
best practices.
Additionally, TIM has implemented an insurance program covering business interruption risks concerning the 
activities carried out in the TIM Group's Data Centres.
National Cyber Security Perimeter (NCSP – Perimetro di Sicurezza Cibernetica Nazionale)
Within the framework of National Security regulations, the Italian Golden Power Legislation has been 
supplemented by the National Cybersecurity Perimeter (NCSP) regulation, established by Law No. 
133/2019, converting Law Decree No. 105/2019.
The regulatory framework is based on three elements, governed by subsequent implementing decrees, which 
constitute obligations for TIM as a strategic operator: the implementation of security measures aimed at 
ensuring high levels of security for ICT assets, the secure assignment of ICT supplies, and the notification 
of security incidents.
Compliance with the obligations imposed by the NCSP legislation impacts TIM in terms of organisation and 
operational processes, the legislation being aimed at ensuring a high level of security for the networks, 
information systems, and IT services of public administrations, bodies, and public and private operators with

--- Page 38 ---
38
a base in Italy. This takes into account that these elements underpin the provision of an essential service for 
maintaining civil, social, or economic activities vital to the interests of the State, and their malfunction, 
interruption, even if partial, or improper use could harm national security.
TIM’s failure to comply with the regulatory obligations under the NCSP results in administrative penalties 
of up to 1.8 million euros. Furthermore, the use of products and services without the required notifications 
to the relevant authorities, or failing testing or violating established conditions, may lead to the imposition 
of the supplementary administrative penalty of disqualification from assuming positions of management, 
administration, and control in legal entities and businesses, for a period of three years from the date of 
determination of the violation. Lastly, providing false information, data, or elements to hinder or influence 
the conduct of procedures or inspection and surveillance activities is punishable by imprisonment from one 
to three years.
The TIM Group’s businesses are subject to cybersecurity risks.
Cybersecurity risks are among the most relevant risks for the TIM Group due to the central role of IT in its 
operations.
Despite efforts to modernize its network and replace outdated systems, the TIM Group’s networks and 
systems are vulnerable to security threats, including cyber-attacks from internal and external sources. The 
cyber security attacks may be committed by third parties operating in any region, including jurisdictions where 
law enforcement measures to address such attacks are unavailable or ineffective. These attacks can disrupt 
service availability and compromise data, posing a significant risk to the TIM Group’s reputation as a provider 
of critical national infrastructure as well as generating financial losses, market share reduction, and regulatory 
penalties. The TIM Group works to prevent and limit the impact of cyber-attacks, but an absolute protection 
cannot be guaranteed. The TIM Group or its third-party providers and other contractors cannot ensure that 
they will be successful in protecting customers’ personal data and other data that is stored on the TIM Group 
system and their systems, and this poses a significant threat to the TIM Group’s reputation.
To address these risks, the TIM Group must continue to identify and address technical vulnerabilities and 
weaknesses in its processes and enhance its ability to detect and respond to incidents. This includes 
strengthening security in the supply chain and ensuring the security of cloud services. The TIM Group has 
adopted ISO 27001 standard best practices, which was certified in November 2022. The TIM Group has 
also strengthened security measures relating to remote access and teleworking in response to the COVID-
19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Particular emphasis has been placed on protecting systems 
from major threats (e.g., viruses, malware, data theft). With regards to the wide range of attackers (Cyber-
Criminals, Cyber-Terrorists, Insiders, etc.), the TIM Group conducts its activities not only to safeguard its 
own infrastructures but also, in a spirit of strong responsibility, to protect the informational assets of its 
clients and the essential services that are a priority target for the company and the national system.
Moreover, in order to prevent any impact and in line with the provisions of the National Cyber Security 
Perimeter (NCSP – Perimetro di Sicurezza Cibernetica Nazionale), the TIM Group was requested by the 
Computer Security Incident Response Team (a structure set up at the Agenzia per la Cyber Sicurezza 
Nazionale, which among other things, issues early warnings, cyber bulletins and disseminates information 
to interested parties regarding cyber risks) to raise the level of attention, adopting as a priority some 
mitigation actions including:

--- Page 39 ---
39

verification of the consistency and offline availability of the backups necessary for the recovery 
of the core business services in particular;

increase in monitoring and logging activities;

creation, updating, maintenance and periodic exercise of incident response capabilities, 
business continuity and resilience plans;

availability of key personnel;

particular attention to cloud environments;

prioritisation of patching activities;

monitoring of service and administration accounts for anomalous activity;

network traffic monitoring to analyse anomalous peaks; and

increasing the ability to protect e-mail infrastructures against spear-phishing activities.
As to the prevention phase, the TIM Group oversees cyber risk analyses by defining security plans for 
the company's IT assets, aiming to identify in advance the necessary actions to mitigate cyber risk and 
ensure the adoption of a security-by-design approach. This includes monitoring the plans for said 
actions and verifying their effective application in the field.
The TIM Group has also established advanced testing laboratories to assess the security level of devices 
and systems before they are operational and isolated environments dedicated to identifying possible 
vulnerabilities in the hardware and software products employed.
In terms of identifying and responding to cyber-attacks, the Security Operation Center (SOC) operates 
24/7 throughout the year to manage cybersecurity incidents and help contain their impact. Additionally, 
to partially mitigate the potential economic and financial impact arising from cyber-attacks, the TIM 
Group has structured a specific risk-transfer policy through dedicated insurance coverage.
For understanding and preventing cyber threats, TIM has a dedicated Cyber Threat Intelligence unit 
that acquires, processes, and utilises data and information from multiple external sources (public, 
private, institutional, and from the deep and dark web) to enhance its capacity for timely identification 
and counteraction of emerging threats, as well as to outline evolving risk and threat scenarios.
In this context, information exchanges and collaboration with the National Cybersecurity Agency 
(ACN) and other institutions (e.g., the National Centre for Cybercrime and the Protection of Critical 
Infrastructure - CNAIPIC) are included.
The TIM Group continues to act in coordination with the ACN, and particularly given the geopolitical 
context and the evolution of information exchanges at the European and NATO level, it has heightened 
the alert level concerning cyber risk.
Furthermore, in order to partially mitigate any economic-financial impact deriving from cyber-attacks, 
the TIM Group has structured a specific financial risk transfer policy through dedicated insurance 
coverage.
The inability to operate the TIM Group networks and systems as a result of cyber-attacks, even for a limited 
period of time, may result in significant expense and a loss of market share to other communications

--- Page 40 ---
40
providers. The costs associated with a major cyber-attack could include expensive incentives offered to 
existing customers and business partners to retain their business, increased expenditures on cyber-security 
measures and the use of alternate resources, lost revenues from business interruption and litigation. A major 
security incident or business interruption, or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations (including 
those establishing the NCSP) could result in financial loss, reputational damage, market share loss and 
regulatory sanctions. Further, as cyber-attacks continue to evolve, and also in light of any further obligation 
imposed on the TIM Group as a result of its inclusion in the NCSP, the TIM Group may incur significant 
costs in the attempt to modify or enhance the TIM Group’s protective measures or to investigate or remediate 
any vulnerability. Any loss of confidential or proprietary data through a breach could have a material adverse 
effect on the TIM Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Pursuant to the 
applicable data protection regulations, if a significant or widely publicized unlawful disclosure of employee 
or customer data were to occur, whether as a result of a failure of the TIM Group’s information technology 
security systems, employee negligence or the actions of its vendors, the TIM Group may be subject to legal 
claims by individuals, fines or other enforcement action. See “—The TIM Group’s activities could be 
materially negatively affected by failure to comply with GDPR and Italian Privacy Code.” 
Future partnerships or joint ventures that the TIM Group enters into may not bring the expected 
financial results and could cause harm to its image as well as incur financial costs.
The TIM Group may enter into relationships with other businesses in order to expand the TIM Group’s 
platform, which could involve preferred or exclusive licences, additional channels of distribution, or discount 
pricing or investments in other companies. Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult 
and expensive, and the TIM Group’s ability to close these transactions may be subject to third-party 
approvals, such as government regulatory approvals, which are beyond its control. Consequently, the TIM 
Group can make no assurance that these transactions, once undertaken and/or announced, will close.
Furthermore, the TIM Group’s established partnerships are subject to common litigation risks and the TIM 
Group can make no assurance that these established partnerships or future partnerships will not become 
involved in any type of dispute. The TIM Group may also be required to initiate litigation to protect its 
interests.
The TIM Group has entered and may enter into strategic transactions, such as acquisitions, 
investments or dispositions, involving unforeseen risks, and it may not realise the financial and 
strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction and, additionally, there are risks 
associated with the integration of any acquisitions.
As part of the TIM Group’s business strategy, it pursues strategic and opportunistic acquisitions, investments 
and dispositions, including the NetCo Transactions, any of which could be material to its financial condition 
or results of operations. The TIM Group cannot guarantee that it will be able to continue making such 
acquisitions, investments and dispositions and its ability to enter into these transactions may be limited by 
many factors, including the availability of financing, complex ownership structures among potential targets 
and government regulation and competition from other potential acquirers. In addition, if the purchase price 
is paid in cash, this will reduce the TIM Group’s cash reserves. Further, the TIM Group’s debt burden may 
increase if it borrows funds to finance any future acquisition or investments, which could have a negative 
impact on its cash flows and its ability to finance its overall operations and make cash interest payments on

--- Page 41 ---
41
its outstanding indebtedness. Even if the TIM Group is successful in acquiring new businesses or disposing 
existing business, the integration of such businesses may prove to be more difficult than it initially anticipated 
and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The TIM Group cannot ensure that any 
benefits will materialise, and it may suffer losses in connection with the used funds and to the opportunity 
costs related to such transactions.
Additionally, acquisitions and investments pose certain risks, such as (i) identifying acquisition, partnership 
and joint venture targets, competition from competitors targeting the same acquisition or investment, 
difficulties or delays in consolidating operations and achieving anticipated synergies, cost savings, revenues 
and cash flow enhancements, growth, operational efficiencies and other benefits; (ii) diversion of managerial 
resources away from its day-to-day business operations; (iii) potentially dilutive issuances of equity 
securities to the extent that it issues new shares to fund an acquisition and (iv) the assumption of unexpected 
liabilities and undisclosed risks.
Furthermore, certain contracts of the TIM Group contain “change of control” provisions that require the 
acquired or acquiring company to notify the counterparty of a potential change of control, or contain 
language that could be interpreted as allowing, subject to certain conditions, the counterparty to terminate 
the contract. If a substantial number of these contracts are or will be terminated as a result of a potential 
acquisition or disposition, the TIM Group may be forced to enter into new contracts on less favourable terms, 
or it may be unable to secure replacements. While the TIM Group strives to mitigate unexpected liabilities 
and risks through contractual protections in its acquisition and disposition documentation, it cannot ensure 
that such protections will be effective. If the TIM Group enters into an acquisition or disposition agreement, 
but the acquisition or disposition is not consummated, the TIM Group may be liable for break-up fees or 
other payments, which may be material.
Goodwill impairments may be required in relation to acquired businesses. 
The TIM Group has recorded a significant amount of goodwill. As of 31 December 2024, its total goodwill, 
which represents the excess of the cost of acquisitions over interest in the net fair value of the assets acquired 
and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed, amounted to €11,030 million, representing 29.29% of its total 
assets. Additionally, the TIM Group has made business acquisitions in the past and may make further 
acquisitions in the future. See “—The TIM Group has entered and may enter into strategic transactions, 
such as acquisitions, investments or dispositions, involving unforeseen risks, and it may not realise the 
financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction and, additionally, there 
are risks associated with the integration of any acquisitions.” It is possible that the goodwill which has been 
attributed, or may be attributed, to these businesses may have to be written down if the valuation assumptions 
are required to be reassessed as a result of any deterioration in the underlying profitability, asset quality and 
other relevant matters of the businesses. According to the relevant IFRS accounting standard, impairment 
testing in respect of goodwill is performed annually, or more frequently if there are impairment indicators 
present, and comprises a comparison of the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit with its recoverable 
amount. Accordingly, there can be no assurances that the TIM Group will not have to write down the value 
attributed to goodwill in the future, which would adversely affect its results and net assets.

--- Page 42 ---
42
The TIM Group is dependent on intellectual property rights, particularly trademarks, logos and 
domain names, and inadequate protection of its intellectual property rights, or intellectual property 
rights litigation, could adversely affect its business.
The TIM Group relies on its trade names, trademarks, logos, domain names, copyrights, patents and trade 
secrets, as well as licences and other agreements with its vendors and other parties, to use its technologies, 
conduct its operations and sell its products and services. The TIM Group relies upon a combination of 
copyright, trademark and patent laws to establish and protect its intellectual property rights, but it cannot be 
guaranteed that the actions the TIM Group has taken or will take in the future will be adequate to prevent 
violation of its proprietary rights. The TIM Group cannot ensure that measures taken in Italy, Brazil or 
elsewhere to protect its intellectual property rights, particularly its trademarks, logos and domain names, will 
be effective or that third parties will not infringe or misappropriate its intellectual property rights. There can 
be no assurance that litigation will not be necessary to enforce its trademark or proprietary rights, such 
litigation may be costly, and could ultimately be unsuccessful in enforcing its intellectual property rights. 
Any of these factors could have a material impact on the TIM Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations
The TIM Group operates in an industry characterised by frequent disputes over intellectual property. Its 
competitors may engage in hostile intellectual property action. Given the evolving high-tech nature of its 
business, the TIM Group has set up mechanisms to comply with all intellectual property laws to which it is 
subject, but there can be no assurance that the TIM Group is not infringing, or will not infringe, the 
intellectual property rights of third parties. As the number of convergent product offerings and overlapping 
product functions increase, the possibility of intellectual property infringement claims against it may 
correspondingly increase. Any such claims or lawsuits, whether with or without merit, could be expensive 
and time consuming to defend, could cause the TIM Group to cease offering its licensing services and 
products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property, or could require it to develop non-infringing 
products or services, if feasible, which could divert the attention and resources of technical and management 
personnel as well as substantial capital resources. In addition, it cannot be guaranteed that the TIM Group 
will prevail in any litigation related to infringement claims against it. A successful claim for infringement 
against the TIM Group could result in a requirement to pay significant damages, cease the development or 
sale of certain products and services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property, the obtaining of 
licences from the holders of such intellectual property, which may not be available on commercially 
reasonable terms, or otherwise the redesign of those products to avoid infringing upon others’ intellectual 
property rights.
The complexity of the TIM Group’s governance structure could influence, delay or hinder strategic 
and management decisions.
The TIM Group’s governance structure is complex, in part due to the large diffusion of its shareholding which 
is subject to continuous change (see: “Description of the Issuer” for further information on the shareholdings 
of TIM). As a result of this complexity, it is possible that the TIM Group’s strategic and management decisions 
could be influenced, challenged, delayed or hindered, which may adversely affect its operating results and 
financial condition. See “Litigation” for further information.

--- Page 43 ---
43
Failure to meet stakeholders’ Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) expectations as well as 
increasing ESG regulatory requirements, may lead to reputational loss, loss of business or limit 
access to sustainable finance as well as to the imposition of fines and other regulatory constraints. 
Operational and financial costs and cost of capital associated with enhancing ESG performance may 
be significant.
The TIM Group is subject to increasing requirements and expectations from its stakeholders to manage 
ESG impacts and risks and effectively takes into account the interests and opinions of relevant 
stakeholders in order to guarantee long-term value. One important and structured moment of 
engagement is the double materiality process in order to assess the extent of potentially material 
impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs). The results that emerged are used to direct corporate strategy.
TIM attaches strategic priority to risks related to sustainability, integrating them into overall risk 
management processes. The process of identifying, assessing and managing sustainability-related risks 
is integrated into TIM’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework, enabling a unified view of 
business risks, and ensuring consistency with TIM’s business plan objectives.
The sale of the network to FiberCop has led to a reduction in the total emissions impact for the TIM 
Group and a redistribution of the type of emissions produced. More specifically: on one hand, the 
downsizing of civil and industrial infrastructure has reduced emissions relating to production activities 
(Scope 1) and energy purchase (Scope 2), resulting in lower exposure of the TIM Group to the volatility 
of energy prices. On the other hand, the increase in emissions associated with production activities in 
the supply chain (fixed network wholesale services, management services for industrial and civil 
buildings, energy) requires a greater commitment from the TIM Group to guide suppliers' 
decarbonisation actions to prevent the risk of not meeting climate commitments, with repercussions for 
the company's reputation and access to sustainable finance.
The TIM Group has set itself the goal of becoming carbon-neutral by 2030 (Scope 1+2), also due to a 
commitment to purchase 100% renewable energy by 2025.
Furthermore, the TIM Group has committed to achieve net zero emissions by 2040 and to reach a 47% 
reduction in the emissions of its value chain (Scope 3) relating to the purchase of goods and services, the 
purchase of capital goods and the use of products sold to customers.
TIM’s new internal organization and the consequential importance of improving management of the 
supply chain in order to address environmental impact is confirmed by the recent double materiality 
analysis which identifies how “the inability to effectively involve suppliers in the reduction of emissions 
can cause the failure to achieve the climate objectives, with an impact on economic and financial results 
as well as reputational damage”.
Extreme weather events due to climate change can create discontinuity in business activities, damage 
infrastructure and consequently affect the company's economic and financial flows.
The worsening of climate change increases the likelihood and severity of extreme weather events such as heat 
waves, floods and windstorms which may cause severe disruption to telecommunications and ICT services, 
reduce work efficiency (hours actually worked) and have a consequential impact on the TIM Group’s business. 
More extreme weather may also drive the need for additional investments in cooling technology and other

--- Page 44 ---
44
more resilient infrastructure; the risk that external environmental conditions can pose for business continuity 
could increase the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). 
Regulatory changes to energy and environmental policies may increase energy prices, affect the profitability 
of energy efficiency actions and the use of renewable sources, and cause a variation in the availability of 
renewable energy certificates, and/or the potential introduction of a carbon tax.
Compliance with such requirements may lead to increased operational and financial costs and in the cost of 
capital for the TIM Group.
In the area of cybersecurity, cyber-attacks and sabotage of physical infrastructure can disrupt the business 
continuity of services, worsening economic and financial performance and damaging the reputation of the 
Company. 
Regarding privacy issues, unauthorized access to the personal data of customers or employees can result in 
legal liability, regulatory sanctions, economic and financial damage and reputational damage. 
From the point of view of the Group’s governance, regulations and business conduct is constantly monitored, 
and possible corrective actions to address risks and negative impacts -generally attributable to issues related to 
compliance and business ethics- are identified in order to limit the likelihood of legal liability and financial 
sanctions, as well as reputational damage.
The market for services associated with Artificial Intelligence (AI) is developing rapidly, and TIM is 
particularly focused on taking an ethical and responsible approach to managing the new risks of integrating AI 
into business processes. Failure to adapt to regulatory developments in the use of generative AI can cause 
reputational damage and sanctions and can harm the economic sustainability of the company.
Failure to close the digital divide may adversely affect the TIM Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations.
Failure to meet coverage targets and failure to technologically transform legacy infrastructure and 
platforms can limit the provision of high-speed connectivity, reduce the quality of the service provided 
with consequences for customer experience, economic flows and corporate reputation. Furthermore, 
failure to implement digital inclusion actions aimed at the accessibility and continuity of the services 
offered may result in customer dissatisfaction, potential sanctions and economic and financial losses.
The TIM Group is highly committed to promoting digital inclusion and has engaged in, among other 
things, NRRP tenders, such as those for connected schools and digital health or the National Strategic 
Hub (Polo Strategico Nazionale) project aimed at strengthening the digitalisation of the Italian public 
administration services.
The TIM Group also focuses on digital identity services in Italy: there are more than five million active 
services between the certified e-mail address (PEC) and Digital Signature and Public Digital Identity 
System (SPID) to allow citizens and businesses to access public administrations’ online services.
Any changes in the TIM Group’s directorship and/or senior management could adversely affect the 
TIM Group’s business.

--- Page 45 ---
45
The TIM Group may face difficulties in realising its strategic goals, such as executing its 2025-2027 
Industrial Plan. Maintaining consistent top management may ease the execution of its Industrial Plan 
however, any changes in the TIM Group’s top management could disrupt this continuity, potentially leading 
to delays, interruptions or deviations in the execution of the TIM Group’s strategic plans.
There can be no assurance that the Board will not face (i) hardships in executing the TIM Group’s strategic 
plan and its various objectives and/or (ii) difficulties in operating the TIM Group’s business. The Board may 
be unable to effectively direct the new business or navigate through the goals and objectives of the 2025-2027 
Industrial Plan. If the Board fails to implement or deviates from any aspect of the TIM Group’s strategic plan, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the TIM Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows. Currently, the risk is mitigated by the current stability of the Board, which has confirmed for a 
second term the current CEO.
Failure to recruit, retain and engage skilled employees may adversely affect the achievement of 
strategic objectives.
The ability to attract and retain qualified, skilled and motivated staff is a key factor in ensuring the 
pursuit of strategic objectives while ensuring high levels of service and customer satisfaction. The 
Group's new organizational structure, which saw a reduction in the number of employees in 2024, 
confirms the focus on equal opportunity and inclusion issues to reduce the risk of gender inequality in 
terms of pay, positions of responsibility and career paths with consequences on talent attraction and 
retention. 
2.
Risks related to macroeconomic conditions affecting the TIM Group
The TIM Group operates in multiple jurisdictions and is exposed to a variety of macroeconomic 
factors, which may impact its operating results and financial position.
The TIM Group’s international presence enables the diversification of its activities across various countries, 
but it also exposes the TIM Group to diverse legislation, as well as to the political developments and 
economic environments of the countries in which it operates. Any adverse developments in this regard, 
particularly in the key markets in which the TIM Group operates (Italy and Brazil) including exchange rate 
or sovereign-risk fluctuations, as well as growing geopolitical tensions, may adversely affect the TIM 
Group’s operating results and financial condition and/or may hinder the TIM Group’s cost saving objectives 
set out in the TIM Group’s strategic plan.
The latest data released by the National Institute for Statistics (Istituto Nazionale di Statistica - ISTAT) in 
December 2024 indicate a slowdown in the Italian economy in 2024 compared to the expectations set at the 
beginning of the year. This slowdown also affects the growth forecasts for 2025. The scenario outlined by 
the Bank of Italy, consistent with that of ISTAT, anticipates an average growth of +1% over the forecast 
period 2025-2027. In both scenarios, next year's growth is supported by domestic demand, which is 
improving due to the reduction in unemployment rates. However, the prospects for external demand are 
clouded by uncertainty regarding trade policies that may shape the decisions of the new U.S. administration 
and developments in the geopolitical landscape.

--- Page 46 ---
46
Energy prices continue being a closely monitored variable. The recent increase in gas prices, due to the 
consequences of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict, could impact inflation and consumption, leading to a 
deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook and affecting business conditions.
Compared to previous evaluations, the Central Bank of Brazil released an update in December 2024 revising 
upwards the GDP growth estimates for 2024, reflecting an improvement in the services sector that offsets 
the decline in estimates for agriculture and industry. The GDP projections for 2025 stand at +2.1%, driven 
mainly by the expected increase in household consumption.
Inflation in 2024 is expected to increase compared to previous estimates, exceeding both the set target and 
last year's value. Inflation prospects for 2025 have also risen compared to the previous forecast. Despite the 
approval of the package of measures to reduce public spending and interest rate hikes to contain inflation, 
the potential introduction of tariffs by the new U.S. administration and a general distrust of Brazilian fiscal 
policies could delay the stabilisation of the exchange rate, which, during 2024, has shown high volatility and 
a significant devaluation against the euro.
Fluctuations in currency exchange and interest rates and the performance of, or any adverse 
changes in, the financial markets in general may adversely affect the TIM Group’s results.
In the past, the TIM Group has made substantial international investments, particularly in Latin 
America, significantly expanding its operations outside of the Eurozone.
The TIM Group generally hedges its foreign exchange exposure but does not cover conversion risk relating to 
its foreign subsidiaries. According to its policies, the hedging of the foreign exchange exposure relating to 
financial liabilities is mandatory. Movements in the euro exchange rates relative to other currencies 
(particularly the BRL) may adversely affect its consolidated results. A rise in the value of the Euro relative to 
other currencies in certain countries in which the TIM Group operates or has made investments will reduce the 
relative value of the revenues or assets of its operations from those countries and, therefore, may adversely 
affect its operating results and financial position.
In addition, the TIM Group has raised, and may raise an increasing proportion, financing in currencies other 
than the Euro (principally U.S. dollars and BRL). In accordance with its risk management policies, the TIM 
Group generally hedges the foreign currency risk exposure relating to non-Euro denominated liabilities, 
through cross-currency and interest rate swaps. However, hedging instruments may not be successful in 
protecting the TIM Group effectively from adverse exchange rate movements.
The TIM Group aims to minimize the impact of negative interest, in part by hedging its exposure to 
negative interest through the use of derivatives instruments. Any changes in interest rates that have not 
been adequately hedged by derivatives contracts may result in increased financial liabilities in 
connection with the TIM Group’s floating rate debt, which may have adverse effects on the results of 
its operations and cash flows.
An increase of sovereign spreads, and of the default risk they reflect, in the countries where the TIM 
Group operates, may affect the value of its assets in such countries.

--- Page 47 ---
47
The TIM Group may also be exposed to financial risks such as those related to the performance of the equity 
markets in general, and, more specifically, risks related to the performance of the share price of the TIM 
Group companies. 
The TIM Group may be exposed to financial risks, such as those deriving from fluctuations in interest and 
exchange rates, credit risk, liquidity risk and general risks associated with the financial markets that it is 
exposed to and, more specifically, risks associated with deviations in the stock price of the TIM Group’s 
subsidiaries. Such risks can have a negative impact on the financial results and structure of the TIM Group. 
Therefore, to manage such risks, the TIM Group has established, at a centralised level, guidelines that 
instruct operational management, the identification of the most suitable financial instruments to meet 
the set objectives and monitoring of the results achieved. 
Financial markets may also suffer from adverse macroeconomic conditions. During 2021 and 2022, 
uncertainty surrounding global growth rates, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russian-Ukraine 
military conflict have affected companies’ access to the credit markets, leading to higher borrowing costs for 
funding ongoing operations. While the TIM Group may prove to be successful in accessing the credit and 
fixed income markets when needed, adverse changes in the financial markets could render it able to access 
these markets only at higher interest costs and with restrictive financial or other conditions, severely affecting 
its business operations. Additionally, downgrades in its credit rating by the major credit rating agencies could 
increase its cost of borrowing and also impact the collateral the TIM Group would be required to post under 
certain agreements it enters, which could negatively impact its liquidity.
Therefore, in order to manage such risks, the TIM Group has established guidelines for operational 
management, identification of the financial instruments most suitable to meet the objectives set and a 
monitoring of the results achieved. In particular, and in order to mitigate liquidity risks, the TIM Group aims 
to maintain an “adequate level of financial flexibility,” in terms of cash and committed syndicated credit lines 
in order to cover its financing needs for 12-18 months, at a minimum.
Any significant increase in interest rates could therefore lead to an increase in the TIM Group’s debt 
service expenses, which would have a material adverse effect on the TIM Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.
Global economic conditions and political events could adversely affect the TIM Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.
The TIM Group’s operations are influenced by global geopolitical events, including the ongoing Russia-
Ukraine conflict and the more recent Israel-Palestine conflict. These situations have indirect yet tangible 
effects on the TIM Group’s business, primarily through increased costs in energy, raw materials and 
transportation.
At the moment the impact of the geopolitical situation on the TIM Group’s business is of an indirect nature, 
primarily associated with the increase in costs for energy, materials and transportation. The reduction in the 
volume of gas from Russia to the European Union due to recent developments in the Russia-Ukraine conflict 
could increase the cost of energy. In this regard, the TIM Group has implemented a hedging programme 
which, in Italy, has allowed for the advance purchase of a large portion of the 2025 needs.

--- Page 48 ---
48
The TIM Group, in coordination with the National Cybersecurity Agency (ACN), has raised the alert level of 
ICT monitoring for cyber security risks has implemented the technical indications from ACN.
The recent Israel-Palestine conflict presents the risk of regional escalation in the Middle East. Although the 
TIM Group does not engage in operations within Middle Eastern countries, the duration, ramifications and 
outcome of this conflict are highly uncertain. Potential short- or long-term consequences may include 
economic sanctions, economic and political instability, rising inflation and energy costs, supply chain 
disruptions and negative impacts on currency exchange rates and financial markets.
The inauguration of the new U.S. administration will lead to a change in the country's foreign policy 
decisions, which could impact both the geopolitical balance and the evolution of international trade, 
potentially affecting imports of advanced technological and digital systems.
More generally, escalating geopolitical tensions, either in Europe or worldwide, could affect the TIM 
Group’s operations, including the safety and security of its employees and the integrity of its network 
operations. There is the possibility that cyber-attacks could affect the TIM Group’s, or its clients’, 
infrastructures and data, and there is an increased likelihood of a supply chain shock that could lead to 
higher inflation in the short and medium term. These events, individually or in the aggregate, could 
materially and adversely affect the TIM Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.
There is a risk that Italy’s economic growth in 2025 will experience a slowdown.
ISTAT data in December attest to a slowdown in the Italian economy in 2024 compared to the 
expectations formulated at the beginning of the year. The national statistics institute revised downwards 
its estimates for the year just ended from +1% to +0.5%, considering the zero growth in GDP in the 
third quarter 2024. The slowdown is also projected on the growth forecasts for 2025 which are now at 
+0.8%.
A significant slowdown in Italy’s economic growth could impact the demand for telecommunications 
products and services in Italy, which could have an adverse effect on the TIM Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.
The inflationary pressure and rising input and borrowing costs may cause a slowdown in Italy’s 
employment rate and ultimately in the TIM Group’s consumers’ demand.
The inflation rate in Italy is under 2% in 2024 and is expected to be 1.5% for 2025. If the inflation rate increases 
to high level this could put pressure on real disposable incomes and weaken purchasing power, negatively 
impacting internal demand. If wages adapt to the new level of prices within a reasonable time lag and price 
pressures ease, private consumption may pick up.
The above factors are affecting the spending capacity of the TIM Group’s consumer and business 
customers, leading to weaker demand, customers being less willing to pay for premium services and an 
increase in the risk of bad debts, which could each result in a reduction in the TIM Group’s revenue 
and/or profit.

--- Page 49 ---
49
Any downturn in economic conditions in Brazil may have an adverse impact on the TIM Group’s 
operations.
The Brazilian economy’s growth is also affected by trends in the global economy. Further, as a consequence 
of a restrictive monetary policy which served to restore credibility and stability to the Brazilian currency and 
to contain inflation, Brazilian GDP grew by +3.4% in 2024, an increase compared to previous assessments 
(+3.2%) while projections for 2025 stand at +2.1%. In relation to the internal components of aggregate demand, 
household consumption (+5.3% compared to the +4.5% previously estimated) and investments (from +5.5% 
to +7.3%) increased.
Worsening market and financial conditions in Brazil could have an adverse impact on the TIM Group’s 
Brazilian operations, which could have a material impact on the TIM Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.
Risks related to Brazilian political conditions may negatively affect the TIM Group’s business.
Political conditions in Brazil may affect the confidence of investors and the public in general, as well 
as the development of the economy. Political crises have affected and continue to affect the confidence 
of investors and the general public, historically resulting in economic deceleration and heightened 
volatility in the prices of securities offered by companies with significant operations in Brazil.
Uncertainties regarding the government’s ability to implement policies and reforms, as well as external 
perception of the Brazilian economy and political environment which may materialise in the future, could 
have a negative impact on the TIM Group’s business. In particular, if the Brazilian government is unable to 
implement any necessary reforms this may lead to diminished confidence in the Brazilian government’s 
budgetary condition and fiscal stance, which could result in downgrades of Brazil’s sovereign foreign credit 
rating by credit rating agencies, negatively impacting Brazil’s economy and leading, in turn, to depreciation 
of the real and/or an increase in inflation and interest rates. Any such developments may have a material 
adverse impact on the TIM Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Uncertainty about the Brazilian government’s implementation of changes in policies, or regulations that 
affect such implementation, may contribute to economic instability in Brazil and increase the volatility of 
securities issued abroad by Brazilian companies, including the TIM Group’s securities.
Any of the above factors may create additional political uncertainty, which could harm the Brazilian 
economy and, consequently, the TIM Group’s business, and could adversely affect its business, results 
of operations, financial condition and the price of its common shares.
Unexpected and uncertain events, such as the emergence of a new pandemic, could significantly 
affect the TIM Group’s operations.
While the peak of the Covid-19 pandemic has passed, the possibility of new pandemic outbreaks due to new 
variants cannot be completely ruled out. This could affect the operations of the TIM Group and could result in 
a decrease in roaming volumes, lower customer growth, an increase in bad debts, negative effects on network 
maintenance and the supply chain, leading to reduced margins, revenues, or delays in cash flows.

--- Page 50 ---
50
The economic and regulatory conditions in the Brazilian telecommunications market could affect on 
the TIM Group’s objectives.
The economic and regulatory environment faced by some relevant telecommunications companies in Brazil, 
such as Sercomtel, a local phone and Internet service provider in the state of Paraná, and Sky, could also be 
expected to encourage the consolidation trend or even the entry of a new competitor in the Brazilian 
telecommunications market. In 2018, via a new resolution, Anatel reduced one of the main regulatory barriers 
to consolidation in the mobile market. Resolution No. 703/2018 changed the spectrum cap regulation by 
increasing the amount of spectrum bandwidth an operator is allowed to retain, depending on frequency range 
and applicable antitrust measures. If such consolidation occurs, it may result in increased competition within 
the telecommunication market. The TIM Group may be unable to adequately respond to pricing pressures 
resulting from consolidation in the market, adversely affecting its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. On 5 November 2020, Anatel Resolution No. 736/2020 amended Resolution No. 703/2018 by 
establishing new maximum limits for the spectrum between 1 GHz and 3 GHz, with the allocation of L Band 
(+90 MHz in the 1.5 GHz band) for SMP. The TIM Group may also consider engaging in merger or acquisition 
activity in response to changes in the competitive environment, which could divert resources away from other 
aspects of the TIM Group’s business. See “—The TIM Group has entered and may enter into strategic 
transactions, such as acquisitions, investments or dispositions, involving unforeseen risks, and it may not 
realise the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction and, additionally, 
there are risks associated with the integration of any acquisitions.”
3.
Risks related to the TIM Group’s legislative and legal framework
The Italian Golden Power Authority has exercised, and may in the future exercise, its special powers 
under the Golden Power Legislation with respect to the TIM Group, including with respect to the 
TIM Group’s ability to enter into strategic transactions.
In Italy, Law Decree No. 21 of 15 March 2012, as converted into Italian law by Law No. 56 of 11 May 
2012, as amended from time to time (together with further implementing decrees) (the Italian Golden 
Power Legislation) provides the Italian Council of Ministries (Presidenza del Consiglio dei Ministri) 
(the Italian Golden Power Authority) with certain special powers over companies of strategic 
importance to the national essential interest. This could, on the one hand, limit TIM’s autonomy in 
conducting its activities within the realm of strategic services. On the other hand, as a strategic operator, 
TIM can provide advantages to its shareholders by making any potential changes in control shares more 
complex, thereby protecting investments and ensuring a higher level of security for strategic assets and 
services. 
In brief, the Presidency of the Council of Ministers, with the measure dated 28 September 2017, 
established that TIM is subject to the obligations under Law Decree No. 21/2012 (known as the Golden 
Power Decree, containing regulations on special powers), as a company that:

engages in “activities of strategic importance for the national defence and security system” (as 
per Article 1 of the Law Decree) and

holds networks and facilities “necessary to ensure the minimum supply and operation of 
essential public services,” as well as assets and relationships “of strategic importance for the 
national interest” in the communications sector (as per Article 2 of the same Law Decree).

--- Page 51 ---
51
In particular, pursuant to the Italian Golden Power Legislation, the Italian Golden Power Authority may, 
among other things, exercise a veto or impose undertakings, conditions and other requirements in certain 
cases, such as:
(i)
the acquisition of certain shareholdings in companies having assets and relationships in sectors 
qualified as strategic, such as, among others, defence and national security, energy, transport, 
communications, financial, healthcare, agri-food, critical technologies and personal data processing 
(the Strategic Companies); and
(ii)
resolutions, acts or transactions concerning Strategic Companies that hold strategic assets, and which 
involve a change in the ownership, control, possession or intended use or purpose of such assets or 
relationships of strategic importance, such as mergers, de-mergers, transfers of assets or business units 
in which such assets are included and the enforcement and, according to a prudential interpretation, the 
granting or extension of securities over (i) the shares, if it concerns a shareholding in a Strategic 
Company meeting or exceeding, as the case may be, the thresholds indicated below or (ii) strategic 
assets.
With reference to the acquisition of shareholdings in Strategic Companies, the Italian Golden Power 
Legislation provides that the following transactions shall be communicated to the Italian Golden Power 
Authority for screening purposes and the possible exercise of the veto right or the imposition of undertakings, 
conditions and/or other requirements:

acquisitions by both EU/EEA (including Italian) and non-EU/EEA natural persons or legal 
entities of shareholdings in Strategic Companies in the defence and national security sectors 
exceeding 3% of the share capital and/or voting rights, and subsequently in the event of 
exceeding the thresholds of 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25% and 50%;

acquisitions, by non-EU/EEA natural persons or legal entities, of a stake representing at least 10% 
of the share capital and/or the voting rights (when the value of the investment is equal to at least 
€1.0 million) of a Strategic Company in any sector covered by the Italian Golden Power Legislation; 
acquisitions that exceed the thresholds of 15%, 20%, 25% and 50% or that in any case result in the 
acquisition of control over the relevant Strategic Company are also subject to the reporting 
obligation; and

acquisitions, by EU/EEA (including Italian) natural persons or legal entities of control over 
Strategic Companies in the energy, transport, communication, water, health, financial and agri-
food sectors.
The Italian Golden Power Legislation provides for specific sanctions to be applied in case of non-compliance 
with its provisions, including, among others, administrative pecuniary sanctions up to two times the value 
of the transaction and in any case not less than 1% (of the company turnover or of the cumulative turnover 
of the companies involved in the relevant transactions) as resulting from the last financial year for which the 
financial statements have been approved. In addition, failure to comply with the Italian Golden Power 
Legislation or with any veto, undertaking, condition and/or other measure imposed by the Italian Golden 
Power Authority may result in the relevant transaction, act or resolution being unwound or declared null and 
void.
On 16 October and 2 November 2017, specific provisions regarding corporate governance and organisation 
were imposed on the TIM Group through two Prime Ministerial Decrees. Among these, the establishment

--- Page 52 ---
52
of a security organisation (the Security Organisation) was imposed, which is responsible for activities 
relevant to national security and involved in all decision-making processes relating to strategic activities and 
the network. This structure provides that the Security Organisation relies on a security officer, who reports 
to a member of the board of directors with exclusive responsibility for security. 
In addition to the above, by Italian Legislative Decree No. 21 of 21 March 2022, converted into law with 
amendments by Italian Law No. 51 of 20 May 2022, the Italian Golden Power Legislation was amended, 
requiring Strategic Companies operating in the telecommunications sector to provide the Italian Golden Power 
Authority in advance with an annual plan of purchases of goods, including in particular technology-intensive 
components, and services relating to the design, implementation, maintenance and management of activities 
regarding broadband communication services based on 5G technology. The said purchases plan is subject to 
the approval of the Italian Golden Power Authority, possibly with the imposition of undertakings, and can be 
updated by the relevant Strategic Company on a quarterly basis, subject to a new application to the Italian 
Golden Power Authority.
Regarding this latter issue, the legislature has renewed its strong focus on the topic of 5G, recognising it as an 
activity of strategic importance for the national defence and security system. The scope has been extended from 
non-EU supplies, as referenced in the previous Law No. 41 of 2019, to any 5G-related supply, regardless of 
the supplier’s geographical origin, and the special powers of the State have been redefined. 
In particular, the Legislative Decree n. 21/2022 introduced an obligation for companies to notify the Presidency 
of the Council of Ministers in advance of an annual plan for purchasing 5G technology goods and services, 
with the possibility of making updates every four months. 
The plan is subject to government approval, which may include the imposition of prescriptions or conditions; 
failure to notify results incurs a penalty for the company of up to 3% of its turnover.
Regarding the annual plans submitted by TIM in July 2022 and May 2023, the Presidency of the Council of 
Ministers exercised the special powers provided by Article 1-bis of the Golden Power Decree by imposing 
specific requirements to protect the essential interests of national defence and security.
The 5G 2024 plan submitted to the Authority in August 2024 was approved without prescriptions on 27 
September 2024.
The Italian Golden Power Authority may veto or impose undertakings, conditions and/or requirements to 
consent to the implementation of any transaction, act or resolution falling within the scope of application of 
the Italian Golden Power legislation. Consequently, following the successful completion of the NetCo 
Transactions, the right of the TIM Group and FiberCop to pursue resolutions, deeds or commercial or 
industrial operations which provide for, among other things, the acquisition or subscription of their shares will 
remain subject to the Italian Golden Power Authority and the Italian Golden Power Legislation. Therefore, 
the TIM Group and FiberCop may not be authorized to undertake such transactions, acts or resolutions in a 
timely manner, without restrictions and/or undertakings which may or may not have a material impact. 
Anatel classified the TIM Group as an economic group with significant market power in some 
markets and are now subject to increased regulation.

--- Page 53 ---
53
In July 2018, Anatel published Resolution No. 694/2018, (or the New PGMC) revising the general plan for 
competition goals (Plano Geral de Metas de Competição) (PGMC 2012). Under the New PGMC, TIM 
Group has been classified as having significant market power in the following relevant markets: (i) mobile 
network; (ii) national roaming; and (iii) high-capacity data transport. Due to such classification, the TIM 
Group is subject to increased regulation under the New PGMC, which could have an adverse effect on its 
business financial condition, results of operations and compliance with regulations. In the Brazil national 
roaming market, the TIM Group must also offer roaming services at regulated rates to other mobile 
providers. 
The TIM Group’s radio frequency (RF), authorisations for the 800 MHz, 900 MHz, 1,800 MHz and 2,100 
MHz bands that it uses to provide PCS services started to expire in September 2007 and are renewable for one 
additional 15-year period, requiring payment at every two-year period equal to 2% of the prior year’s revenue 
net of taxes, by way of investment under the basic and alternative service plans, which are intended to increase 
telecommunications penetration throughout Brazil. Anatel has stated that the revenue on which the 2% 
payment is based should be calculated as including revenues derived from interconnection as well as additional 
facilities and conveniences. As a result, the TIM Group is currently disputing these RF authorisation renewal 
payments both administratively and judicially. Although there are administrative procedures still pending on 
analysis, Anatel has denied the TIM Group’s appeals and issued Precedent No. 13, determining that revenues 
from interconnection as well as additional facilities and conveniences should be considered on the basis of the 
calculation of the price due to the renewal of the spectrum licences. Judicially, the matter is also still under 
dispute. In December 2018, under Judgment No. 706 and No. 707, Anatel approved a new radiofrequency 
revenue segregation methodology to be applied. The application of this new methodology allows the 
segregation of significant market power revenues by the percentage of radiofrequency extended in relation to 
the total of existing radiofrequencies, both expressed in the amount of MHz, and addresses part of the dispute 
about the values to be paid by the TIM Group due in connection with the initial renewal process. After the 
expiration of the second renewal of radiofrequency use rights, there may be new administrative and judicial 
discussions and disputes regarding the applicable calculation methodology and deadlines after the approval of 
Law No. 13,879, of 3 October 2019. The Federal Court of Accounts ruled that such renewal process may be 
subject to a new bidding procedure. However, Anatel has granted the TIM Group and other competitors 
extensions for shorter terms until a decision has been made on how to proceed with the radiofrequency use 
rights.
Finally, both of the above aspects are under revision by Anatel: the Spectrum Use Regulation (RUE), which 
must rely on a “use it or share it” principle to ensure spectrum usage in a secondary basis; in addition to the 
revision of the PGMC Regulation, in order to create a new significant market power for the radio access 
network (RAN) sharing agreements. Anatel is assuming that these initiatives could leverage the competition in 
the mobile market. However, there can be no assurance that the actual outcome of the revision undertaken by 
Anatel and/or the factual implementation of these new regulations may bring the expected results.
The TIM Group operates under authorisations granted by government authorities and has to satisfy 
certain obligations in order to maintain such authorisations.
Many of the TIM Group’s activities require authorisations from governmental authorities both in Italy and 
abroad. These authorisations specify the types of services the operating company holding such authorisation

--- Page 54 ---
54
may provide. The continued existence and terms of the TIM Group’s authorisations are subject to review by 
regulatory authorities and to interpretation, modification or termination by these authorities. In addition, its 
current authorisations to provide networks and services require that the TIM Group satisfies certain 
obligations, including minimum specified quality levels, service and coverage conditions. Failure to comply 
with these obligations could result in the imposition of fines or even in the revocation or forfeiture of the 
authorisation. In addition, the need to meet scheduled deadlines may require it to expend more resources than 
otherwise budgeted for a particular network build-out. If the TIM Group fails to renew any of its licences, 
permits, or authorisations, the TIM Group’s ability to effectively operate relevant businesses may be 
materially and adversely affected. The procedure to obtain licences, permits, and authorisations (and renewals 
thereof) may be complex, lengthy, expensive and may require ongoing compliance with various obligations. 
Moreover, even if the TIM Group obtains the renewal of its licences, permits, and authorisations, the costs 
for obtaining those might be higher than those it expected. Finally, if the TIM Group fails to comply with the 
requirements of the applicable legislation and regulatory framework in general, which are very detailed and 
complex in nature, its authorisations may be suspended or terminated, or significant fines imposed.
Additional authorisations may also be required if the TIM Group expands its services into new product areas, 
and such authorisations may be related to auctions (e.g., in the assignment of spectrum right of use) or 
otherwise prove expensive or require significant cash outlays, or have certain terms and conditions, such as 
requirements related to coverage and pricing, with which the TIM Group may not have previously had to 
comply.
In Brazil, the TIM Group also operates under an authorisation regime and, as a result, it is obliged to maintain 
minimum quality and service standards. In December 2019, Anatel approved the new Telecommunications 
Services Quality Regulation (RQUAL), based on reactive regulation. In this new model, quality is measured 
based on three main indicators – a Service Quality Index, a Perceived Quality Index and User Complaints Index 
– and operators are classified into five categories (A to E). Under this regulation, Anatel may take measures 
according to specific cases, such as consumer compensation, adoption of an action plan or adoption of 
preventive measures to ensure improvements in quality standards, generating a risk of impact on planned 
investment volumes, expected revenues and potential penalties. Following a joint effort by Anatel, operators, 
and the Quality Assurance Support Authority to define the objectives, criteria and reference values of the 
indicators by the end of November 2021, Anatel’s board of directors formalised the reference documents 
supporting this regulation: the Operational Manual and the Reference Values; and established the entry into 
operational effectiveness on 1 March 2022. 
The TIM Group’s activities could be materially negatively affected by failure to comply with GDPR 
and Italian Privacy Code.
In the ordinary course of business, the TIM Group processes personal data on customers, business partners, 
employees, users, third parties and others and therefore it must comply with strict data protection and privacy 
laws and regulations. Any processing of personal data of individuals located in the EEA in the course of the 
provision of services is governed by European data protection laws and regulations, which restrict its ability to 
collect, process and use personal data relating to customers, potential customers, business partners, and 
employees, including for marketing purposes.

--- Page 55 ---
55
Such laws and regulations concern the collection, use, retention, security, processing and transfer of personal 
data. In particular, starting from 25 May 2018, the TIM Group’s operations are subject to the provisions of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (GDPR) and to the Italian Legislative Decree No. 196/2003, as 
amended by Italian Legislative Decree No. 101/2018, which adapted Italian rules to GDPR (Italian Privacy 
Code). The GDPR increased both the number and the restrictive nature of the obligations binding the TIM 
Group, in particular with respect to the collection, processing and use of personal data. Such obligations include, 
for example, (i) the processing of personal data in accordance with the transparency, data minimisation, 
accuracy, storage limitation, security and confidentiality principles, (ii) the ability to demonstrate compliance 
with such principles (accountability), (iii) the obligation to identify a legal basis before the processing, (iv) 
the obligation to ensure the rights of data subjects, such as, among others, the right of access, the right to 
rectification and the right to erasure (which would require the TIM Group to permanently delete a user’s 
personal data in certain circumstances) and (v) more onerous consent requirements, as consent will always 
have to be express/opt-in, while implied/opt-out consent has at times been deemed sufficient under the 
former regime. The GDPR obligates companies to implement several formal processes and policies as well 
as to review and document the data protection implications of the development, acquisition, or use of all 
new products, technologies, or types of data. The GDPR, inter alia, provides for significant applicable 
maximum fines, up to the higher of (i) €20 million or (ii) 4% of annual global turnover per breach, as 
opposed to fines of less than €1 million under the former regime. The fine may be imposed instead of, or 
in addition to, measures that may be ordered by supervisory authorities (such as the request to cease 
processing). In addition, according to the Italian Privacy Code, certain criminal sanctions could be applied 
to individuals involved in unlawful processing activities.
The regulatory environment governing the TIM Group’s use of data relating to identifiable individuals 
(customers, employees and others) is complex. Privacy and information security laws and regulations change 
frequently, and compliance with such laws and regulations may require the TIM Group to incur significant 
costs to make necessary systems changes and implement new administrative processes.
The TIM Group has executed a deep gap analysis, identified the main issues, and consequently planned and 
deployed a master plan to reach full compliance with the GDPR requirements as well as with the Italian Privacy 
Code. It constantly monitors regulatory developments, measures and opinions adopted by the Italian Data 
Protection Authority (Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali) and adopts all the necessary 
initiatives needed to fulfil compliance with the aforementioned provisions. The TIM Group, in this context, is 
also committed in maintaining and verifying continuously the effectiveness of the adopted controls and engages 
in communications with the Italian Data Protection Authority with respect to data security matters where it 
deems necessary or advisable.
To ensure that the processing of personal data within the TIM Group complies with the GDPR and the Italy 
Privacy Code, all necessary initiatives are undertaken. 
TIM’s operational processes have been adapted according to the privacy-by-design principle, with particular 
focus on commercial processes, customer relations, and technological processes, adopting the methods defined 
by corporate regulations dedicated to the application of the GDPR and the provisions of the Data Protection 
Authority.

--- Page 56 ---
56
Processing activities involving personal data that pose particular risks are subject to a preliminary privacy 
impact assessment (PIA) following the guidelines of the European Data Protection Board (EDPB). These 
processes are documented, and the corresponding responsibilities are assigned to the appropriate managerial 
level within the company's organisation, as stipulated by the Italian Privacy Code in implementation of the 
accountability principle established by the GDPR.
The TIM Group constantly monitors regulatory developments, measures, and opinions issued by the Data 
Protection Authority, takes all necessary initiatives to comply with these provisions, and conducts checks on 
processes/activities deemed to be at higher risk.
However, the risk of deficiencies in implementing security measures, in fulfilling legal requirements on data 
processing, in applying rules on data retention, in notifying data breaches within the narrow mandatory 
timeframes could lead to disputes with the Italian Data Protection Authority and to be sanctioned with heavy 
fines. Any failure, or perceived failure, by the TIM Group to comply with any applicable data protection 
laws and regulations could result in proceedings, investigations or actions (including class actions) brought 
against it by governmental entities, or agencies; or private individuals or entities, and in significant fines, 
penalties, judgments and reputational damages to the TIM Group business, requiring it to change business 
practices and increasing the costs and complexity of compliance, any of which could materially adversely 
affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, the risk of personal 
data breaches can lead to disputes with the interested data subjects. Even the perception of data protection 
and privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm the TIM Group’s reputation and inhibit its business 
with current and future customers, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition 
and results of operations.
The TIM Group’s activities could be materially negatively affected by failure to comply with Brazilian 
Data Protection Laws.
The TIM Group’s operations and reputation could be materially negatively affected by cyber-security threats 
or its failure to comply with new data protection laws, mainly the Brazilian General Data Protection Law 
(Law No. 13,709/2018) (LGPD), which came into effect on 18 September 2020, following the President of 
Brazil’s veto of Article 4 of Provisional Measure No. 959/2020, which established that the LGPD would only 
come into effect on 3 May 2021. However, the administrative sanctions provisions of LGPD only became 
enforceable as of 1 August 2021, pursuant to Law No. 14,010/2020. Any proceeding or action and related 
damages could be harmful to the TIM Group’s reputation, force it to incur significant expenses, divert the 
attention of its management, increase its costs of doing business or result in the imposition of financial penalties.
In addition, Decree No. 10,474/2020 created the regulatory agency of the National Data Protection Authority 
(ANPD). The ANPD must ensure the protection of personal data and will deal with cases regarding 
commercial and industrial secrets in Brazil. ANPD is also responsible for developing guidelines for the 
Protection of Personal Data and Privacy National Policy and for inspecting and applying sanctions in the 
event of data breaches according to resolution cd/ANPD No. 1, of 28 October 2021.
Moreover, ANPD can issue regulations and procedures to protect personal data and privacy, as well as being 
responsible for assessing the impact of personal data protection in scenarios that may be deemed as a high 
risk to personal data protection principles. As a result of ANPD’s new regulations and procedures, the TIM

--- Page 57 ---
57
Group may be required to change its business practices and implement additional measures to adapt its 
personal data processing activities. This could adversely affect the TIM Group’s business, financial 
condition, or results of operations. The TIM Group cannot assure potential investors that its LGPD 
compliance efforts will be deemed appropriate or sufficient by regulatory authorities or by courts. The TIM 
Group is carrying out a continuous assessment to identify any problems and based on the results identified, 
it has implemented controls in order to achieve full compliance with the requirements of the LGPD. 
However, deficiencies in the full adoption of data security measures, implementing personal data processing 
and retention requirements and reporting data measures within a narrow mandatory time frame could lead 
to disputes with data protection authorities, fines or harm to the TIM Group’s reputation.
Sophisticated information and processing systems are vital to the TIM Group’s growth and its ability to 
monitor costs, render monthly invoices, process customer orders, provide customer service and achieve 
operating efficiencies. The TIM Group cannot assure that it will be able to successfully operate and upgrade 
its information and processing systems or that it will continue to perform as expected without any failure. A 
severe failure in its accounting, information and processing systems could impair its ability to collect 
payments from customers and respond satisfactorily to customer needs, which could adversely affect the 
TIM Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
EU regulation of the levels of roaming charges may in the future have a material adverse effect on 
the TIM Group’s business. 
EU regulators have imposed price caps applicable to all operators in the EU at wholesale level. In particular, 
the European Regulation (EU) No. 2022/612 provides for a decreasing glide path for the maximum 
wholesale prices for roaming mobile services culminating with maximum prices for voice, SMS and data 
services, respectively, of € 1.9 cent/min, € 0.3 cent/SMS and 1 €/GB. 
Although the above-mentioned maximum wholesale charges shall remain valid until 30 June 2032, a certain 
level of uncertainty stems from the review of the Roaming Regulation that the EU Commission shall evaluate 
in 2025 and that could lead to further caps reductions. In general terms, reduction of prices of mobile roaming 
services, may have a material adverse effect on the TIM Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations.
Actual or perceived health risks or other problems relating to mobile handsets or transmission masts 
could lead to litigation or decreased mobile communications usage.
The effects of, and any damage caused by, exposure to an electromagnetic field were and are the subject of 
careful evaluations by the international scientific community, but until now there is no scientific evidence of 
harmful effects on health. The allocation of the frequencies required for rolling out and operating 5G networks 
have heightened the public debate and concerns about this issue. The TIM Group cannot rule out that exposure 
to electromagnetic fields or other emissions originating from wireless handsets will not be identified as a 
health risk in the future.
The TIM Group’s mobile communications business may be harmed as a result of these alleged health risks. 
For example, the perception of these health risks could result in a lower number of customers, reduced usage 
per customer, prevent the installation of mobile communication masts and wireless networks, affect network 
rollouts and the deployment of higher frequencies in the TIM Group networks, generate additional costs or

--- Page 58 ---
58
investment, or result in potential claims and litigations. See also “—The TIM Group may be subject to claims 
and penalties relating to the health and safety of its employees or of third parties.” Additionally, as the TIM 
Group holds mobile communications licences, in light of the concerns about the potential health effects that 
could arise from exposure to mobile telecommunications equipment, it faces the risk that lawsuits may be 
filed against it in relation therewith. Further, the TIM Group installations, and particularly its 5G installations, 
may be subject to attack by members of the public.
 
Although laws already impose strict limits in relation to transmission equipment, these concerns may cause 
regulators to impose greater restrictions on the construction of radio base station towers or other infrastructure, 
which may hinder the completion of network buildouts and the commercial availability of new services and 
may require additional investments.
The TIM Group is exposed to risks in connection with fraud.
The TIM Group is exposed to risks in connection with fraud. For example, it is subject to the risk of customers 
attempting to benefit from its services or goods without paying for them. In view of the large number of 
invoices that the TIM Group issue and the volume of its payment transactions, such fraud could represent 
heavy financial losses.
The TIM Group is also exposed to risks of fraud with potentially material adverse effects should such risks 
materialise. In today’s environment of increasingly complex technologies, more virtual networks and faster 
implementation of new services and new applications, cases of fraud may arise that are more difficult to detect 
or control. Traditional phenomena such as subscription, interconnection, and commercial fraud currently 
account for the largest share of revenue loss and will continue to be significant in the near future. However, 
new types of 'internet-style' fraud are progressively gaining prominence (e.g., Internet spamming/phishing, 
service reselling, VoIP bypass). Additionally, certain specific types of services offered (e.g., wholesale 
international interconnection, voice or data services, premium services) are susceptible to the potential risk of 
misuse by third parties for constructing fictitious transaction schemes, serving tax fraud and/or international 
money laundering activities.
For example, on 29 February 2024, the TIM Group was served with an order of seizure issued on 2 February  
2024 by the preliminary investigation judge (giudice per le indagini preliminari) of the Court of Milan carrying 
out a preventive seizure (sequestro preventivo) of the sums held in the TIM Group’s bank accounts amounting 
to approximately €249.0 million. Such preventive measure related to an alleged cyber fraud (frode informatica) 
pursuant to Italian criminal law allegedly conducted by Content Service Providers in the context of value-added 
services. Since becoming aware of these irregularities in 2019, TIM proactively reported the matter to the 
Public Prosecutor’s Office of Rome. Following the investigation, these facts were determined to be a fraud 
committed against TIM. Nonetheless, TIM has taken swift action to safeguard its customers by refunding all 
known irregular activations and blocking any value-added services found to be affected by irregular activations. 
The TIM Group is not under investigation in these proceedings, however, any similar alleged case of fraud or 
any related criminal investigation in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on the TIM Group’s 
business, reputation, results of operation and financial condition.
The TIM Group’s organisational policies and procedures embodied in the organisational model 
adopted pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 may be insufficient to prevent fraud and

--- Page 59 ---
59
may fail to prevent certain officers or employees from engaging in unlawful conducts, for which TIM 
Group could be liable.
Any contact by the TIM Group’s directors, employees, agents or partners with the public administration or 
procurement officers of private clients (including in the context of participations in auctions, interactions 
held with the public administration in the process of obtaining or renewing any authorisation or licence and 
any possible public contribution) involves risks associated with fraud, bribery, corruption, incorrect use of 
public contributions and other fraudulent activities by the TIM Group’s employees and related 
investigations.
The TIM Group is also exposed to the risk that its directors, employees or agents commit IT related crime, 
which may consist of using the TIM Group’s infrastructure to violate the IT systems of its competitors, 
unlawful access to banking data (including that of its customers) and damages to the IT systems and documents. 
In addition, the TIM Group may be subject to claims in connection with damage to property, business 
interruptions, unauthorized use of property, unauthorized entry or breach of security protocols, negligence, 
wilful misconduct or other tortious acts by its employees or people who have gained unauthorized access to 
premises operated by the TIM Group. Such claims may be substantial and may result in adverse publicity 
for the TIM Group. The TIM Group’s business activities may also involve risks related to possible accidents, 
which may be due to its employees’ activities or mistakes and may consist in crimes, breaches of security 
measures, damages to third parties or manslaughter.
The TIM Group has put in place an organisational model pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001, in 
order to create a system of rules capable of preventing certain forms of unlawful conduct by senior 
management, executives and employees generally that might result in liabilities for it. The organisational 
model is adopted by TIM and by its Italian subsidiaries. A specific version of the organisational model has 
been adopted by the TIM Group pursuant to the anti-corruption Brazilian law (Law 12.846/13) and aligns 
with Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 of Italy, and international standards on anti-corruption, such as the 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act 2010.
The TIM Group has also implemented, and will continue to maintain in force, policies, procedures, 
systems, and controls designed to ensure compliance by its directors, employees, consultants, partners, 
agents and third-party agents, representatives and intermediaries with applicable anti-bribery and anti-
corruption legislation.
The organisational model is continuously reviewed and kept up to date to reflect changes in operations and 
in the regulatory environment. The TIM Group has established a 231 Steering Committee (management 
committee composed of Group Compliance Officer, the Chief Human Resources & Organisation Office, 
the General Counsel and the Audit Director as listener) to prepare and consider proposals for changes to the 
model, for submission to the board of directors for approval.
Notwithstanding the existence of this model or any updates that the TIM Group may make to it, there can be 
no assurances that it will function as designed, or that it will be considered adequate by any relevant legal 
authority. Further, the TIM Group may be unable to detect or prevent every instance of unlawful conduct 
involving its directors, employees, consultants, partners, agents and third-party agents’ representatives and 
intermediaries and/or may fail to adequately update and implement such policies, procedures, systems and

--- Page 60 ---
60
controls. The TIM Group’s monitoring systems may not be sufficient to prevent, detect and identify 
inadequate practices and violation of law by such individuals.
In particular, pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001, the TIM Group may be held responsible for 
certain crimes committed in Italy or abroad including, among others, bribery, money laundering, corruption 
(including among private individuals), anti-competitive behaviour, fraud against the state, corporate 
offenses, market abuse, certain tax and customs violations, and certain environmental and workplace safety 
violations in the TIM Group’s interest or for the TIM Group’s benefit, by individuals having a functional 
relationship with the TIM Group at the time the relevant crime was committed, including third-party agents, 
partners or intermediaries, unless the TIM Group is able to prove that such individuals fraudulently violated 
the internal control model and it was reasonably not possible for the TIM Group to avoid such violation. 
Liability, on top of minor administrative fines, may also attach in case the TIM Group fails to adequately 
implement a whistleblowing system and/or to follow up on whistleblowing reports according to applicable 
requirements, including Directive (EU) 2019/1937 on the protection of persons who report breaches of 
Union Law, and Italian Legislative Decree No. 24/2023. In such circumstances, the TIM Group may be 
subject to pecuniary fines, confiscation of profits or disqualifying sanctions (which could be applied also as 
interim measures during the investigations), including, subject to certain conditions being met, the 
termination of authorisation, permits, licences, concessions and financing arrangements, including facilitated 
financing, the suspension of the TIM Group’s operations, or prohibitions on contracting with public 
authorities. The duration of these disqualifications could range from a minimum of three months to a 
maximum of two years, although in very serious cases, some of these disqualifications can be applied for a 
longer duration period. As an alternative to the disqualifying sanctions, the court may appoint a judicial 
custodian to run the company, with the consequence that the profits gained during the receivership period 
are automatically confiscated.
Any of the foregoing events may have a material adverse effect on the TIM Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.
The TIM Group is involved in disputes and litigation with regulators, competition authorities, 
competitors and other parties, including its shareholders, and is the subject of a number of 
investigations by judicial authorities, the ultimate outcome of which is generally uncertain.
The TIM Group is subject to numerous risks relating to legal (civil and criminal), tax, competition and 
regulatory (including health and safety) proceedings in which it is currently a party, or which could develop 
in the future. It is also the subject of a number of investigations by judicial authorities. The TIM Group is 
also subject to a number of public civil actions and class actions that have been brought against mobile 
telecommunications providers in Brazil mainly relating to network quality, the expiration of prepaid usage 
credits, minimum term clauses, subscription fees, quality of service and the use of land to install the TIM 
Group’s network sites. These suits include claims contesting certain aspects of the fee structure of the TIM 
Group’s prepaid plans, hybrid (monthly billed fixed price), or so-called control plans and postpaid plans, 
which are commonplace in the Brazilian telecommunications industry. Additionally, federal, state and 
municipal tax authorities have questioned some tax procedures that the TIM Group has adopted and has 
raised questions regarding the calculation of the basis for certain sector-specific contributions. Moreover, 
there are tax proceedings arising from the acquisition of the former Intelig business (currently TIM S.A.) by 
the former parent company of the TIM Participações group, relating to the purchase price.

--- Page 61 ---
61
Furthermore, the TIM Group, and possibly also its directors and officers, may be subject to legal (civil and 
criminal) proceedings, such as derivative and direct suits from TIM’s shareholders, which may challenge an 
action, or inaction, taken by TIM alleging an infringement of corporate purposes and/or a denial of 
shareholders’ rights. For example, on 15 December 2023, Vivendi started legal proceedings before the Court 
of Milan challenging the validity and effectiveness of TIM’s board resolution of 5 November 2023, which 
approved the NetCo Transactions and the Transaction Agreement. Vivendi argued that the NetCo 
Transactions required an amendment to TIM’s corporate purposes approved by an extraordinary 
shareholders’ meeting. Vivendi also contended that the resolution should have required shareholders’ 
approval due to the alleged significant structural changes that will cause to TIM’s activities. Vivendi also 
alleged the violation of the related party transactions procedure. Should Vivendi successfully prove the alleged 
violation of Italian corporate law, it could materially adversely affect the TIM Group’s governance and 
reputation, even though on 14 January 2025, the Court of Milan declared inadmissible the appeal presented 
by Vivendi, but Vivendi has announced its intention to appeal this decision. 
Such proceedings and investigations are inherently unpredictable. In addition, as a result of certain alleged 
antitrust violations, the TIM Group may be subject to customers, competitors or other third parties’ lawsuits 
for damages or out-of-court requests, which could result in significant liabilities. Legal, tax, competition and 
regulatory proceedings and investigations in which the TIM Group is, or may become, involved (or 
settlements thereof) may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the TIM Group’s 
results of operations and/or financial condition and cash flows in any particular period. Furthermore, its 
involvement in such proceedings and investigations may adversely affect its reputation.
If TIM, or another TIM Group company, faces an adverse decision in any of the legal proceedings to 
which it is a party, and is ordered to pay amounts greater than what it has recognized to cover potential 
liabilities, it may face adverse effects with respect to it and/or the TIM Group’s operations, financial 
position, income statement and cash flows.
The final outcomes of those proceedings are generally uncertain. In recognizing potential liabilities, the TIM 
Group takes into consideration the risks connected with each dispute and the relevant accounting standards, 
which require reserves to be recognized where liabilities are probable and can be estimated reliably. The 
provisions represent an estimate of the financial risk connected with the particular proceedings, in line with 
the relevant accounting standards. Nonetheless, the TIM Group may be obligated to meet liabilities linked 
to unsuccessful outcomes for proceedings that were not taken into consideration when calculating those 
reserves and the provisions made may not be sufficient to fully meet such obligations through use of its 
reserves. If any material disputes are resolved against the TIM Group, they could, individually or in the 
aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the TIM Group’s results of operations, financial condition and 
cash flows (See: “Litigation”).
Failure to protect the TIM Group’s image, reputation and brand could materially affect the TIM 
Group’s business.
The TIM Group’s success depends on its ability to maintain and enhance the image and reputation of its 
companies, of its existing products and services and to develop a favourable image and reputation for new 
products and services. The image and reputation of its products and services may be reduced in the future if

--- Page 62 ---
62
concerns about the quality, reliability and cost-benefit analysis of its products and services, the quality of its 
support centres, the environmental footprint of its business and its capability to deliver to its customers the 
level of services advertised are raised, even if such concerns are unfounded, could tarnish its image and 
reputation of the image and reputation of its products and services. Restoring its image and reputation or that 
of its products and services may be costly and not always possible. Any of the above factors could have a 
material impact on the TIM Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
The use of Internet by the TIM Group’s customers could cause it to suffer losses and adversely affect 
its reputation.
Pursuant to applicable Italian regulation, the TIM Group, as a host and provider of data transmission services, 
is required to inform competent authorities without delay of any alleged illegal or illicit activity by its customers 
of which it is aware. The TIM Group must also provide the authorities with any information it has identifying 
such customers. Any failure to comply with this obligation could cause it to become involved in civil 
proceedings or could harm public perception of its brand and services. Any such event could result in legal 
and/or regulatory proceedings.
The TIM Group is exposed to the risk of labour disputes.
The acceleration in technological transformation in the telecommunications sector has created the need 
to address integrated organisational review activities, digitalisation of processes and adaptation of the 
skills and capabilities of all staff members.
Overall, the TIM Group has a good relationship with its workers and trade unions. However, there can be no 
assurance that the TIM Group’s workers and trade unions will be fully satisfied with the Acquisition. 
Furthermore, material labour disputes may occur. having a material adverse impact on the TIM Group’s 
operations. 
The TIM Group may be subject to claims and penalties relating to the health and safety of its 
employees or of third parties.
The TIM Group’s operations are subject to environmental as well as health and safety laws and regulations, 
including those concerning occupational health. In most cases, the TIM Group is responsible for the safety 
of its personnel as well as any external worker operating at its premises and the general health wellbeing of 
its customers’ employees and patrons who may work or do business nearby. If the TIM Group fails to 
implement safety procedures or if the procedures the TIM Group implements are ineffective, its employees 
and others may become injured. Health and safety risks include the possibility of injuries caused by unsafe 
working conditions or unforeseen accidents, as well as the risk of occupational diseases due to exposure to 
harmful substances or work-related stress. The TIM Group may incur significant costs, including fines, 
penalties (including operational bans), civil, criminal (also pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 
231/2001) and administrative sanctions as a result of violations of, or liabilities under the applicable health 
and safety laws and regulations. Under applicable Italian law, when workers become injured in connection 
with their duties and as a result are absent from work for more than 40 days, the relevant public prosecutor 
must open an investigation into workplace safety and, depending on the circumstances, may bring criminal

--- Page 63 ---
63
proceedings against the TIM Group, its local officer entrusted with workplace safety or against its 
management or chief executive officer.
Incidents or similar occurrences may damage the TIM Group’s reputation and negatively affect its 
reputation and result in criminal and/or administrative liability, including pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 231/2001. See also “—Risks Related to the TIM Group’s Business Activity and Industry—
Actual or perceived health risks or other problems relating to mobile handsets or transmission masts 
could lead to litigation or decreased Mobile Communications usage.” and “—the TIM Group’s 
organisational policies and procedures embodied in the organisational model adopted pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree 231/2001 may be insufficient to prevent fraud and may fail to prevent certain officers 
or employees from engaging in unlawful conducts, for which the TIM Group could be liable.”
To mitigate these risks, the company ensures compliance with legislative provisions regarding health 
and safety in the workplace. This includes assessing the risks to workers' safety and health with the aim 
of progressively reducing them to a minimum and preparing the Risk Assessment Document. The 
company adopts principles, standards, and solutions aimed at achieving "zero workplace injuries" by 
implementing preventive measures and verifying their adequacy and effectiveness.
Raising awareness and involving employees in health and safety policies and objectives, along with 
training and informing them about the risks and control measures adopted, are considered fundamental 
tools for mitigating such risks.

--- Page 64 ---
64
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME
4.
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes.
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
features:
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return.
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to which Condition 5.4 (Change of Interest Basis) applies are Notes which 
bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the 
secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in 
a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes.
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates.
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities.
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks”.
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject 
of national and international regulatory guidance reform aimed at supporting the transition to robust 
benchmarks. Most reforms have now reached their planned conclusion (including the transition away 
from LIBOR), and “benchmarks” remain subject to ongoing monitoring. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences

--- Page 65 ---
65
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
referencing such a “benchmark”. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a “benchmark”; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a “benchmark”.
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) otherwise 
occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders and Couponholders, and that such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate 
Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement 
of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark

--- Page 66 ---
66
replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referencing a benchmark.
For the avoidance of doubt, the fallback arrangements referred to above do not apply when SOFR has 
been specified as the applicable reference rate in the Final Terms of the relevant Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes.
The use of risk-free rates, including the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), as reference rates 
for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing 
such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference 
risk-free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing 
to SOFR or SOFR Compounded that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the 
market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time.
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding 
or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates.
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference 
rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates 
(which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a 
designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. International 
Working Groups have identified various TERM rates (including SOFR) for EURIBOR. If the relevant 
risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes 
linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely 
used.
The administrator of SOFR or any related indices may make changes that could change the value of 
SOFR or any related index or discontinue SOFR or any related index.
The Federal Reserve or Bank of New York (or its successors) may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of the relevant risk-free rate and/or related indices, including 
changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable 
to the transactions used to calculate SOFR or timing related to the publication of SOFR or any related 
indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of 
SOFR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the 
Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.

--- Page 67 ---
67
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history.
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank 
offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-
looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates 
and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the 
basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. 
As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank 
offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to 
an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in 
SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other 
market rates.
5.
Risks related to the structure of all Notes issued under the Programme 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the structure of all Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
The Conditions contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders.
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and including 
those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and without 
regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine 
without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not 
be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in 
place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 15. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative 
practice.
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact 
the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified

--- Page 68 ---
68
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade.
6.
Tax risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme
The TIM Group is exposed to a number of different tax uncertainties, which would have an impact 
on its tax expenses 
The TIM Group is required to pay taxes in multiple jurisdictions in which it operates. The TIM Group 
determines the taxes it is required to pay, based on its interpretation of the applicable tax laws and 
regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Therefore, and as a result of its presence and 
operation in multiple jurisdictions, the TIM Group may be subject to unfavourable changes in the 
applicable tax laws and regulations or in the interpretation of such tax laws and regulations by the 
competent tax authorities. The financial position of the TIM Group and its ability to service the 
obligations under its indebtedness, including the Notes, may be adversely affected by new laws or 
changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws.
For example, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)/G20 Inclusive 
Framework has been working on addressing the tax challenges arising from the digitalization of the 
economy, including by releasing the OECD’s Pillar One and Pillar Two blueprints on 12 October 2020. 
Pillar Two  (Pillar Two) establishes a minimum tax to be paid by multinational enterprises. On 15 
December 2022, the Council of the EU formally adopted Directive (EU) 2022/2523 (the Pillar Two 
Directive) to achieve a coordinated implementation of Pillar Two in EU Member States consistent with 
EU law. The Pillar Two has been implemented into  Italian law pursuant to Law of 9 August 2023, No. 
111, as implemented by Legislative Decree of 27 December 2023, No. 209 (Law 111/2023). This 
measure will ensure that multinational enterprises that are within the scope of the Pillar Two rules will 
always be subject to a corporation tax rate of at least 15 per cent. 
The TIM Group is closely monitoring these developments, but does not currently expect that it will be 
affected by Pillar One implementing measures (subject to clarity on final regulations). However, the 
TIM Group is a Multinational Enterprise within the scope of the Pillar Two Directive implementing 
legislation and, more generally, to the Pillar Two legislation in other OECD countries of presence 
following its implementation. As a result of such implementation, such legislation may increase the 
TIM Group’s tax compliance requirements.
Furthermore, Law 111/2023 delegates power to the Italian government to enact, within twenty-four 
months from its publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the tax reform of the tax 
system. According to Law 111/2023, the tax reform may significantly change the taxation of financial 
incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. 
The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be assessed or predicted with 
certainty at this stage. The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax 
landscape accurately. Noteholders should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the 
tax regime of financial incomes and capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income 
and/or capital gains accrued or realised under the Notes and could result in a lower return of their 
investments.

--- Page 69 ---
69
Risks relating to the pending Italian tax reform.
Law 111/2023 delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its 
publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the tax reform of the tax system. According 
to Law 111/2023, the tax reform may significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital 
gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, 
extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be entirely quantified or foreseen with certainty at this 
stage as currently not all laws and legislative decrees needed to implement such tax reform have been 
enacted. The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not therefore reflect the future tax 
landscape accurately. Noteholders should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the 
tax regime of financial incomes and capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income 
and/or capital gains accrued or realised under the Notes and could result in a lower return of their 
investments.
7.
Risks related to the market of the Notes
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes.
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types 
of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes.
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal.

--- Page 70 ---
70
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be 
delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK 
regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, 
third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) 
issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 71 ---
71
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information which has previously been or is published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus shall be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 

 the English translation of the press release dated 23 October 2024 headed “TIM: GDF Search 
Confirmed, 
Company 
will 
Cooperate 
with 
Inquiries” 
available 
at: 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2024/PR-TIM-24-
october.pdf, 

the English translation of the press release dated 23 October 2024 headed “TIM: BOD Takes 
Note of Prosecutor’s Investigation, Company not Involved and Injured Party” available at 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2024/PR-BOD-24-10.pdf; 

the English translation of the press release dated 17 February 2025 headed “TIM Enters the 
Energy 
Market 
with 
a 
100% 
Renewable 
Offer” 
available 
at: 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2025/PR-TIM-Energia-17-
02-25.pdf;  

the English translation of the press release dated 27 February 2025 headed “Italy’s TIM Group 
Partners with ADIO for Regional Headquarters in Abu Dhabi” available at: 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/press-archive/corporate/2025/PR-TIM-ADIO-27-
02-2025.pdf, 
(together, the Press Releases); 

the English translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2024 
of 
the 
TIM 
Group 
(available 
at 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/investitori/doc---report-
finanziari/2024/Annual%20report%202024.pdf, the TIM 2024 Consolidated Financial 
Statements), together with the English translation of independent auditors' reports as included 
on those pages specified below; 

the English translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
of 
the 
TIM 
Group 
(available 
at 
https://www.gruppotim.it/content/dam/gt/investitori/doc---report-finanziari/2023/TIM-
Annual-Report-2023.pdf  , the TIM 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements), together with 
the English translation of independent auditors' reports as included on those pages specified 
below; 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus 
to the extent that a statement contained in any such subsequent document which is deemed to be 
incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any other information incorporated 
by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list below, is considered to be additional 
information to be disclosed to investors rather than information required by the relevant Annexes of the 
Delegated Regulation. 
The following Press Releases are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety:
Information incorporated by reference
Location

--- Page 72 ---
72
“TIM: GDF Search Confirmed, Company will Cooperate with Inquiries”
All
“TIM: BOD Takes Note of Prosecutor’s Investigation, Company not Involved 
and Injured Party”
All
“TIM Enters the Energy Market with a 100% Renewable Offer”
All
“Italy’s TIM Group Partners with ADIO for Regional Headquarters in Abu 
Dhabi”
All
The following information from the Issuer’s annual reports is incorporated by reference, and the 
following cross-reference lists are provided to enable investors to identify specific items of information 
so incorporated: 
Document
Information incorporated
Location
TIM 
2024 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements
Report on Operations - Main 
changes 
in 
the 
regulatory 
framework
pp. 36-55
Alternative Performance Measures
pp. 97-98
Macro-Organization Chart as at 31 
December 2024
p. 123
Financial information concerning 
TIM Group’s assets and liabilities, 
financial position and profits and 
losses:
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Financial Position
pp. 280-281
Separate 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statements
p. 282
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Comprehensive Income
p. 283
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Changes in Equity
p. 284
Consolidated Statements of Cash 
Flows
pp. 285-286
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
pp. 287-410
Certification of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements Pursuant to 
art. 
81-ter 
of 
the 
Consob 
Regulation 11971 dated 14 May 
p. 411

--- Page 73 ---
73
Document
Information incorporated
Location
1999, 
with 
Amendments 
and 
Additions
Independent Auditors’ Report
pp. 412-422
TIM 
2023 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements
Alternative Performance Measures 
pp. 104-105
Macro-Organization Chart as at 31 
December 2023
p. 132
Financial information concerning 
TIM Group’s assets and liabilities, 
financial position and profits and 
losses: 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Financial Position 
pp. 135-136
Separate 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statements
p. 137
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
p. 138
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Changes in Equity
p. 139
Consolidated Statements of Cash 
Flows 
pp. 140-141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
pp.142-265
Certification of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements Pursuant to 
art. 
81-ter 
of 
the 
Consob 
Regulation 11971 dated 14 May 
1999, 
with 
Amendments 
and 
Additions
p. 266
Independent Auditors’ Report 
pp. 267-277
In addition to the above, the following information shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus 
as 
and 
when 
it 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.gruppotim.it/en/investors/reports-presentations/financial-reports.html):

the information set out in the following sections of any annual report published by the Issuer 
after the date of this Base Prospectus, including the auditors' report and audited consolidated 
and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer:

--- Page 74 ---
74
Report on Operations - Main changes in the regulatory framework
Alternative Performance Measures
Macro-Organization Chart 
Financial information concerning TIM Group’s assets and liabilities, financial position and 
profits and losses:
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
Separate Consolidated Income Statements
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Certification of the Consolidated Financial Statements Pursuant to art. 81-ter of the Consob 
Regulation 11971 dated 14 May 1999, with Amendments and Additions
Independent Auditors’ Report
 

the information set out in the following sections of any interim consolidated report published 
by the Issuer after the date of this Base Prospectus:
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
Separate Consolidated Income Statements
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to the Half-Year Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Certification of the Half-Year Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Pursuant to art. 
81-ter of the Consob Regulation 11971 dated 14 May 1999, with Amendments and Additions 
Independent Auditors’ Report on the limited audit of the Half-Year Condensed Consolidated 
Financial Statements
Information incorporated by reference pursuant to items above which is inconsistent with statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to modify or supersede such statements.
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein will also be available, in 
electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 75 ---
75
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 76 ---
76
FORM OF THE NOTES
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global 
Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a)
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and
(b)
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein for interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of 
a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced

--- Page 77 ---
77
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system 
satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer 
is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer 
may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended 
to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further 
Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are 
different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within 90 days and the failure shall be 
continuing. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 78 ---
78
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".
2 
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 79 ---
79
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 OF SINGAPORE (AS AMENDED OR MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE SFA) - 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] to be (a) capital markets products other 
than: prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (b) Specified 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]3
[Date]
TIM S.p.A.
Legal entity identifier (LEI):549300W384M3RI3VXU42
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated 28 March 2025 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus has been published at www.gruppotim.it and www.luxse.com. In addition, the Base 
Prospectus will be available from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.) 
3
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein): (a) do not 
constitute prescribed capital markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and (b) will be offered in Singapore.

--- Page 80 ---
80
1.
(a)
Series Number:
[   ]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[   ]
(c)
Date on which the 
Notes 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a 
single Series:
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the 
date that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [   ], which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]]][Not Applicable]
2.
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies:
[   ]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[   ]
(b)
Tranche:
[   ]
4.
Issue Price:
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
5.
(a)
Specified 
Denominations:
[   ]
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent).) 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed:
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”)
(b)
Calculation Amount (in 
relation to calculation 
of interest in global 
form see Conditions):
[   ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
6.
(a)
Issue Date:
[   ]
(b)
Interest 
Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 81 ---
81
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)
7.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
8.
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[●] per cent. to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and every [●] 
anniversary thereafter]
[[  ] month [EURIBOR] [SOFR] +/- [ ]% Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15 below)
9.
Redemption[/Payment] Basis:
[100 per cent.][Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [] of their nominal amount ]
10.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below and 
identify there][Not Applicable]
(a)
Switch Option:
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in Interest 
Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to which the 
change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not Applicable]
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the Switch 
Option to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date)
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)
(b)
Switch Option Expiry 
Date:
[]
(c)
Switch 
Option 
Effective Date:
[]
11.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Change of Control Put]
[Issuer Maturity Par Call]
[Clean-Up Call]
[(see paragraphs 17/18/19/20/21/22/23 below)]
[Not Applicable]
12.
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained:
[   ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 82 ---
82
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/(if a Change of Interest 
Basis applies) [Applicable for the period starting from 
[and including] [●] ending on [but excluding] [●]]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date
(b)
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s):
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)
(c)
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) 
(and 
in 
relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(d)
Broken Amount(s) (and 
in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable]
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
(f)
Determination Date(s):
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon)
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/(if a Change of Interest 
Basis applies) [Applicable for the period starting from 
[and including] [●] ending on [but excluding] [●])]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph. Also consider whether EURIBOR or 
SOFR is the appropriate reference rate to delete the 
following items as appropriate)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[   ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not subject 
to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (b) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b)
Business 
Day 
Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 83 ---
83
(c)
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s):
[   ]
(d)
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the 
Agent):
[   ] [(the Calculation Agent)]
(e)
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
(i)
Reference 
Rate:
[[   ] month [EURIBOR]] 
[SOFR] 
(ii)
[Term Rate
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

D:
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable]

Observation 
Method:
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable]
o
Lag:
[[5 / [    ]] U.S. Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable]
o
Observation 
Shift:
[[5 / [    ]] U.S. Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable]
(NB: A minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days if Compounded Daily SOFR, should be 
specified for the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent)] 
(iii)
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[The second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
[The first U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
after the last day of the relevant Observation Period] 
[the day falling [specify] [U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day[s] prior to each Interest Payment Date (or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become due and payable 
on a date other than an Interest Payment Date] 
[specify other]
(iv)
Relevant 
Screen Page:
[         ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 84 ---
84
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately)
(Select not applicable only if the Conditions do not refer 
to Relevant Screen Page, such as for SOFR)
(f)
Linear Interpolation
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]
(g)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [   ]per cent. per annum
(h)
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest:
[   ]per cent. per annum
(i)
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest:
[   ] per cent. per annum
(j)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[   ] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[   ]
(c)
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
16.
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 
(Redemption and Purchase - 
Redemption for tax reasons):
Minimum period: [30] days
Maximum period: [60] days 
17.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[   ]

--- Page 85 ---
85
(b)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount:
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] [Make-Whole Amount]
(c)
Redemption Margin:
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption)
[[] per cent.] [Not Applicable]
(d)
Reference Bond:
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption)
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not Applicable]
(e)
Reference Dealers:
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption)
[[]] [Not Applicable]
(f)
If redeemable in part:
(i)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[   ]
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[   ]
(g)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee)
18.
Issuer Maturity Par Call:
Notice periods:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
[Minimum period: [     ] days] [Not Applicable]
[Maximum period: [     ] days] [Not Applicable]
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee)

--- Page 86 ---
86
(a)
Maturity Par Call Period:
From (and including) [] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date
(b)
Maturity Par Call Period 
Commencement Date:
[]
19.
Clean-Up Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Clean-Up Call Percentage:
[] per cent. 
Clean-Up 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount:
[  ] per Note [of [    ] Specified Denomination]
20.
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[   ]
(b)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [     ] days
Maximum period: [     ] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee)
21.
Change of Control Put
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[   ]
(b)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [     ] days
Maximum period: [     ] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and

--- Page 87 ---
87
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee)
22.
Final Redemption Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
23.
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value, consideration should be 
given as to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24.
Form of Notes:
(a)
Form:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
upon an Exchange Event]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event]
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No]
25.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/insert relevant financial centre(s)]
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment and 
not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 14(c) relates)
26.
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No.]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading].
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By: _____________________________
Duly authorised

--- Page 88 ---
88
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing and Admission to 
trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify (i) relevant regulated market (for example 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or the Electronic Bond Market (Mercato 
Telematico Obbligazionario)) and also any third 
country market, SME growth market or MTF, and 
(ii) if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the official list of Borsa Italiana)] with 
effect from [            ].]
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify (i) relevant regulated market 
(for example the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Electronic 
Bond 
Market 
(Mercato 
Telematico 
Obbligazionario)) and also any third country 
market, SME growth market or MTF, and (ii) if 
relevant, listing on an official list (for example, the 
official list of Borsa Italiana)] with effect from [   
].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
[Not Applicable]
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading:
[   ]
2.
RATINGS
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[  ] by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms]. 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).] [/[Each of [defined terms] is 
established in the United Kingdom and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European

--- Page 89 ---
89
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[for its general corporate purposes] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus - if reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details) 
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[   ]
4.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, corporate finance, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates (including parent companies) in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
[   ][Not Applicable]
[The yield [is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It] is not an indication of 
future yield.]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN:
[   ]
(ii)
Common Code:
[   ]
(iii)
CFI
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 90 ---
90
(iv)
FISN:
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)]
(vi)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(vii)
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[   ]/[Not Applicable]
(viii)
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 14:
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the day 
on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(ix)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 91 ---
91
(ii)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv)
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D 
Rules/TEFRA 
C 
Rules/TEFRA 
[Not 
Applicable]]
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(vii)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
(viii)
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
(ix)
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes 
are calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than 
one specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark].
(x)
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 
29(2) statement on 
benchmarks:
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
[(ESMA)] pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the EU BMR)]. [As far as the

--- Page 92 ---
92
Issuer is aware, [[insert name of the benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the BMR by 
virtue of Article 2 of the BMR.]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such 
that the administrator is not currently required to 
obtain recognition or endorsement, or to benefit 
from an equivalence decision]]. (repeat as 
necessary)]]
(If Not Applicable, delete this sub-paragraph)
(xi)
[Singapore Sales to Institutional
Investors 
and 
Accredited
Investors only:]
[Not Applicable/Applicable]4
4
Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. Include this line item where Notes are offered into 
Singapore. Indicate “Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. 
Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in 
Singapore.

--- Page 93 ---
93
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of the Final 
Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by TIM S.p.A. (the Issuer or TIM) 
constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Trust Deed) dated 28 March 2025 made between TIM and Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b)
any Global Note; and 
(c)
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 28 March 2025 and made between TIM, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named 
therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the Paying Agents, together referred to as the Agents.
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean the holders of the 
Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below) 
and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or

--- Page 94 ---
94
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at 28 March 2025 at 21 Moorfields, 
London, EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the 
Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com), are available for viewing at www.gruppotim.it and copies may be obtained from the 
Issuer at its registered office, as well as from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, save 
that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee or, as the case may be, the relevant Agent as to its 
holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended.
1.
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the 
Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of 
any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding 
any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for 
all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
the next succeeding paragraph.

--- Page 95 ---
95
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular 
nominal amount of Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or 
information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so 
rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of an error 
which is manifest or, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven, be conclusive and binding on all 
concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, 
the Agent and the Trustee. 
2.
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save as aforesaid and for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding.  
3.
RESTRICTIONS ON SECURITY INTERESTS
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest other than Permitted Encumbrances upon the whole or any part of their present 
or future revenues or assets to secure any Capital Markets Indebtedness without at the same 
time or prior thereto taking any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i)
all amounts payable by it under the Notes, any relative Coupons and the Trust Deed are 
secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Capital Markets 
Indebtedness to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(ii)
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving 
of a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion 
deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (B) as is 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 96 ---
96
For the avoidance of doubt in respect of asset-backed financings originated by the Issuer, the 
expressions “assets” and “obligations for the payment of borrowed money” as used in this 
Condition do not include assets and obligations of the Issuer which, pursuant to the 
requirements of law and accounting principles generally accepted in Italy, currently need not 
be, and are not, reflected in the balance sheet of the Issuer. 
As used herein:
Capital Markets Indebtedness means any obligation for the payment of borrowed money 
which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, a certificate of indebtedness or in the 
form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other securities, in each case which 
is/are listed or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market; 
Change of Interest Basis means, if applicable, the change of Interest Basis of the Notes as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 
5.4 (Change of Interest Basis);
Interest Basis has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;
Permitted Encumbrance means: 
(a)
any encumbrance existing on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; 
(b)
any encumbrance over or affecting any asset acquired by the Issuer after the date on 
which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and subject to which 
such asset is acquired, if: 
(A)
such encumbrance was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such 
asset by the Issuer; and 
(B)
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or 
since the date of, the acquisition of such asset by the Issuer; 
(c)
any encumbrance over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes an obligor 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, 
where such encumbrance is created prior to the date on which such company becomes 
an obligor, if:
(A)
such encumbrance was not created in contemplation of that company becoming 
an obligor; and 
(B)
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or 
since the date of, that company becoming an obligor; 
(d)
any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the TIM Group in 
the normal course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and 
credit balances; 
(e)
any title transfer or retention of title arrangement entered into by any member of the 
TIM Group in the normal course of its trading activities on the counterparty’s standard 
or usual terms;

--- Page 97 ---
97
(f)
encumbrances created in substitution of any encumbrance permitted under sub-
paragraphs (b)(A) and (b)(B) of this definition over the same or substituted assets 
provided that (1) the principal amount secured by the substitute encumbrance does not 
exceed the principal amount outstanding and secured by the initial encumbrance and 
(2) in the case of substituted assets, if the market value of the substituted assets at the 
time of the substitution does not exceed the market value of the assets replaced;
(g)
encumbrances created to secure: 
(A)
loans provided, supported or subsidised by a governmental agency, national or 
multinational investment guarantee agency, export credit agency or a lending 
organisation established by the United Nations, the European Union or other 
international treaty organisation, including, without limitation, the European 
Investment Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
the International Finance Corporation; or 
(B)
Project Finance Indebtedness, 
provided that the encumbrance is created on an asset of the project being financed by 
such loans (and/or on the shares in, and/or shareholder loans made to, the company 
conducting such project) or, as the case may be, such Project Finance Indebtedness, 
and remains confined to that asset (and/or shares and/or shareholder loans); 
(h)
encumbrances arising out of the refinancing of any Capital Markets Indebtedness 
secured by any encumbrance permitted by the preceding sub-paragraphs, provided that 
the amount of such Capital Markets Indebtedness is not increased and is not secured 
by an encumbrance over any additional assets; 
(i)
any encumbrance arising by operation of law; 
(j)
any encumbrance created in connection with convertible bonds or notes where the 
encumbrance is created over the assets into which the convertible bonds or notes may 
be converted and secures only the obligation of the issuer to effect the conversion of 
the bonds or notes into such assets; 
(k)
any encumbrance created in the ordinary course of business to secure Capital Markets 
Indebtedness under hedging transactions entered into for the purpose of managing risks 
arising under funded debt obligations such as credit support annexes and agreements; 
(l)
any encumbrance over or affecting any asset of the Issuer to secure Capital Markets 
Indebtedness under a Permitted Leasing Transaction, provided that the aggregate 
Capital Markets Indebtedness secured by all such encumbrances does not exceed 
€1,000,000,000; 
(m)
any encumbrance created on short-term receivables used in any asset-backed financing; 
(n)
any encumbrance on real estate assets of the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries or any person 
to which such real estate assets may be contributed by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries in connection with the issuance of any indebtedness, whether such 
indebtedness is secured or unsecured by such real estate assets or any other assets of 
such person to which real estate assets have been contributed by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries; and

--- Page 98 ---
98
(o)
any other encumbrance securing Capital Markets Indebtedness of an aggregate amount 
not exceeding 10 per cent. of the total net worth of the Issuer (as disclosed in the most 
recent audited consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer); 
Permitted Leasing Transaction means one or more transactions or a series of transactions as 
a result of which the Issuer disposes of or otherwise transfers (including, without limitation, by 
way of sale of title or grant of a leasehold or other access, utilisation and/or possessory 
interest(s)) its rights to possess, use and/or exploit all or a portion of a particular asset or 
particular assets owned, used and/or operated by the Issuer (or its rights and/or interests in 
respect thereof) to one or more other persons in circumstances where the Issuer or an affiliate 
shall have the right to obtain or retain possession, use and/or otherwise exploit the asset or 
assets (or rights and/or interests therein) so disposed of or otherwise transferred; 
Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, 
trust, unincorporated organisation or government or agency or political subdivision thereof; 
Project Finance Indebtedness means any indebtedness incurred by a debtor to finance the 
ownership, acquisition, construction, development and/or operation of an asset in respect of 
which the person or persons to whom such indebtedness is, or may be, owed have no recourse 
whatsoever for the repayment of or payment of any sum relating to such indebtedness other 
than: 
(a)
recourse to such debtor for amounts limited to the cash flow from such asset; and/or 
(b)
recourse to such debtor generally, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages 
(other than liquidated damages and damages required to be calculated in a specified 
way) for breach of an obligation, representation or warranty (not being a payment 
obligation, representation or warranty or an obligation, representation or warranty to 
procure payment by another or an obligation, representation or warranty to comply or 
to procure compliance by another with any financial ratios or other test of financial 
condition) by the person against whom such recourse is available; and/or 
(c)
if such debtor has been established specifically for the purpose of constructing, 
developing, owning and/or operating the relevant asset and such debtor owns no other 
significant assets and carries on no other business, recourse to all of the assets and 
undertaking of such debtor and the shares in the capital of such debtor and shareholder 
loans made to such debtor; 
Security Interest means (i) any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing 
any obligation of any Person; and (ii) any arrangement providing a creditor with prior right to 
an asset, or its proceeds of sale, over other creditors in a liquidation; 
Subsidiary means a corporation in respect of which more than 50% of the outstanding voting 
shares or equity interest having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority 
of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time shares of any 
other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of 
the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by 
the Issuer or by one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by the Issuer and one or more Subsidiaries; 
and 
TIM Group means TIM and its Subsidiaries.

--- Page 99 ---
99
4.
MERGERS AND SIMILAR EVENTS
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer may consolidate or merge with another 
company or firm, sell or lease all or substantially all of their respective assets to another 
company or buy or lease all or substantially all of the assets of another company, provided that 
the Issuer shall not take any of these actions unless: 
(i)
where the Issuer merges out of existence or sells or leases all or substantially all of its 
assets, the other company assumes all the then existing obligations of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, all obligations under the Notes and the Trust Deed), 
either by law or contractual arrangements; 
(ii)
if the other company is organised under the laws of a country other than Italy, it must 
indemnify the Noteholders and Couponholders against (A) any tax, assessment or 
governmental charge imposed on any such Noteholder or Couponholder or required to 
be withheld or deducted from any payment to such Noteholder or Couponholder as a 
consequence of such merger, conveyance, transfer or lease and (B) any costs or 
expenses of the act of such merger, conveyance, transfer or lease; provided that, if such 
company is incorporated in Italy, such other company shall not be liable under such 
indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or 
on account of any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or 
other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy; and 
(iii)
the merger, sale or lease of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer will not be 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) and no Event of Default or other event 
which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or other condition (including, without 
limitation, certification from the Trustee), would be an Event of Default has occurred 
and is outstanding. 
As long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in the case of 
such merger or consolidation, the Issuer will advise the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus or, where so required by the relevant authority, a new base 
prospectus will be prepared and the Noteholders will be notified in accordance with Condition 
14. 
5.
INTEREST
5.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest 
on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 100 ---
100
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(B)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after the application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 101 ---
101
(ii)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent.
5.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls on the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date.
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
(a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case 
of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which

--- Page 102 ---
102
falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(b)
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than any Additional Business Centre and which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is 
open.
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified below. 
(i)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – EURIBOR
This Condition 5.2(b)(i) applies if “EURIBOR” is specified in the Final Terms to be the 
applicable Reference Rate.
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) the offered quotation; or 
(B) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. Brussels time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the

--- Page 103 ---
103
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal 
Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – SOFR
(A)
This Condition 5.2(b)(ii) applies if “SOFR” is specified in the Final Terms to be the 
applicable Reference Rate.
(B)
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or the Principal Paying Agent, as applicable, on each Interest 
Determination Date.
(C)
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii):
Benchmark means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula 
and other provisions set out in this Condition 5.2(b)(ii).
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this 
reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula 
and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily 
SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, 
then the provisions under Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(D) below will apply.
Compounded SOFR with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment in U.S. dollars (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001):

--- Page 104 ---
104
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
1 +
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
― 1 × D
𝑑
d is the number of calendar days in:
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period.
D is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360);
do is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period.
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period;
Interest Determination Date means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1);
Observation Period in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such

--- Page 105 ---
105
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);
p for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms which shall not 
be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business days at any time, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest);
SOFR with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:
(i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or
(ii) Subject to Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(D) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does 
not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website;
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);
SOFR Administrator’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;
SOFRi means the SOFR for:
(i)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or
(ii)
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i"; and
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
(D)
(I) Benchmark Replacement
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for 
all determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(D) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement).

--- Page 106 ---
106
(II) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to 
time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee, the Calculation Agent 
and the Paying Agents of the certificate referred to in Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(E) below 
and subject as provided below, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying 
Agents (as applicable) shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders and without liability to the 
Noteholders or any other person, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution 
of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) with effect from the date 
specified in the notice referred to in Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(E) below.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(D)(II), none of the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the Paying Agents (as applicable) shall be obliged to 
concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
which, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying 
Agent (as applicable), would (i) expose the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) to any additional liability or (ii) increase the 
obligations or duties, or decrease the rights or protections, afforded to the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed), the Agency 
Agreement and/or these Conditions.
(III) Decisions and Determinations
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(D), including (without limitation) any determination with respect 
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection:
(i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;
(ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and
(iii)notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without any requirement for the consent or approval 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party.
In this Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(D):
Benchmark means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement.
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 107 ---
107
(i) the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or
(ii) the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; or
(ii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time;
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary);
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):
(i) in the case of sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event" below, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or
(ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (d), (e) or (f) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event" below, the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;

--- Page 108 ---
108
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):
a)
the Benchmark has ceased to be published as a result of such benchmark 
ceasing to be calculated or administered; or
b)
a public statement by the administrator of the Benchmark that it has ceased, or 
will cease, publishing such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such Benchmark); or
c)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark that 
such Benchmark has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
or
d)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark (as 
applicable) that means that such Benchmark will be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or
e)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Benchmark is no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or
f)
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the relevant Benchmark (as applicable) (including, without limitation, 
under the BMR, if applicable).
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Benchmark 
methodology does not constitute a Benchmark Transition Event. In the event of a 
change in the formula and/or (mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the 
Relevant Benchmark, reference shall be made to the Benchmark based on the formula 
and/or methodology as changed.
BMR means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as 
amended or replaced from time to time;
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 109 ---
109
(E)
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(D) above will be notified (in any case, not less than five Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) promptly by the Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect.
No later than notifying the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents of the 
same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying 
Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer:
a)
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii); and
b)
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date, any Benchmark Replacement is notified to the Principal 
Paying Agent or (if applicable) the Calculation Agent, and the Principal Paying Agent 
or (if applicable) the Calculation Agent is in any way uncertain as to the application of 
such Benchmark Replacement in the calculation or determination of any Rate of 
Interest, it shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, in writing as to 
which course of action to adopt in the application of such Benchmark Replacement in 
the determination of such Rate of Interest. If the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is not promptly provided with such direction, it 
shall notify the Issuer thereof, and the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. For the avoidance of 
doubt, for the period that the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, remains uncertain of the application of the Benchmark Replacement in 
the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest, the original Benchmark and 
any other applicable fallback provisions provided for in this Condition 5.2 and/or the 
applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply.
(F)
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period).
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest

--- Page 110 ---
110
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2: 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 111 ---
111
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;
(vii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x 
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x 
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 112 ---
112
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(e)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate.
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange (by no later than the first day of each 
Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment 
will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are 
for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x 
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 113 ---
113
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London.
(g)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2 by the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, 
the Trustee or any agent appointed by the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
5.3
Benchmark Discontinuation
This Condition 5.3 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the Final Terms as being applicable, other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate is specified in the Final Terms as being 
"SOFR".
(a)
Independent Adviser
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5.3(b) (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
Condition 5.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.3(a) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.3.
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5.3(a) prior to the date which is ten Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.3(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.3(a).

--- Page 114 ---
114
(b)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser determines that:
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5.3); or
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.3(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5.3).
(c)
Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of Condition 5, if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there 
is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under Condition 5, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative 
course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction 
it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination.
(d)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5.3 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant 
Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5.3(e) (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.3(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading.
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee, the Agents and the Calculation 
Agent of a certificate signed by two duly authorised representatives of the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 5.3(e), the Trustee, the Agents and the Calculation Agent shall (at the expense of the 
Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect 
any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to 
or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the none of the Trustee, the Agents and the

--- Page 115 ---
115
Calculation Agent shall be obliged to agree to any Benchmark Amendments which, in its sole 
opinion, would have the effect of (i) exposing it to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; or (ii) increasing its obligations, 
responsibilities or duties, or decreasing its protections, under the Trust Deed and/or the 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (as applicable) in any way.
(e)
Notices
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.3 will be notified promptly by the
Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and each Paying Agent and, in accordance
with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a
certificate signed by two duly authorised representatives:
(i)
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor Rate or, as the
case may be, the Alternative Rate and (z) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.3;
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread; and
(iii)
certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with respect
to each of the matters above.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), the Paying Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders.
(f)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5.3(a) (Independent Adviser)
to Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback
provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b) (Rate of Interest) will continue to apply unless and
until a Benchmark Event has occurred.
(g)
Definitions
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3:
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case
may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a

--- Page 116 ---
116
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate);
(b)
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or
(c)
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate;
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period;
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments);
Benchmark Event means:
(a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or
(b)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(c)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(d)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six 
months; or
(e)
it has become unlawful for the Paying Agents, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. For the

--- Page 117 ---
117
avoidance of doubt, neither the Paying Agents nor the Trustee shall be obliged to monitor or 
inquire whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5.3(a) (Independent Adviser);
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof;
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body.
5.4
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5.1 or Condition 
5.2, each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms.
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer’s 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on 
one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, 
a Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) and delivering such notice to the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent on or prior 
to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed 
Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch 
Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised 
only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest 
Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date 
until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch 
Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change.
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 118 ---
118
Terms as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the 
relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date.
5.5
Accrual of interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue as provided in 
the Trust Deed. 
6.
PAYMENTS
6.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below: 
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
6.2
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest 
in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its 
jurisdiction)).
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date

--- Page 119 ---
119
(as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
6.3
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder 
of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.4, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;

--- Page 120 ---
120
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.
6.5
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): 
(i)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(ii)
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(b)
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which T2 is open; and
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
6.6
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and
(e)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 121 ---
121
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed at least at par by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
7.2
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 either: 
(a)
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it; or 
(b)
where a Person into which the Issuer is merged or to whom it has conveyed, transferred 
or leased all or substantially all of its assets is required to pay additional amounts, 
unless the sole purpose of such a merger would be to permit the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (i) a certificate signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and 
(ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.7 below together (if appropriate) with any interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 122 ---
122
7.3
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if Make-Whole Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer or an 
appointed Agent on its behalf equal to the higher of: 
(a)
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
(b)
as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (not including 
any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date) 
discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual 
number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the 
Reference Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, plus, in each 
case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
As used in this Condition 7.3: 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Dealers shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Reference Dealer Rate means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in 
the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third 
business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer 
by the Reference Dealers. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
(i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by 
lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or listed on the official list of the Luxembourg

--- Page 123 ---
123
Stock Exchange, such exchange will be informed once in each year of all Redeemed Notes and 
the aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding.
7.4
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period 
of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 14 to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Maturity 
Par Call Period commencing on (and including) the Maturity Par Call Period Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
7.5
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call)
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if, at any 
time after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes, 80 per cent. or any higher percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Clean-Up Call Percentage) of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes 
any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of 
a particular Series of Notes) has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and 
cancelled, (other than as a result of the Issuer exercising an Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 7.3 
at an Optional Redemption Amount that is higher than the Clean-Up Call Redemption Amount), 
the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than 
fifteen (15) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption) in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the outstanding Notes in that Series at their Clean-Up Call Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.
7.6
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note giving to the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 14, not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition 7.6 and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of 
the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder 
of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 124 ---
124
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may 
be for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by 
a Global Note the terms of which require presentation for recording changes to its nominal 
amount, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the 
Agent for notation accordingly. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be advised by the Agent 
of any such Note which has been redeemed.
A Put Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due 
date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the Put Notice.
7.7
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put)
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon 
the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 14, not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
Change of Control Put will be deemed to occur if there is an Acquisition of Control of the Issuer 
(except in the event that any person or persons referred to in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and/or (c) 
of the definition of "Acquisition of Control" below has or acquires such Control or Joint 
Control) (a Change of Control).
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the Trustee, the Agents and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying (i) that Noteholders are entitled to 
exercise the Change of Control Put; (ii) all information material to Noteholders in relation to 
the Change of Control; and (iii) the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put.
To exercise the Change of Control Put, the holder of the Notes must deliver at the specified 
office of any Principal Paying Agent on any Business Day at the place of such specified office 
falling within the period of 60 days following the date of the Change of Control Put Event 
Notice (the Change of Control Put Period), a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in 
the form (for the time being current and which may, if this Note is held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be any form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
delivered in a manner acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) obtainable from 
any specified office of any Principal Paying Agent (a Change of Control Put Notice) and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
paragraph accompanied by such Notes and all Coupons appertaining thereto or evidence 
satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent concerned that such Notes and all Coupons 
appertaining thereto will, following the delivery of the Change of Control Put Notice, be held 
to its order or under its control. 
A Change of Control Put Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
Change of Control Put Notice.
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control has occurred, or 
any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control has

--- Page 125 ---
125
occurred and, until it shall have received express written notice to the contrary, the Trustee may 
assume that no Change of Control or other such event has occurred.
In this Condition:
Acquisition of Control means, with respect to the Issuer, the acquisition, either by way of 
public tender offer, private arrangement or otherwise, of Control of the Issuer by any third party 
other than:
(a)
any shareholder of the Issuer holding directly or indirectly as at the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes more than 9 per cent. of the voting rights exercisable in the 
ordinary shareholders meeting of the Issuer; and/or
(b)
the direct or indirect majority shareholder of, and/or any company or entity participated 
in and controlled by, such shareholder as at the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes; and/or
(c)
any single shareholder or combination of shareholders referred to in subparagraph (a) 
and/or (b) above (Permitted Acquiring Shareholders), also acting jointly with any 
third parties provided that in such case the Permitted Acquiring Shareholders hold at 
least Joint Control of the Issuer;
provided that notwithstanding the foregoing a transaction will not be deemed to involve an 
Acquisition of Control solely as a result of the Issuer becoming a direct or indirect wholly-
owned subsidiary of a holding company if (x) the direct or indirect holders of the voting rights 
exercisable in the ordinary shareholders meeting of such holding company immediately 
following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of voting rights exercisable 
in the ordinary shareholders meeting of the Issuer immediately prior to that transaction or (y) 
immediately following that transaction no third party (other than a holding company satisfying 
the requirements of this sentence) has Control of such holding company.
Control of a company or corporation shall be construed as the power (whether by way of 
ownership of shares, proxy, contract or other binding arrangement) to:
(a)
cast, or control the casting of, more than one-half of the maximum number of votes that 
might be cast at a general meeting of that company or corporation; or
(b)
 appoint and remove all, or the majority, of the directors of that company or 
corporation; or
(c)
give directions with respect to the operating and financial policies of that company or 
corporation which the directors of that company or corporation are obliged to comply 
with, 
pursuant to subparagraphs 1(1) and 1(2) of article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code.
Controlling Rights means the power to exercise Control in respect of the Issuer.
Joint Control means a situation where two or more parties:
(a)
collectively Control the Issuer; and
(b)
no one party individually (or collectively with its affiliates) Controls the Issuer; and

--- Page 126 ---
126
each such party has the power to prevent, including, without limitation, by means of veto 
powers, the other parties from exercising their Controlling Rights with respect to the Issuer.
7.8
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10: 
(a)
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms; and
(b)
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) expressed as a 
decimal; and 
y
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will 
be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number 
of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 
30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will 
be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.9
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
7.10
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All 
Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to 
the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 127 ---
127
7.11
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4 or 7.5 above or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided 
in Condition 7.8(b) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the 
date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references 
to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
8.
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable: 
(a)
in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder 
who is liable for such taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the holder 
having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon; or 
(b)
in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would 
have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such 
thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in 
Condition 6.5); or 
(c)
with respect to any Note or Coupon for or on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant 
to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (Decree No. 239) and any related 
implementing regulations, each as amended and/or supplemented from time to time or 
superseded as at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of 
the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amount shall be payable by the Issuer with 
respect to any Note or Coupon for or on account of imposta sostitutiva if the holder 
becomes subject to imposta sostitutiva after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes by reason of an amendment or supplement to or 
replacement of the list of countries which provide for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Republic of Italy, according to Article 6 of Decree No. 239 and

--- Page 128 ---
128
any related implementing regulations, each, as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time or superseded as at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Notes; or 
(d)
in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder if 
such withholding or deduction may be avoided by such holder producing a declaration 
or other evidence of non-residence in the Relevant Jurisdiction to the relevant taxing 
authority or making any other claim or filing, but fails to do so.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be 
paid on the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any 
deduction or withholding: (i) imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the Code, or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or any official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any 
such withholding or deduction, a FATCA Withholding). Neither the Issuer nor any 
other person will be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA 
Withholding.
As used herein: 
(i)
Relevant Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy and/or such other taxing 
jurisdiction to which the Issuer becomes subject by reason of its tax residence, 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax; and 
(ii)
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14. 
9.
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of 
interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
6.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction) (but only if, except in relation to paragraph 10.1(a) below, the Trustee shall 
have certified in writing to the Issuer that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to

--- Page 129 ---
129
the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing to the Issuer that the Notes are, and the 
Notes shall thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the following 
events (each an Event of Default) shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a)
Non-payment: default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 10 days in the case 
of principal and 30 days in the case of interest; or 
(b)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other 
obligations under these Conditions or the Trust Deed and the failure continues for the 
period of 60 days next following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c)
Cross-default of Issuer: 
(i)
any Capital Markets Indebtedness of the Issuer in excess of €100,000,000 (or 
the equivalent thereof in other currencies) has to be repaid prematurely due to 
a default under its terms; or
(ii)
the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation exceeding €100,000,000 (or 
the equivalent thereof in other currencies) under any Capital Markets 
Indebtedness of the Issuer, or under any guarantee provided for any such 
Capital Markets Indebtedness in excess of €100,000,000 (or the equivalent 
thereof in other currencies) of others, and such failure continues for a period 
of 30 days; or 
(iii)
any security or guarantee relating to Capital Markets Indebtedness in excess of 
€100,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) provided by the 
Issuer is enforced by the lenders and such enforcement is not contested in good 
faith by the Issuer or the Issuer publicly announces its inability to meet its 
financial obligations; or 
(d)
Insolvency: 
(i)
a court opens insolvency or equivalent proceedings against the Issuer which 
are not resolved within six months, unless such proceedings are frivolous or 
vexatious and contested in good faith and appropriately and do not result in 
court orders or the Issuer applies for such insolvency or equivalent 
proceedings; or 
(ii)
the Issuer approves a resolution pursuant to which it goes into liquidation 
unless this is done in connection with a merger, or other form of combination 
with another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer, in connection with the Notes and the Trust Deed.
As used herein, “Capital Markets Indebtedness” shall have the same meaning as provided 
under Condition 3.
10.2
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the 
Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation

--- Page 130 ---
130
to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or 
pre-funded and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within 90 days, and the failure 
shall be continuing. 
11.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of 
such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12.
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms.
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change 
in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; and
(b)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such places as the rules of the relevant stock exchange require (which, if the relevant 
stock exchange is the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be Luxembourg); and
(c)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.4. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in 
certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become 
the successor agent. 
13.
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such

--- Page 131 ---
131
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9. 
14.
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London (it is expected that such 
publication will be made in the Financial Times in London) and (b) if and for so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with any applicable laws and regulations and with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing including publication on the website 
of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such 
other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there will, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
15.
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION, 
DETERMINATION AND SUBSTITUTION 
15.1
Meetings in respect of Notes 
The Trust Deed contains provisions consistent with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations 
of the Republic of Italy (including without limitation Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended) for convening meetings of the Noteholders (which may be at a physical 
location or by way of conference call or videoconference) to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including any modifications of the Conditions or of any provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The above provisions are subject to compliance with mandatory laws, rules and regulations of 
the Republic of Italy in force from time to time.

--- Page 132 ---
132
The quorum and the majorities for passing resolutions at any such meetings are established by 
Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and the 
Issuer’s by-laws.
Resolutions passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. In accordance with 
the Italian Civil Code, a rappresentante comune, being a joint representative of Noteholders, 
may be appointed in accordance with Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent 
the Noteholders’ interest hereunder and to give execution to the resolutions of the meeting of 
the Noteholders. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 15.1) as 
the principal debtor under the Notes, Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being 
(i) a Subsidiary of the Issuer, subject to the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Issuer or (ii) any entity that may succeed to, or to which the Issuer (or any 
previous substitute under this Condition 15.1) may transfer, all or substantially all of the assets 
and business of the Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 15.1) by operation 
of law, contract or otherwise, in any case under (i) and (ii) above subject to (a) the Trustee being 
satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the 
substitution and (b) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with.  
As long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in the case of 
such a substitution, the Issuer will advise the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus will be prepared and the Noteholders will be notified in accordance with 
Condition 14.
As used herein, “Subsidiary” shall have the same meaning as provided under Condition 3.
15.2
Waiver, authorisation, determination and exercise by the Trustee of discretions etc. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of 
the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as 
aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any 
such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or to correct an error which is manifest or, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven. In addition, 
the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to 
effect any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 
5.3(d) without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders. Any such modification, 
waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class 
(but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled

--- Page 133 ---
133
or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory or any political subdivision thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor 
shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any 
other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided 
for in Condition 8 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution 
for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
15.3
Notification to the Noteholders
Any such modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution shall 
be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, 
any such modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter.
16.
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH 
THE ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified to its 
satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, 
(a) to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as 
trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer 
and/or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations 
and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any 
such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or 
Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other 
amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
17.
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18.
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19.
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons are 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, save for Condition 15 and the 
provisions of the Trust Deed concerning the meeting of Noteholders and the appointment of the

--- Page 134 ---
134
rappresentante comune in respect of the Notes which are subject to compliance with Italian 
law. 
19.2
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a)
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of 
their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly 
each of the Issuer, the Trustee and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders 
waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.
19.3
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Laurentia Financial Services Limited, 23 Helena Road, London 
NW10 1HY as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in 
relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Laurentia Financial Services Limited 
being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person 
approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. 
The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate 
service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law.

--- Page 135 ---
135
USE OF PROCEEDS
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes, as well as for any other purpose as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 136 ---
136
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
The legal name of the company is Telecom Italia S.p.A. also named “TIM S.p.A.”. 
The Annual Shareholders Meeting held on 25 May 2016 approved an amendment to the company’s by-
laws, permitting the company to be named “Telecom Italia S.p.A.” or “TIM S.p.A.”. 
TIM is a joint-stock company established under Italian law on 29 October 1908, with registered offices 
in Milan at Via Gaetano Negri 1. The telephone number is +39 (02) 85951. TIM is recorded in the 
Milan Companies Register at number 00488410010, R.E.A. (Repertorio Economico Amministrativo) 
at number 1580695 and R.A.E.E. (Rifiuti di Apparecchiature Elettriche ed Elettroniche) register at 
number IT08020000000799. 
The duration of TIM, as stated in the company’s by-laws, extends until 31 December 2100. 
TIM’s website is https://www.gruppotim.it/en.html. 
The information on https://www.gruppotim.it/en.html does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except 
where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
After the effectiveness of the demerger of Telco S.p.A. (previously the largest shareholder of TIM and 
whose investors were Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Mediobanca S.p.A. and 
Telefónica S.A.), on 24 June 2015, Vivendi, an integrated media and content group based in France, 
became TIM’s largest shareholder with an ownership stake in TIM equal to 14.9% of Ordinary Shares. 
In the following years, Vivendi further increased its shareholding in TIM and, as of 31 December 2024, 
Vivendi holds 23.75% of the ordinary share capital of TIM. Vivendi does not hold Savings Shares and 
does not have different voting rights in meetings of ordinary shareholders of TIM.
Disposal of NetCo
At its meeting of 6 July 2022, TIM's Board of Directors approved the strategic objective of reorganizing 
the Company with the aim of leaving behind the Company’s vertical integration.
In November 2023, the Board of Directors of TIM S.p.A., following an extensive and in-depth 
examination, conducted with the assistance of leading financial and legal advisors, examined and then 
accepted the binding offer submitted on 16 October 2023 by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. 
(KKR) for the purchase of TIM’s fixed network assets and the shareholdings held in FiberCop and 
Telenergia by Optics BidCo S.p.A. (Optics BidCo)  (a subsidiary of KKR).
In execution of the resolutions adopted, TIM S.p.A. therefore signed a transaction agreement (the 
Transaction Agreement) with Optics BidCo that governed:

the transfer by TIM S.p.A. of a business unit (the Business Unit) – consisting of the activities
relating to the primary network, the wholesale business and the entire shareholding in the subsidiary
NetCo – to FiberCop, a company that already manages the activities relating to the secondary fibre
and copper network; and

the simultaneous purchase by Optics Bidco of the entire shareholding held by TIM S.p.A. in
FiberCop itself, following the aforementioned transfer,
together, the NetCo Transactions.

--- Page 137 ---
137
The Transaction Agreement provided that on the closing date of the NetCo Transactions on 1 July 2024 (the 
Acquisition Closing Date), (i) an agreement governing the supply of certain services from TIM to NetCo 
and from NetCo to TIM would be entered into between the parties for a limited time to help ensure both 
entities orderly transitions following the completion of the NetCo Transactions (the Transitional Services 
Agreement) and (ii) a further master services agreement (the Master Services Agreement or MSA) was 
entered into, pursuant to which NetCo agreed to provide or procure certain services to TIM and TIM agreed 
to provide or procure certain services to NetCo. 
The Transaction Agreement also provided that the consideration for the sale of the equity interest could 
be partially paid through the transfer of part of the TIM Group's debt at the closing of the NetCo 
transaction (so-called liability management).
In particular, the three "Exchange Offers" for the bonds issued by TIM S.p.A., Telecom Italia Finance 
S.A. and Telecom Italia Capital S.A., launched on 18 April 2024, were completed on 21 May 2024 for 
a nominal value of 3,669,680,000 euros for the bonds issued by TIM S.p.A. and Telecom Italia Finance 
S.A., and for a nominal value of USD 2,000,011,000 for the bonds issued by Telecom Italia Capital 
S.A.. The new notes issued by the three companies have substantially the same terms as the 
corresponding series of Original Notes, including insofar as their maturities, interest rates, interest 
payment dates and restrictive covenants. The exception will be in their Acquisition Exchange provisions 
and their minimum denomination provisions, where applicable. These were traded on the Closing date 
by means of a mandatory automatic exchange of debt from the TIM Group to the counterparty, which 
became the bond holder.
The authorisations required for the completion of the transaction included the following:

authorization on distortionary foreign subsidies and authorization under the Golden Power 
framework (obtained in January 2024);

authorization of the divestment from the European Commission (obtained in May 2024).
Following those authorisations, TIM S.p.A. made the transfer of the Business Unit to FiberCop with 
effect on 1 July 2024. Also on 1 July 2024, TIM S.p.A. sold to Optics Bidco its entire stake in the share 
capital of FiberCop and signed the above-mentioned master services agreement with FiberCop.
* * *
As of 31 December 2024, on the basis of the results of the Shareholders’ Register, the communications 
made to Consob and to TIM pursuant to art. 120 of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 
1998 and other available information, the significant shareholdings, higher than 3%, in the ordinary 
share capital of TIM S.p.A. are:
As of 31 December 2024
Type of 
ownership
No. Ordinary 
Shares
% of ordinary share 
capital
Vivendi S.A.
(direct)
3,640,109,990
23.75
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A
(direct)
1,503,750,000
 9.81
On 19 February 2025, the “Notification of Major Shareholding - Form 120A” was received, indicating 
the significant shareholding of Poste Italiane S.p.A. instead of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A., for the 
same percentage.

--- Page 138 ---
138
On 21 March 2025, the “Notification of Major Shareholding - Form 120A” was received indicating a 
change in shareholding of Vivendi S.A. to 18.374% of ordinary share capital. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus shareholders’ ownership is:
Type of 
ownership
No. Ordinary 
Shares
% of ordinary share 
capital
Vivendi S.A.
(direct)
2,816,624,910
18.374
Poste Italiane S.p.A.
(direct)
1,503,750,000
 9.81
TIM complies with applicable Italian corporate governance rules. For additional details on corporate 
governance of the TIM Group, reference should be made to the corporate website: 
https://www.gruppotim.it/en.html, (section “Group” / “Governance” / “Governance tools” / “Corporate 
Governance Report”), where the Annual report on corporate governance is available. 
TIM’s business objectives can be found in Article 3 of its by-laws. 
Overview of the TIM Group’s Major Business Areas
TIM is the parent company of the TIM Group.
The following is a chart of the TIM Group’s Business Units as of 31 December 2024:
(*)
Business Unit.
TIM Group
Domestic (Italy)(*)
Brazil(*)
TIM Brasil Serviços e Participações S.A.
- TIM S.A.
TIM Consumer
TIM Enterprise 
Wholesale International Market:
Telecom Italia Sparkle Group
- Telecom Italia Sparkle S.p.A.
- South American subsidiaries
- European subsidiaries
Other

--- Page 139 ---
139
Share Capital
The table below contains a breakdown of the share capital of TIM as at 31 December 2024:
Number of 
Shares
Value
(€)
Issued, paid and relevant filing made with the 
Company Register
Ordinary Shares (1)........................................................
15,329,466,496 
8,381,329,775.88 
Savings Shares (1) .........................................................
6,027,791,699 
3,295,673,079.22
Total .............................................................................
21,357,258,195 
11,677,002,855.10 
___________________
Note:
(1)
All shares are without par value.
Business Unit 
Key financial data prepared in accordance with IFRS as of 31 December 2024
As at 31 December 2024, the TIM Group was organised by business segments as follows:
(i)
Domestic Business Unit: includes operations in Italy for voice and data services on fixed and 
mobile networks for end customers (retail) and other operators (MVNOs); the operations of the 
Telecom Italia Sparkle group, which, at international level (Europe, the Mediterranean and South 
America), develops fibre optic networks for wholesale customers; the operations of Noovle 
S.p.A. (Cloud and Edge Computing solutions), the activities of Olivetti (products and services 
for Information Technology) and Domestic sector support structures. 
The principal operating and financial data of the Domestic Business Unit are reported according 
to the following cash-generating unit (CGU):

TIM Consumer: The reference perimeter is made up of the set of telephone and 
internet services and products managed and developed in Fixed and Mobile for 
individuals and families (from public telephony, caring activities and administrative 
management of customers) and for customers of SMEs (Small and Medium 
Enterprises) and SOHO (Small Office Home Office) and for the other MVNOs; it 
includes the company TIM Retail, which coordinates the activities of its stores; 

TIM Enterprise: The reference perimeter consists of the set of connectivity services 
and products and ICT solutions managed and developed for Top, Public Sector and 
Large Account customers. The following companies are included: Olivetti, TI Trust 
Technologies, Telsy and Noovle.

Wholesale International Market: includes the activities of the Telecom Italia Sparkle 
Group, which operates in the market for international voice, data and internet services 
for fixed and mobile telecommunications operators, ISPs/ASPs (wholesale market) and 
multinational companies through its own networks in the European, Mediterranean and 
South American markets;

Other: includes the financial companies Telecom Italia Capital S.A. and Telecom Italia 
Finance S.A.  and other support activities carried out by minor companies.

--- Page 140 ---
140
(ii)
TIM’s business unit in Brazil (the Brazil Business Unit).  The Brazil Business Unit (TIM Brasil 
Group) provides mobile phone services, fiber optic data transmission using full IP technology 
and residential broadband services. In addition, the TIM Brasil group provides IoT services 
focused on the Agri-food, Industry, Logistics and Utilities sectors.
The table below sets forth revenues, operating profit (loss) and capital expenditures by Business Units, 
for each of the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 and number of employees as of 31 December 
2024 and 31 December 2023:
Domestic
Brazil
Other 
Adjustments and 
eliminations
Consolidated 
Total
(millions of euro, except number of employees)
Revenues (1)
2024
10,111
4,366
-
(35)
14,442
2023
9,937
4,412
-
(38)
14,311
Operating profit (loss)
2024
589
960
(6)
2
1,545
2023
516
833
(8)
1
1,342
Capital expenditures on an accrual basis
2024
1,349
780
-
-
2,129
2023
1,334
834
-
-
2,168
Number of employees at year-end (2)
2024
17,751
9,123
13
-
26,887
2023
37,901
9,267
12
-
47,180
___________________
(1) Revenues are total revenues of the various business units of the TIM Group before elimination of intercompany sales (but after elimination 
of sales between companies within the same major business area).
(2) The number of employees at year-end excludes employees related to the consolidated companies considered as Discontinued 
operations/Non-current assets held for sale, and includes personnel with temporary work contracts.

--- Page 141 ---
141
2024 - A transformational year
2024 was a year of profound transformation for TIM, able to drastically redefine both its perimeter 
and its financial profile by achieving all the indicated targets and key transactions:

the guidance for the fiscal year 2024 was achieved as indicated to the financial community;

the multi-year project of the sale of the access network and wholesale activities (NetCo) to KKR 
was completed;

the sale allowed for a drastic reduction of financial debt; 

linked to the sale the largest-ever EU liability management exercise was completed; and

also, the sale of the residual stake in INWIT was completed.
TIM therefore closed 2024 by meeting or exceeding the Group guidance provided to the market for 
the third consecutive year. The Group’s new structure is now driving improved performance in the 
domestic market, while operational efficiency and cash generation continue to grow in the Brazilian 
market.
Events after 31 December 2024
On 12 February 2025, TIM’s Board of Directors approved the binding offer submitted by the MEF and 
Retelit on 11 February 2025, for the purchase of TIM’s 100% stake in Sparkle, valued at 700 million 
euros.
The signing will take place by 11 April 2025 and the sale is expected to be finalized by the first quarter 
of 2026, once the preparatory activities, including obtaining Antitrust and Golden Power authorizations, 
will be completed.
Strategy
2025-2027 Strategic Plan
On 12 February 2025, TIM’s Board of Directors approved the 2025-2027 Strategic Plan. The updated 
plan has been built on the previous one and aims to position the Group as the best and biggest digital 
and Telco platform in Italy, and as the most efficient TLC operator in Brazil.
Strategic Priorities and Objectives
The key elements that are embedded in the current Strategic Plan can be summarized along five 
directions:

Core Business Consolidation: Focus on Customer value management with a strong push 
on new access technologies and shift to a digital service model.

Focus on Growth Areas: Accelerate in a growing ICT market driven by the digital 
transition. Capture upsides beyond connectivity building on customer base and go-to-
market capabilities.

A Data-Driven Company: Drive process automation and digitalization, use AI and 
analytics for better service and value creation.

Cost Transformation: Continue Cost Model Transformation leveraging a simplified 
perimeter and incorporating AI-driven efficiency.

Efficient Capital Allocation: Prioritize investing in distinctive assets and strengthening 
of market position, potentially exploring inorganic options. 
With regard to the individual entities comprising the TIM Group, the industrial plan sets out the 
following strategic lines:

--- Page 142 ---
142

TIM Consumer: core business revenues will continue to stabilize, with an improvement in the 
downward trend in lines and growth in ARPU, and with greater customer convergence between 
fixed and mobile. In parallel, the ‘Customer Platform’ model will accelerate by expanding 
current services, launching utilities for small and medium-sized businesses in 2025, expected 
to generate 200 million euros in cumulative revenues by 2027, and other high value-added 
sectors in 2026, resulting in ‘Beyond Connectivity’ revenue growth of more than 10% over the 
plan period. Investments on the mobile network will enable accelerated development of 5G, 
with the support under the national recovery and resilience plan originally presented by Italy to 
the European Commission on 13 July 2021, as amended (the NRRP), which leverages the 
country's biggest spectrum and data transport network, and customer migration to FTTH will 
continue. In the Consumer and Small Medium Business (SMB) segments, the TIM Group is 
engaged in strengthening its premium positioning with a greater focus on the retention of its 
customer base and the penetration of ICT solutions among target customers.

TIM Enterprise: Leveraging its unique positioning and competitive advantages, the 
acceleration of service revenues driven by further expansion in the ICT market will continue, 
with an evolution of offerings toward higher value-added services, amplified by positioning on 
key growth sectors (Cloud, Internet-enabled devices and sensors (IoT), Cybersecurity). The 
revenue mix includes a stable absolute value contribution from the connectivity business and 
growth in information and communications technology (ICT) revenues, which will exceed 70% 
of total revenues. The value of contracts is expected to grow to over 5 billion euros in 2027. On 
the Cloud, TIM Enterprise will continue to invest in its Data Center network, with a new facility 
operational by the end of 2026 to be added to the existing 16, plus the upgrading of two more 
Data Centers, for a total of about 200 million euros in investments over the plan period, 
increasing installed capacity by more than 25%.
Network Technology & Infrastructure
Following the NetCo Disposal, TIM still retains a unique set of technological assets to ensure the 
offering of distinctive services in all Consumer, SMB and Enterprise sectors: the mobile network with 
the widest spectrum of 5G frequencies for enhanced connectivity, managing the largest data transport 
network in the country, the most extensive footprint across the national territory, 16 data centres, a 
broad ecosystem of proprietary capabilities in  Content, Cloud, IoT and automation, Cybersecurity, and 
Digital Trust.  TIM is advancing its IT Platform towards a flexible, scalable (cloud-based), secure 
architecture capable of enabling a "data-driven company".
The network evolution will focus on several key elements. In Q4 2024, a network transformation project 
was launched to simplify, rationalise, and renew networks and platforms, aiming to reduce recurring 
management costs like colocation, maintenance, and service contracts. Network modernisation will 
include migrating platforms to the cloud, developing multi-cloud infrastructure, and adopting a "pay-
as-you-go" model. Automation will evolve management systems, using AI to reduce manual tasks. TIM 
will also leverage Network as a Service (NaaS) to offer integrated, "zero-touch" services for 
connectivity, data centers, and security. Additionally, 5G coverage will improve, particularly at 
700MHz, with better monitoring of customer experience. Finally, TIM's vision and CDN will evolve 
with new technologies to accelerate business growth. 
Information Technology 
The IT evolution vision for 2027 aims to establish a "Digital Lean Company" simplifying business and 
processes at the Consumer and SMB levels while enhancing the Enterprise segment with a renewed 
ICT catalog, standardised cloud services, high-performance Data Centers, and optimised automated 
processes.

--- Page 143 ---
143
The target model, modern and future-proof, includes standard capabilities such as API/SaaS-based 
solutions, which are easily integrable and interchangeable, as well as differentiating capabilities. This 
modern, future-proof model will integrate API/SaaS-based solutions, ensuring interoperability and 
flexibility. At the application level, the focus is on delivering a seamless digital experience across all 
channels through a unified data platform with structured and unstructured data, a single governance 
framework, and advanced analytics. At the infrastructure level, open-source solutions and hyperscale 
capabilities will be leveraged, standardising frameworks and processes while operating Tier 4-level 
Data Centers.
The IT transformation path is structured around: (i) the "IT Reload" initiative focuses on renewing the 
operating model by reviewing processes, organisational structures, and supplier sourcing strategies, 
alongside structural cost optimisation in software licensing, cloud migration, and core infrastructure 
and (ii) the "IT Transformation" initiative will accelerate digital transformation by advancing the 
Data-to-Cloud journey, enhancing digital channels, and modernising customer platforms. Additionally, 
it will manage core process evolution by integrating operations post-FiberCop carve-out, implementing 
Lean IT principles, and modernising key systems such as Prepaid, Credit, and Mainframe technologies.
The ultimate goal is to create an agile and integrated IT system that supports all business segments 
through standardised and efficient processes, modernised technology, and a robust digital foundation. 
This transformation will enhance customer experience, drive efficiency, and ensure TIM remains 
competitive in an evolving digital landscape. 
TIM Brasil 
TIM Brasil’s contribution to the new plan builds on the solid results of recent years, confirming the 
consistency of its strategy. Further revenue growth is expected, at a rate above inflation, together with 
consolidation of market leadership, including through expansion of key vertical markets and a focus on 
cost efficiency and digitisation of services.
For the Brazilian market, the TIM Group aims at improving revenues and selective growth, while 
maintaining financial discipline. To achieve this goal, it seeks to strengthen its market position by 
leveraging mobile telephony to increase broadband usage and by exploiting opportunities arising from 
emerging technologies and customer behaviour changes. In respect of its strategic efforts regarding 
broadband, it is seeking to increase its presence in the residential broadband market by investing 
significant efforts and resources to expand its footprint and the density of its fibre optic broadband 
service (FTTx), by providing a higher-speed fixed connection closer to the customer residence, under 
the brand TIM UltraFibra (formally TIM Live), and launching its fixed broadband service through 
mobile network where the TIM Group offers broadband through long-term evolution (LTE) or 4G or 
5G wireless communication networks as a type of fixed wireless access (FWA). The provision of fibre 
optic broadband service is a highly capital-intensive business that brings a long-term return on 
investments and increases the risks to the TIM Group’s operation. To mitigate such risk while boosting 
fibre infrastructure and market access, TIM Brasil created FiberCo and sought a strategic partner. After 
regulatory approvals, TIM Brasil acquired a controlling stake in FiberCo (now I-Systems), aiming to 
accelerate residential broadband growth and unlock infrastructure value through an open network 
approach and focused operations. However, as a new business, residential broadband also brings new 
risks, particularly related to market response and customer behaviour, that could negatively impact the 
use of the TIM Group’s mobile network resources.
Further developments will be driven by:

core business growth by being the preferred mobile operator through maintaining the best network, 
enhancing digital ecosystem offerings with a refreshed strategy, and evolving the customer journey 
to improve overall service. In broadband, the focus will be on optimising operations and staying 
attuned to market changes.

--- Page 144 ---
144

Capturing opportunities in new avenues, particularly by expanding B2B. This includes focusing on 
key verticals like agribusiness, logistics, and utilities, expanding the total addressable market by 
adding new verticals, scaling up commercial activities, and increasing IoT solutions while exploring 
ICT expansion through M&A.

ensuring strict discipline in capital allocation and expenditure by adopting zero-based budgeting, 
optimising make vs. buy decisions, continuously improving tower leases to manage inflation, 
deploying capex to strengthen the network, and increasing AI adoption to boost productivity. 
Financial Targets
The TIM Group’s financial targets (organic data, excluding Sparkle and the effect of the reimbursement 
of the 1998 concession fee) are set out below:

Group revenues to rise by approximately 3% on average per annum over the entire plan period 
(CAGR 2024-2027) from 13.7 billion euros pro-forma in 2024; for TIM Domestic revenues to 
grow by 2-3% on average per annum over the three-year period from 9.4 billion euros pro-
forma in 2024. For 2025, Group revenues are expected to grow by 2-3%, and by 1-2% for TIM 
Domestic.

Group organic EBITDA After Lease to rise 6-7% per annum on average over the entire plan 
period (CAGR 2024-2027) from 3.6 billion euros pro-forma in 2024; for TIM Domestic, 
EBITDA After Lease to grow by 5-6% on average per annum over the three-year period from 
1.9 billion euros pro-forma in 2024. For 2025, Group organic EBITDA After Lease to grow by 
approximately 7%, and 5-6% for TIM Domestic.

Group Capex about 14% of revenues in 2025, falling to about 13% in 2027; TIM Domestic 
Capex of 12-13% in 2025, falling to about 11% in 2027.

Equity Free Cash Flow After Lease of approximately 0.5 billion euros in 2025 approximately 
0.9 billion euros in 2026, and approximately 1.1 billion euros in 2027, for a total of 
approximately 2.5 billion euros accumulated over the plan period.

Organic reduction in Group debt, with a Net Debt After Lease/EBITDA After Lease ratio 
of less than 1.9x in 2025.
Leverage will be further reduced thanks to cash generation as per the plan, and shareholder 
remuneration will be resumed, while maintaining financial flexibility and a solid capital structure.
The Group expects continued decline in debt for the two years 2026-2027, with a potential leverage of 
1.1x. 
TIM will be able to seize all the opportunities that the evolution of its financial position will offer, 
confirming its commitment to keep leverage below 1.7x at the end of 2027, which is a “best in class” 
level among European peers.
For financial years 2026 and 2027, TIM aims to remunerate its shareholders with an amount equal to 
about 70% of Equity Free Cash Flow After Lease, net of dividends for TIM Brasil’s minority 
shareholders, resulting in a remuneration of approximately 0.5 billion euros in 2027 and approximately 
0.6 billion euros in 2028. During 2026, the company also aims to an extraordinary remuneration from 
the sale of Sparkle, equal to about 50% of the proceeds (about 0.35 billion euros).
Shareholders’ remuneration subjected to availability of distributable reserves, Board of Directors’ and 
Shareholders’ approval.
CAPEX
The Group will invest around 6 billion euros over the plan period, aiming to consolidate its leadership 
and distinctive offerings in areas such as 5G, Cloud, IoT and artificial intelligence.

--- Page 145 ---
145
Transformation Plan
At the Domestic level, the plan includes an extension of the cost transformation project, with a 
cumulative target of additional cost and investment reduction of over 700 million euros to 2027, driven 
by the simplification and downsizing of cost structures. There will be a focus on efficiency in the 
Consumer area and internalisation of resources and skills in the Enterprise area, with the aim of 
mitigating cost trends related to the change in revenue mix.
The Plan will take a holistic approach across the entire Domestic perimeter, focusing on four key 
dimensions. (i) The digital transformation will be accelerated by enhancing presence and offerings on 
digital channels (App, Web, Customer Care), updating legacy systems, and migrating them to the cloud. 
(ii) Business initiatives will focus on strengthening services and offerings to remain competitive in the 
market, ensuring sustainable growth and margin expansion. (iii) The operating model will be 
restructured by optimising processes and make-or-buy strategies, also leveraging artificial intelligence. 
(iv) A cultural shift will be promoted, fostering lateral thinking, a data-driven mindset, and an overall 
culture of innovation. 
ESG
The TIM Group’s strategy is driven by the desire to implement an important transformation of operating 
models, processes and the ecosystem of rules to provide the company with a stronger operational and 
financial structure and make it more resilient in the current market consolidation phase.
This context includes the Group’s ESG vision, perfectly integrated into the Plan, aimed at ensuring that 
the transformation simultaneously generates a significant, tangible and measurable environmental and 
social impact. 
The environmental impact represents an opportunity to improve the company’s operational efficiency 
and to adopt advanced processes and technologies. This means optimizing energy and resource 
consumption, reducing operating costs, meeting increasingly strict regulations and minimizing risks 
associated with possible sanctions. In this context, technological innovation not only strengthens the 
Group’s position on the market but also promotes greater resilience and adaptability.
The social impact, in the same way, involves for TIM the obligation to make organizational adjustments 
that respond to the main social trends, such as the evolution of working models, attention to internal 
organization with a view to overcoming the gender gap and the new needs of consumers. These 
adjustments make it possible to strengthen TIM’s competitiveness, attract and retain the best talent and 
respond proactively to structural changes in the company.
This approach therefore represents a distinctive and strategic element, capable of promoting operational 
efficiency, stimulating innovation and ensuring effective risk management and control. At the same 
time, it makes it possible to exploit the opportunities deriving from the adoption of new technologies, 
the development of advanced operating models and the response to constantly evolving needs.
The Group's sustainability strategy outlined in the Plan is based on four main pillars which aim to:

develop efficient and sustainable infrastructure (5G, fiber, data centers) by obtaining 
environmental certifications, strengthening the use of renewable energy, including through self-
generating solar energy plants for data centers and network infrastructure elements, the 
reduction of emissions and resources through a long-term transition plan that also involves the 
production chain;

--- Page 146 ---
146

ensure cybersecurity and prevent attacks on infrastructure and customer data by increasing the 
robustness and quality of control codes for IT solutions, automating test planning activities and 
detecting anomalies at the entry points of business systems;

addressing the challenges and opportunities related to technological transformation by 
increasing investments in ICT, accelerating the adoption of artificial intelligence through the 
liberalization of licenses and the customization of solutions for complex processes, and by 
retraining and hiring talents; 

create a work environment that values skills and merit, ensuring equity and integrity as key 
principles for growth by introducing career development paths, increasing the presence of 
women and people of color (in Brazil) in leadership positions, strengthening female 
recruitment, implementing an equal pay monitoring system for all new hires starting in 2024.
Consistently with the strategic pillars TIM Group has established specific targets:
TIM reaffirms its commitment to driving change toward gender equality (target of 35.5% female 
managers by 2027, with full gender parity maintained on the Boards of Directors of Group companies).  
Environmental targets (100% renewable energy by 2025 and Net Zero by 2040) represent an 
opportunity for the Group to further optimise the consumption energy and other resources, reduce 
operating costs and minimise risks related to energy price fluctuations, and enhance the leadership on 
environmental impact in competitive scenarios, consistently with the regulation.
The Group is targeting 17% growth per year in innovative services in Italy, with the goal of further 
strengthening the deployment of solutions with high social and environmental impact, such as 
applications for smart cities and digitisation of the public administration, i.e. services that will enact the 
Italian digital transition. Finally, the Group’s target on the growth of digital identity services in Italy is 
set to +30% CAGR 2023-25.
In conclusion, the 2025-2027 strategic plan integrates business and financial objectives with ESG 
targets that aim to create a working environment fit for the ongoing drive for innovation present in the 
global market, while also promoting operational efficiency, stimulating innovation, and ensuring 
effective risk management and control.

--- Page 147 ---
147
Competition in the domestic market
The market 
In 2023, the Italian telecommunications (TLC) market showed a slight increase in revenues (+0.8% 
YoY) solely attributable to the growth of fixed revenues (+4.4% YoY) and despite the decline in mobile 
(-4.1% YoY)5.
These dynamics take place in a context characterised, on the one hand, by a strong increase in 
consumption (particularly data traffic) and, on the other, by a continuous decline in the prices of 
telecommunications services and devices, contrary to the trend observed in the national consumer price 
index. Indeed, the market remained highly competitive, with a telecommunications price index 
constantly decreasing year on year (-6.6% YoY as of September 2024), despite the simultaneous growth 
of the general consumer price index (+0.8% YoY)6.
The development of broadband and ultrabroadband continued to be the main element of the evolution 
of the market, favouring the progressive increase in traffic carried by the networks, both for fixed lines 
(16.2% increase in overall daily traffic in the fixed network in the first nine months of 2024) and for 
mobile (15.4% increase in overall daily traffic in the mobile network in the first nine months of 2024)6.
A large part of this traffic is generated by the services offered by Over the Top (OTT), which do not 
contribute to the development of the Internet infrastructure to the same extent as the traffic generated 
on it. This is why the TLC operators have been asking the European Commission for some time to 
provide for a contribution mechanism on the part of the OTTs in favour of the operators capable of 
compensating for the imbalance between the level of traffic generated in the networks and the 
contribution made to their development and maintenance (so-called Fair Share).
Following this request, the Commission launched a series of initiatives, including the inclusion of some 
questions on Fair Share in the consultation launched on the future of the electronic communications 
sector and related infrastructures.
With regards to the current positioning of the telecommunications operators in convergent markets, 
certain trends are seen, already mentioned above with different levels of evolution:

the development of new services in the sector of media and entertainment (TV, Music, Gaming) 
and new digital services (smart home, digital advertising, mobile payment-digital identity);

the development of innovative services in the IT market, particularly Cloud, IoT and 
Cybersecurity services.
Competition in Fixed-Line Telecommunications6 
The fixed-line telecommunications market has continued to see a downturn in access and voice 
revenues, while Broadband and Ultrabroadband revenues have shown growth. In recent years, 
service providers have concentrated mainly on expanding the penetration of Broadband and 
5 Source: Annual Report AGCOM 2024 (available at 
https://www.agcom.it/sites/default/files/documenti/relazione_annuale/RELAZIONE%20ANNUALE_2024.pdf))
6 Source: AGCOM’S report N. 4/2024 (available at: 
https://www.agcom.it/sites/default/files/media/allegato/2024/AGCOM_Osservatorio%20n.4-2024%20english%20version_0.pdf)

--- Page 148 ---
148
Ultrabroadband services by introducing bundled voice, Broadband and service deals in a highly 
competitive environment with consequent pricing pressure.
The retail market continues to progressively increase the level of competition, with the HHI 
concentration index decreasing year on year.
In September 2024, total Fixed Access was 20.25 million and recorded a slight increase of +64 thousand 
units YoY (+0.3% YoY). TIM was the leading operator with a market share of 38.0%, down by -1.9 
percentage points YoY; Vodafone followed with a market share of 15.5% (-0.3 percentage points YoY). 
WindTre had a market share of 14.4% (+0.2 percentage points YoY) while Fastweb recorded a market 
share of 13.1% (-0.4 percentage points YoY). Sky had a market share of 3.6% (+0.6 percentage points 
YoY).
Broadband accesses amounted to 19.20 million and increased by +217 thousand units YoY (+1.1% 
YoY).
On an annual basis, accesses in FTTH and FWA technology grew (respectively, 5.53 million, +27.0% 
YoY and 2.30 million, +10.5% YoY), whilst accesses in FTTC and ADSL decreased (respectively, 9.30 
million, -6.7% YoY and 2.01 million, -21.5%).
Competition in Mobile Telecommunications6 
In the third quarter of 2024, total mobile lines (Human+ M2M) amounted to 109.0 million with an 
annual growth of +509 thousand units (+0.5% YoY): M2M lines grew, reaching 30.4 million, +730 
thousand units YoY (+2.5%), whilst Human lines decreased to 78.6 million, -221 thousand units YoY 
(-0.3%).
The competitive scenario of the Italian mobile telecommunications market in 2023 continues to be 
characterised by an aggressive offer from the operator Iliad in terms of price and volume of data, 
followed by those of the MVNOs, resulting in general pressure on market prices. The operator Iliad and 
the virtual operators in general continue to win over customers and, consequently, market share, to the 
detriment of other infrastructured operators, mainly those with the highest market share.
In the third quarter of 2024 TIM is market share leader of the total mobile market (Human + M2M) 
with a share of 27.1% (-0.8 percentage points YoY), followed by Vodafone with a market share of 
26.4% (-0.8 percentage points YoY) and by WindTre with a market share of 23.7% (stable YoY).
Considering only the Human lines, WindTre is the leader with a market share of 24.0%, down by -0.7 
percentage points YoY; followed by TIM with a market share of 23.5% down by -0.7 percentage points 
YoY, Vodafone with a market share of 21.0% down by -0.9 percentage points YoY and Iliad with a 
market share of 14.6% up +1.3 percentage points YoY.
The competition on 5G continues with the simultaneous presence of multiple operators for mobile offers 
and a progressive coverage of the main cities. The spread of 5G has also begun in the business segment, 
enabling specialised solutions for the vertical markets, even if the spread of these services in this 
segment has not yet taken off.
Competition in the Brazilian market7
At the end of 2024, the Brazilian mobile market reached 263.4 million lines, which is 7.1 million lines 
(or +2.8%) higher than at the end of 2023. In the past 12 months, postpaid net additions reached 12.3 
7 Source: Data available at the following link https://www.teleco.com.br/en/en_ncel.asp

--- Page 149 ---
149
million users and surpassed the 5.3 million drop in prepaid users. At the end of 2024, postpaid lines 
(including M2M) represented 61% of the total market. Mobile market shares in Brazil are changing 
following the market consolidation process initiated in 2019: Vivo (a subsidiary of Telefonica Spain) 
remains the leader with 38.8%, Claro (America Movil’s subsidiary) reached 33.1%, TIM Brasil remains 
third with 23.6%.

--- Page 150 ---
150
REGULATION
As a telecommunications operator, the TIM Group is subject to sector-specific telecommunications 
regulations, general competition law and a variety of other regulations, including privacy and security, 
which can have a direct and material effect on the Group’s business areas. 
For a discussion of the legislative framework and the recent legislative key developments relating to 
the TIM Group, see the section: “Main changes in the regulatory framework” set out in the Report on 
Operations of the TIM 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus (see: “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).
Please also see “Risk Factors – The TIM Group operates in a heavily regulated industry and regulatory 
decisions or changes in the regulatory environment, as well as failure to comply with such regulatory 
framework, could adversely affect its business.”

--- Page 151 ---
151
LITIGATION
In the ordinary course of its business the TIM Group is subject to various civil and administrative 
proceedings, as well as certain arbitral and criminal proceedings.
As at 31 December 2024, the TIM Group has accrued provisions totalling 336 million euro for those 
disputes described below where the risk of losing the case has been considered probable. 
For a discussion of the most significant judicial, arbitration and tax disputes in which the TIM Group is 
involved at 31 December 2024, as well as those that came to an end during the period, see Note 25 to 
the TIM 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus (see: “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).
Please also see “Risk Factors – The TIM Group is involved in disputes and litigation with regulators, 
competition authorities, competitors and other parties, including its shareholders, and is the subject of 
a number of investigations by judicial authorities, the ultimate outcome of which is generally uncertain.

--- Page 152 ---
152
TIM GROUP – SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND STATISTICAL 
OPERATING DATA
Financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2024 and 2023
The financial information is presented in the 2024 and 2023 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the TIM Group (which are incorporated by reference herein) and which have been audited by EY 
S.p.A.
The economic and financial results of the TIM Group for the 2024 financial year and the previous 
financial year, presented for comparison, have been prepared in accordance with IFRS accounting 
principles issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and approved by the European Union 
(referred to as ‘IFRS’). The accounting criteria and consolidation principles adopted are consistent with 
those used in the consolidated financial statements of the TIM Group as of 31 December 2023, except 
for the changes to the accounting principles issued by the IASB and in force from 1 January 2024.
Following the NetCo disposal, in order to provide a better understanding of business performance, 
organic economic and financial information relating to performance in 2024 and 2023 for the so-called 
TIM ServCo perimeter are presented, restated on the basis of managerial information. This organic 
information is prepared by simulating the separation of the fixed network, with the creation of the NetCo 
component and the consequent definition of the TIM ServCo perimeter as if it had taken place at the 
start of the reporting period (1 January). Therefore, for all organic data the ‘like-for-like’ definition is 
used to highlight both organic information (Business Unit Brazil) and organic information as restated 
above (TIM S.p.A., Business Unit Domestic, TIM Group), simulating for the first half of 2024, the 
impact of the relationship between TIM and NetCo/FiberCop, governed by the Master Service 
Agreement (MSA) and recording, for the second half of the year, the actual accounting impact of the 
MSA and the Transitional Services Agreement (TSA). 
TIM Group, in addition to the conventional financial performance measures established by the IFRS 
Accounting Standards, uses certain alternative performance measures in order to present a better 
understanding of the trend of operations and financial condition. 
Specifically, these alternative performance measures refer to: EBITDA; EBIT; organic change and 
impact of non-recurring items on revenues, EBITDA and EBIT; EBITDA margin and EBIT margin; 
Net financial debt carrying amount and adjusted net financial debt; Equity free cash flow; Cash flow 
from operations; Cash flow from operations (net of licences). Following the adoption of IFRS 16, the 
TIM Group also presents the following additional alternative performance measures: EBITDA After 
Lease (EBITDA-AL), Adjusted net financial debt After Lease, Equity Free Cash Flow After Lease.
In line with the ESMA guidance on alternative performance measures (Guidelines ESMA/2015/1415), 
the meaning and contents of such are explained in the section on "Alternative performance measures" 
and the analytical detail of the amounts of the reclassifications introduced and of the methods for 
determining indicators is provided.

--- Page 153 ---
153
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND STATUTORY AUDITORS
Directors
A full renewal of the Board of Directors took place on 23 April 2024, following the natural expiry of 
the mandate of the Directors. 
The Board of Directors of TIM on 24 April 2024 appointed Alberta Figari as Chairman and Pietro 
Labriola as Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of TIM was composed of the following 
directors:
Name
Age
Position
Appointed
Other principal activities performed by 
the Director Officers outside of TIM 
Group 
Alberta Figari (1)
60
Chairman
2024
Director of the Board of Treccani S.p.A 
and of Assonime
Chairman of the Board of Fondazione 
TIM, 
Member 
of 
the 
Corporate 
Governance Committee of Borsa italiana
Pietro Labriola (2)
57
Chief 
Executive 
Officer
2024
Board member of GSMA, Director in 
Istituto Europeo di Oncologia, Member of 
the General Board of Confindustria, Vice 
Chairman 
in 
Asstel, 
Representative 
member in the General Board in ASPEN 
Institute Italia
Domitilla Benigni (1)
55
Director
2024
Director 
and 
General 
manager 
of 
Elettronica S.p.A; Chairman and CEO of 
CY4GATE 
S.p.A., 
Chairman 
of 
Women4Cyber Italia ETS
Paola Camagni (1)
54
Director 
2024
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors  
of AGI – Agenzia Giornalistica Italia S.p.A. 
Independent Director (not executive) and 
member 
of 
the 
Management 
Control 
Committee of UniCredit S.p.A., Independent 
Director (not executive) of FSI SGR S.p.A.
Federico Ferro Luzzi 
(1)
56
Director 
2024
Independent Director and Chairman of  the 
Nominations and Remuneration Committee, 
member of Control and Risk Committee, 
Related Parties and Sustainability Committee 
at Garofalo HC S.p.A.. Director and member 
of Control and Risk Committee and of 
Related Parties Committee in Reply S,p,A,
Acting Auditor of Power4Future S.p.A and 
of HMS IT S.p.A.

--- Page 154 ---
154
Giovanni 
Gorno 
Tempini (3)
63
Director 
2024
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti, of CDP Reti S.p.A and of 
CDP Equity S.p.A.
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
F.I.L.A. - Fabbrica Italiana Lapis e 
AffiniVice Chairman of the Board in 
AVIO;
Paola 
Giannotti 
De 
Ponti (1)
63
Director 
2024
Non -Executive Director Piraeus Financial 
Holding and also Member of the Risk 
Committee and of the Remuneration 
Committee 
and 
of 
the 
Nomination 
Committee
Umberto Paolucci (1)
81
Director 
2024
Director of the Board of UPinvest S.r.l
Stefano Siragusa (1)
49
Director
2024
Legal Representative of Rari Nantes S.r.l.
Legal Representative of AIXCEEDS Srl
Legal Representative of LegAI.X Srl
(1) Independent Director according to legal requirements. For details on the criteria applied to determine independence, see 
“Item 10. Additional Information—10.1 Corporate Governance”.
(2) He was appointed as Chief Executive Officer/General Manager as of 18 November 2018; the Board of Directors on April 
1 2021 confirmed him as CEO/General Manager; the Shareholders Meeting on 23 April 2024 confirmed him as Director and 
the Board of Directors on 24 April 2024 appointed him as CEO/General Manager.
(3) He was confirmed as not Independent Director by the Shareholders Meeting on 23 April 2024.
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is Via Gaetano Negri 1, 20123 
Milan, Italy. 
Executive Officers
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the executive officers of TIM and their respective
positions were as follows:
Name
Age
Position
Appoi
nted
Directors:
Pietro Labriola 
57
Chief Executive Officer/General 
Manager
Managers:
Calaza Adrian
57
Chief Financial Office
(1)
Chiriotti Paolo
54
Chief 
Human 
Resources 
& 
Organization Office
(2)
Leone Giampaolo
54
Procurement & Logistics
(3)
Mazzilli Roberto
58
Chief IT Group Office
(4)
Nuzzolo Agostino
56
Legal Regulatory & Tax
(5)

--- Page 155 ---
155
Ongaro Claudio Giovanni Ezio
56
Chief 
Strategy 
Business 
Development & Wholebuy Office
(6)
Rossini Andrea
54
Chief Consumer Small & Medium 
and Mobile Wholesale Market 
Office
(7)
Santagata Eugenio
51
Chief Public Affairs Security and 
International Business Office 
(8)
Schiavo Elio
61
Chief Enterprise & Innovative 
Solution Office
(9)
(1) Since 1st March 2022.
(2) Since 30th March 2022.
(3) Since 24th   October 2024
(4) Since 27th   September 2024
(5) Since 9th   January 2017
(6) Since 10th December 2021
(7) Since 21st February 2022
(8) Since 9th April 2022
(9) Since 16th May 2022
The business address of each of the executive officers is Via Gaetano Negri 1, 20123 Milan, Italy.
* * *
Board of Statutory Auditors
On 23 April 2024, the Shareholders Meeting appointed the present Statutory Board of Auditors, who 
will remain in office until approval of the 2026 financial statements. Based on the slates submitted by 
the shareholders, five Acting Auditors and four Alternate Auditors have been appointed.
The Shareholders’ Meeting also appointed Auditor Francesco Fallacara as Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors.
The Board of Directors of the 24 April 2024 meeting confirmed the Statutory Auditor Ms Anna Doro 
as member of the Supervisory Body pursuant to legislative decree 231/2001.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Statutory Auditors of TIM was composed of the 
following Auditors:
Name
Position
Appointed
Francesco FALLACARA (1)
Chairman
2024
Massimo GAMBINI
Acting Auditor
2024
Mara VANZETTA
Acting Auditor
2024
Anna DORO (1)
Acting Auditor
2024
Francesco SCHIAVONI PANNI
Acting Auditor
2024

--- Page 156 ---
156
Massimiliano DI MARIA
Alternate Auditor
2024
Laura FIORDELISI (1)
Alternate Auditor
2024
Carlotta VENEZIANI
Alternate Auditor
2024
Paolo PRANDI (1)
Alternate Auditor
2024
Elected by minority shareholders. 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is Via Gaetano Negri 
1, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
The positions held by the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors in other listed companies are 
shown below: 
Francesco Fallacara
Chairman of Boards of Statutory Auditors of Maire 
Tecnimont S.p.A and of Nextchem S.p.A., Acting 
Auditor of ENI Progetti S.p.A., Acting Auditor of 
Nextchech Tech S.p.A, Acring Auditor ENI Natural 
Energies S.p.A and Acting Auditor of Telecom Italia 
Sparkle S.p.A., Acting Auditor Cartiere di Guarcino 
S.p.A.. Non Executive Director of Argo Global Ass. 
S.p.A.
Massimo Gambini
Acting Auditors of Poligrafici Printing SpA Bologna 
Mara Vanzetta
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors and 
member of the Board of Azimut Benetti S.p.A., Guala 
S.p.A., Pagani S.p.A., Sonatrach Raffineria Italiana 
S.p.A. as well as independent director of Tod's S.p.A.
Anna Doro
Independent Director, Chair of the Control and Risk 
Committee, Member of Related Parties Committee of 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.., Chairman of the 
Supervisory Body of Cellularline S.p.A., of SOF S.p.A. 
and of Torre del Sale S.p.A.
Francesco Schiavone Panni
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Banca 
Mediolanum S.p.A.
The Board of Auditors verifies compliance with the law and the Bylaws and verifies adherence to the 
best administration principles, the adequacy and reliability of corporate structures, internal audit 
procedures and accounting system, and the adequacy of instructions given by TIM to its subsidiaries. 
The Board of Auditors must receive timely disclosures, at least quarterly, from the Board of Directors 
about the company’s business and significant transactions performed by the company and its 
subsidiaries, including related parties’ transactions. Statutory Auditors must inform CONSOB of any 
irregularity they detect in the course of their duties and are required to attend Shareholders’ Meetings, 
Board of Directors’ meetings. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Some of the Directors and Statutory Auditors of TIM, in addition to their functions in TIM, hold 
management and/or supervisory functions in other companies and/or institutions (see “Directors”, 
“Description of Directors’ Outside Interests” and “Board of Statutory Auditors”); 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to 
TIM or its directors and executive officers, and their private interests and/or duties.

--- Page 157 ---
157
TAXATION 
The following overview contains a description of certain Italian tax consequences in respect of the 
purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. This overview is based on the laws in force in Italy as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus (as they are currently applied by the Italian tax authorities) and is 
subject to any changes in such laws occurring after such date, which changes could be made also on a 
retroactive basis. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does 
not purport to deal with the Italian tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of 
which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules.
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
Law 111/2023 delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its 
publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the tax reform of the tax system. According 
to Law 111/2023, the tax reform may significantly change the taxation of financial income and capital 
gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, 
extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be assessed or predicted with certainty at this stage as 
for the time being not all laws and legislative decrees needed to implement such tax reform have been 
enacted. The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not therefore reflect the future tax 
landscape accurately (see also “Risk Factors – Risk related to the pending Italian tax reform”). 
Noteholders should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial 
income and capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains 
accrued or realised under the Notes and could result in a lower return of their investments.
Italian taxation
The following summary is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It 
is based on the laws presently in force in Italy, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be 
constructed to be, legal or tax advice. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the 
tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the 
Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, 
some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes, including the application to their particular situation of 
the tax considerations discussed below. 
The statements herein regarding Italian taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis.
Tax treatment of Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (Decree No. 239), as subsequently amended, provides for 
the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, 
inter alia, by Italian listed companies. For these purposes, pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, letter (c) 
of the Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (the Italian Tax Code or the ITC), as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, bonds and “debentures similar to bonds” are defined as 
securities that: (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than 
their nominal value; that (ii) do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management

--- Page 158 ---
158
of the issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued nor any type of control on the 
management; and that (iii) do not provide for a remuneration which is linked to profits.
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected (unless he has opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regime – see 
under “Capital gains tax” below), (ii) a non-commercial partnership pursuant to Article 5 of the ITC, 
(iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate 
income taxation, interest, premium and other income (other than capital gains) (Interest) relating to the 
Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a tax withheld at source, referred to as 
imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period) and limitations, interest, premium 
and other income relating to the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 
26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 
1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the 
Finance Act 2017), Article 1(211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as subsequently amended  
and supplemented (the Finance Act 2019), or Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 
2019, converted into Law No. 157 of 19 December 2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented 
(including by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020) (the Fiscal Decree Linked to the 
Finance Act 2020), Article 1 (219-225) of Law No. 178 of 30 December 2020, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented (the Finance Act 2021), Article 1 (26-27) of Law No. 234 of 2021, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented (the Finance Act 2022) and Article 8-quinquies of Law 
Decree No. 145 of 18 October 2023, converted into Law No. 191 of 15 December 2023 (the Law 
Decree No. 145), as subsequently amended and supplemented.
If the Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes 
are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva but must be included in the relevant annual Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore 
subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES), generally levied at the rate of 24%8. Banks and 
other financial institutions will be also subject to an additional to IRES levied at the rate of 3.5%.In 
certain circumstances, depending on the status of Noteholder, also regional tax on productive activities 
IRAP may apply. IRAP is generally levied at the rate of 3.9% while banks or other financial institutions 
will be subject to IRAP at the special rate of 4.65%; in any case regions may vary the IRAP rate by up 
to 0.92%.
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree No. 351), Article 32 of Law Decree 
No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into law with amendments by Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and 
Article 2(1)(c) of Decree No. 239, as all amended and supplemented, payments of Interest in respect of 
the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds qualifying as such from a legal and 
8 
Law No. 207 of 30 December 2024 (2025 Budget Law) introduced a provisional special reduction of the IRES rate to 20%, applicable, 
for the time being, exclusively for FY2025. Requirements to qualify for this reduction include, among others: (i) the taxpayer temporarily 
retaining at least 80% of its 2024 earnings for no less than two fiscal years, (ii) investing a certain amount in qualifying assets, which 
must be the greater of 30% of the 2024 retained earnings or 24% of the 2023 overall earnings, and (iii) sustaining or increasing certain 
levels of employment as defined by the law. Recapture mechanisms apply if the conditions for the tax rate reduction are not maintained 
or if the qualifying assets listed sub (ii) are transferred.

--- Page 159 ---
159
regulatory perspective are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level 
of the real estate investment fund, but a withholding or substitute tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to income realised by unitholders in case of distributions, redemption or sale of the units.
Pursuant to Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 (Decree No. 44), the same regime 
is applicable to Italian real estate SICAFs (Real Estate SICAFs) qualified as such from a civil law 
perspective.
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an open-ended or a closed-ended (non-real estate) investment 
fund, a Società di Investimento a Capitale Fisso (SICAF) or a Società di Investimento a Capitale 
Variabile (SICAV) established in Italy (together, the Fund) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager 
is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject 
to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders.
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 
17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the 
tax period, which will be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including 
a minimum holding period) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of 
Finance Act 2017 and in Article 1(211-215) of the Finance Act 2019, or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal 
Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, Article 1 (26-27) 
of the Finance Act 2022 and Article 8-quinquies of Law Decree No. 145.
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and 
other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented (each an Intermediary). 
An Intermediary, to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or be a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (b) a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary – acting through a central securities depository – which is directly 
connected with Italian Revenue Agency, having appointed an Italian tax representative for the purposes 
of Legislative Decree 239 and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer 
of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any 
assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership 
of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. Where the 
Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any entity 
paying interest to a Noteholder.  
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, an exemption from imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-
Italian resident beneficial owner is either: (i) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree 
of 4 September 1996, as amended from time to time, or in any other decree to be issued in the future 
under the authority of Article 11(4)(c) of Decree No. 239, as lastly amended by Italian Ministerial 
Decree dated 23 March 2017, (the White List); or (ii) an international body or entity set up in

--- Page 160 ---
160
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) a Central Bank 
or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an institutional 
investor which is incorporated in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the 
status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence.
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected must (i) be the beneficial owners of the payments 
of interest, premium or other income, (ii) deposit the Notes with a resident bank or SIM, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or 
company participating in a central securities depository which is in contact, via computer, with the 
Italian Revenue Agency and (iii) file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the 
deposit of the Notes, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or 
revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from 
the imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set 
up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case of 
foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must 
comply with the requirements set forth by the Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently 
amended.
Imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or, in any case, at the reduced rate 
provided for by the applicable double tax treaty, if any) to Interest paid to Noteholders who do not fall 
in any of the above mentioned categories or do not timely and properly comply with the set of 
procedural requirements.The 26% imposta sostitutiva may be reduced by applicable double tax treaty, 
if any.
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) or in the category of 
shares or instruments similar to shares are subject, as atypical securities (titoli atipici), to a withholding 
tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
In the case of Notes, where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, 
(iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected, 
(iv) an Italian commercial partnership pursuant to Article 5 of the ITC or (v) an Italian commercial 
private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, 
the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax 
rate may be reduced under the applicable tax treaty, if any.
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
Interest, relating to the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26 per cent. 
withholding tax) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial 
activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-
114) of Finance Act 2017 and in Article 1(211-215) of the Finance Act 2019, or Article 13-bis of the 
Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, Article 1 
(26-27) of the Finance Act 2022 and Article 8-quinquies of Law Decree No. 145.
If the Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer, the withholding tax mentioned above does not 
apply to interest payments made to a non-Italian resident Noteholder and to an Italian resident 
Noteholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent 
establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership or (iii) a commercial private or public 
institution. If Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer and beneficially owned by non-Italian

--- Page 161 ---
161
residents are deposited with an Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) or are sold through an Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
Italy of foreign intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of interest and other income 
on such Notes, to ensure payment of interest and other income without application of Italian taxation a 
non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or the relevant 
intermediary a self-declaration stating that he, she or it is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. In the 
case of non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, the withholding tax may be reduced by the applicable double tax treaty, if 
any, subject to timely filing of the required documentation.
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also as part of the net 
value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial 
entity, including the permanent establishment in Italy of foreign entities to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. Under certain conditions and 
limitations, Noteholders may set off in full or in part losses with gains. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital 
gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including 
from the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged 
in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth in Article 
1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017 and in Article 1(211-215) of the Finance Act 2019, or Article 13-bis 
of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, 
Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022 and Article 8-quinquies of Law Decree No. 145. According 
to Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, as amended and supplemented by the Finance Act 2022, 
under certain conditions, capital losses realised by Italian resident individuals not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity upon sale or redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets specific requirements, give 
rise to a tax credit equal to the capital losses, provided that such tax credit does not exceed: (i) the 20% 
of the amount invested in the long-term saving accounts (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
for investments made within 2021; and (ii) the 10% of the amount invested in the long-term saving 
accounts (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) for investments made within 2022.  
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
a)
“Regime della dichiarazione”. Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), 
which is the default regime for Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, imposta sostitutiva 
on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any 
incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident individual Noteholder holding the Notes 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the 
Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder must indicate the overall

--- Page 162 ---
162
capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax 
return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for 
such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
b)
“Regime del risparmio amministrato”. As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian 
resident individual Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva 
separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the risparmio 
amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes 
being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries 
(including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an express 
election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant 
Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of 
capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital 
gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is 
required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using 
funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, 
where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted 
from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same 
tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, 
the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.
c)
“Regime del risparmio gestito”. Any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholder under (i) to 
(iii) above who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to 
an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime will be 
included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even 
if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing 
authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito 
regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax 
return.
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian real estate investment fund or any Italian 
real estate SICAF to which the provisions of Decree No. 351 or Decree No. 44 as subsequently amended 
apply will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real 
estate investment fund or the real estate SICAF. However, a withholding tax or a substitute tax at the 
rate of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to income realised by unitholders or 
shareholders in case of distributions, redemption or sale of the units or shares. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Noteholder that is a Fund, a SICAF or a SICAV will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the relevant tax period. Such result will not be taxed at the level of the Fund, the SICAF or the 
SICAV, but income realised by unitholders or shareholders in case of distributions, redemption or sale 
of the units or shares, may be subject to a withholding tax of 26 per cent..
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital 
gains on the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes 
are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017 and in Article 1(211-215) of Finance 
Act 2019, or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of

--- Page 163 ---
163
the Finance Act 2021, Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022 and Article 8-quinquies of Law Decree 
No. 145.
Non-Italian resident Noteholders
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on 
regulated markets are not subject to imposta sostitutiva. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded 
on regulated markets are not subject to imposta sostitutiva provided that the beneficial owner (i) is 
resident for income tax purposes in a country included in the White List; or (ii) is an international entity 
or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or 
(iii) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
(iv) is an institutional investor which is incorporated in a country included in the White List, even if it 
does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence. If none of the conditions 
described above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or 
redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated markets are subject to imposta sostitutiva at the current 
rate of 26 per cent. under the risparmio amministrato regime rules, which is the default regime for non-
Italian resident investor, unless the latter has opted for the tax declaration regime or, alternatively, for 
the risparmio gestito regime).
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing 
that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the country 
of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains 
realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
The transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes) as a result of death or donation (or other 
transfers for no consideration) and the creation of liens on such assets for a specific purpose are taxed 
as follows:
(i)
transfers in favour of the spouse and of direct descendants or ascendants are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding € 1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(ii)
transfers in favour of the brothers or sisters are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at 
a rate of 6 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000 (per 
beneficiary); 
(iii)
transfers in favour of all other relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law up to the third 
degree, are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift; and
(iv)
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift.
If the beneficiary of any such transfer is a disabled individual, whose disability is recognised pursuant 
to Law No. 104 of 5 February 1992, the tax is applied only on the value of the assets (including the 
Notes) received in excess of € 1,500,000 at the rates illustrated above, depending on the type of 
relationship existing between the deceased or donor and the beneficiary.

--- Page 164 ---
164
With respect to listed Notes, the value for inheritance and gift tax purposes is the average stock 
exchange price of the last quarter preceding the date of the succession or of the gift (increased by the 
interest accrued meanwhile). With respect to unlisted Notes, the value for inheritance and gift tax 
purposes is determined by reference to the value of listed debt securities having similar features or based 
on other certain elements. 
Under certain conditions, the mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth 
by law are exempt from inheritance taxes.
Wealth Tax on Financial Products Held Abroad
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with Law No. 214 of 
22 December 2011, as subsequently amended and supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-
commercial entities and certain partnerships including società semplici or similar partnerships pursuant 
to Article 5 of the ITC holding financial products – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory 
are required to pay a wealth tax (Imposta sul valore delle attività finanziarie detenute all’estero - 
IVAFE). The applicable tax rate is 0.2 per cent of the value of such assets (0.4 per cent., as of 2024, in 
case of financial assets held in States or territories with privileged tax regime identified by the 
Ministerial Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 4 May 1999) and the tax is determined 
in proportion to the period of ownership. Based on Art. 134 of Law Decree 34 of 19 May 2020 
(converted into law No. 77 of 17 July 2020), the wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000, for taxpayers other 
than individuals.
The tax applies on the market value of the securities at the end of the relevant year or – in the lack of 
the market value – on the nominal value or redemption value of such financial products held outside of 
the Italian territory. Taxpayers can generally deduct from the tax a tax credit equal to any wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial products are held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due).
Stamp duty
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the Tariff, Annex A, Part I, attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 
26 October 1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on a yearly basis at the rate of 0.2 per cent. on the 
market value or – in the lack of a market value – on the nominal value or the redemption amount of any 
financial product (including the Notes). The stamp duty cannot exceed € 14,000, for taxpayers other 
than individuals. Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian 
Ministry of Economy and Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a 
client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy of 20 June 2012, as subsequently 
amended and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity 
within the Italian territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at least once a 
year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory. Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident 
Noteholders and to non-Italian resident Noteholders, to the extent that the Notes are held with an Italian 
based financial intermediary (and not directly held by the Noteholders outside Italy, in which case 
wealth tax (see “Wealth Tax on financial products held abroad” applies to Italian resident Noteholders 
only).
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of € 200; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in case of use or voluntary registration.
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, ratified and converted by Law No. 227 of 
4 August 1990, as amended and supplemented, individuals, non-commercial partnerships and non-

--- Page 165 ---
165
commercial entities which are resident of Italy for tax purposes and which over the fiscal year hold or 
are beneficial owners of investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain 
circumstances, disclose such investments or financial activities to tax authorities in their income tax 
return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same 
time as prescribed for the income tax return), regardless of the value of such assets (save for deposits 
or bank accounts having an aggregate value not exceeding a € 15,000 threshold throughout the year, 
which per se do not require such disclosure). This requirement applies even if the taxpayer during the 
tax period has totally divested such assets. No disclosure requirements exist for investments and 
financial activities (including the Notes) under management or administration entrusted to Italian 
resident intermediaries and for contracts concluded through their intervention, provided that the cash 
flows and the income derived from such activities and contracts have been subject to Italian withholding 
or substitute tax by intermediaries themselves. 
The proposed European financial transactions tax (FTT)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has 
since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
In 2019, the Finance Ministers of the participating Member States indicated that they were discussing 
a new FTT proposal based on a French model of the tax (and the possible mutualisation of the tax as a 
contribution to the EU budget) (the 2019 FTT Proposal). Under the 2019 FTT Proposal, the FTT would 
only have applied to transactions in financial instruments issued by a company, partnership or other 
entity whose registered office is established within one of the participating Member States and which 
had a market capitalisation of at least EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the respective 
transaction. The FTT under the 2019 FTT Proposal would not have applied to straight bonds. 
No agreement has been reached between the participating Member States on either the Commission’s 
Original Proposal or the 2019 FTT Proposal. Subsequently, the European Commission declared that, if 
there was no agreement between the participating Member States by the end 2022, it would endeavour 
to propose a new own resource, based on a new FTT, by June 2024 with a view to its introduction by 1 
January 2026, as also set out in the Council Regulation laying down the Multi-annual Financial 
Framework for the years 2021 to 2027.
Prospective holders of the Notes should therefore note that the scope of any FTT proposal remains 
uncertain and subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. Any such proposal may 
also be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which also remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and/or other participating Member States may decide to 
withdraw. Accordingly, prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional 
advice in relation to any FTT.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. TIM S.p.A. may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the

--- Page 166 ---
166
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. On 13 December 2018, the Treasury and the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) issued Proposed Regulations (REG-132881-17) under FATCA, eliminating withholding 
on the payments of gross proceeds and deferring withholding on foreign passthru payments. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as Notes, such withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect of any Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterized as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued after the grandfathering date, which is the date that is six months 
after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed 
with the U.S. Federal Register, or which are materially modified after the grandfathering date (including 
by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. 
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Tax information
Each Noteholder shall provide in a timely manner any information, form, disclosure, certification or 
documentation (Tax Information) that the Issuer may reasonably request in writing in order to maintain 
appropriate records, report such information as may be required to be reported to the Italian tax 
authorities or any other tax or competent authority (the Tax Reporting Regimes) and provide for 
withholding amounts, if any, in each case relating to each Noteholder’s Notes in or payments from the 
Issuer including, without limitation, any information requested in order to comply with:
a)
the FATCA provisions; 
b)
the European Union Council Directive 2011/16/EU (the DAC), as amended; 
c)
any law, rule or regulation pursuant to or implementing any of the FATCA, the DAC, or any 
other regime requiring the exchange of Tax Information or otherwise the Issuer deems 
reasonably necessary for the conduct of the Issuer’s affairs.

--- Page 167 ---
167
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 28 March 2025 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the 
Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Dealers are entitled in 
certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the Programme 
Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes.
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities law of any 
U.S. state, or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. The Notes are being offered and sold to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Unless 
otherwise indicated herein, terms used in this section that are defined in Regulation S are used herein 
as defined therein.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules (each as defined under “Form of the Notes”) apply (including any 
relevant selling restrictions) or whether TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the Issue Date (the Resale Restriction Termination Date) of all Notes 
of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part or (iii) in the event of a distribution of a Tranche that is 
fungible therewith, until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date 
of such fungible Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each distributor, dealer or other person receiving a selling 
concession, fee or other remuneration to which it sells any Notes prior to the Resale Restriction 
Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them in Regulation S.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, an offer or 
sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements under the Securities Act.
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering

--- Page 168 ---
168
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 169 ---
169
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in the case of the 
Issuer, would not, if it was not an authorised person apply to the Issuer; and 
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of 
any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a)
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); 
(b)
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including, where applicable, the reporting requirements pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.

--- Page 170 ---
170
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with 
applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the 
Notes and the distribution in France of the Offering Circular or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes.
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan.
Singapore
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged (and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge) that this Base Prospectus has 
not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree) that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has 
not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA.

--- Page 171 ---
171
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Notification under Section 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore" that will state the product classification 
of the applicable Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the 
applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) 
of the SFA.
Belgium
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering 
of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a 
Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, 
any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to 
the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a 
prospectus under the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) as long as such offering is made to 
professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum 
denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be 
admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes do not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland.
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
none of the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer
Certain Dealers and/or their affiliates (including parent companies) may engage and have engaged in 
various general financing and banking transactions with, and provide and have provided financial 
advisory and investment banking services to, and may hold equity interests and be entitled to appoint

--- Page 172 ---
172
board members and/or other corporate bodies members in the TIM Group and/or its affiliates in the 
present, past and may do so again in the future.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans and issuance of financial instruments linked 
to the financial instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also the relevant parent 
companies of the Dealers.

--- Page 173 ---
173
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board 
of Directors of TIM dated 10 October 2003, 21 December 2005, 25 February 2010, 17 January 2013, 6 
February 2014, 12 May 2014, 19 February 2015, 16 December 2016, 5 December 2017, 6 December 
2018, 29 January 2020 and 3 February 2021.
The issue of each Tranche of Notes by TIM under the Programme will be required to be authorised by 
a resolution of the Board of Directors of TIM. The issue of the Notes by TIM under the Programme, up 
to a maximum aggregate amount equal to €10 billion and until 28 March 2026, was duly authorised by 
the resolution of the Board of Directors of TIM dated 12 February 2025.
Manager responsible for financial reporting
The manager responsible for preparing the corporate financial reports of TIM (Adrian Calaza Noia – 
Chief Financial Officer) declares, pursuant to paragraph 2 of art. 154-bis of the Financial Services Act, 
that the accounting information contained in this Base Prospectus corresponds to the documents results, 
book and accounting records.
Listing and admission to trading
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg’s Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU). Application may also be made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on Borsa 
Italiana regulated Mercato Telematico delle Obbligazioni market (MOT), as sole listing venue or in 
addition to any other listing venue for the Notes.
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets (including stock exchanges in the Republic of Italy and/or 
in other Member States within the EEA, each as sole listing venue or in addition to any other listing 
venue for the Notes) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the website of 
TIM at www.gruppotim.it: 
(a)
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of TIM; 
(b)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024 (with an English translation thereof), together 
with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer currently prepares audited 
consolidated and non-consolidated accounts on an annual basis;
(c)
the Press Releases; and
(d)
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons.
(e)
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted

--- Page 174 ---
174
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, as to its holding of Notes and identity) and 
any other information incorporated herein or therein by reference.
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of TIM since 31 
December 2024. There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of 
TIM since 31 December 2024.
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section “Litigation” on page 151 of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor 
any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the 
recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of TIM or the TIM Group.
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Independent Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of TIM Group for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 
December 2023, prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by the 
European Union (IFRS), were audited, without qualification and in accordance with the International 
Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia), by EY S.p.A. independent auditors, as stated in the English 
translation of their report incorporated by reference elsewhere herein.
EY S.p.A. is registered under No. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro dei Revisori 
Legali), in compliance with the provisions of the Legislative Decree 27 January 2010, No. 39. EY 
S.p.A., which is located at Via Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, is also a member of ASSIREVI (the Italian 
association of auditing firms). 
Trustee’s Reliance on Certificates and Reports 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on certificates or reports from the auditors of the 
Issuer or any other expert provided to the Trustee (whether or not addressed to the Trustee) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed as sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein 
notwithstanding that any such certificate or report or any engagement letter or other document entered

--- Page 175 ---
175
into by the Trustee and such auditors or such other expert in connection therewith contains any limit on 
the liability of such auditors or such other expert.

--- Page 176 ---
176
REGISTERED OFFICE OF TIM S.p.A.
Via Gaetano Negri, 1
20123 Milan
Italy
TRUSTEE
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
England
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
England
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law
Linklaters Studio Legale Associato
Via Fatebenefratelli, 14
20121 Milan
Italy
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling Studio Legale
Associato
Via Ansperto, 5
20123 Milan
Italy
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284
00186 Rome
Italy
To the Trustee as to English law
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP
One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD
England
ARRANGERS
BNP PARIBAS
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
DEALERS
Banco Santander, S.A.
Ciudad Grupo Santander
Avenida de Cantabria s/n
Edificio Encinar
28660, Boadilla del Monte
BNP PARIBAS
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France

--- Page 177 ---
177
Madrid
Spain
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Börsenplatz 9
60313 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank
12, Place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052
92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Taunusanlage 12
60325 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London EC4A 4AU
United Kingdom
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking
Via Manzoni 4
20121 Milan
Italy
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A.
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1
20121 Milan
Italy
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.
World Trade Center, Tower Two, 5th Floor
Strawinskylaan 1887
1077 XX Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
UniCredit Bank GmbH
Arabellastrasse 12
81925 Munich
Germany
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer,
L-1115 Luxembourg
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
EY S.p.A.
Via Meravigli, 12
20123 – Milan
Italy