--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS 
 
TELIA COMPANY AB (publ) 
(incorporated as a company with limited liability in Sweden) 
€12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Telia Company AB (publ) (the "Issuer" or "Telia 
Company") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers").  
References in this Prospectus (the "Prospectus") to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation").  The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval 
by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
In accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses dated 16 July 2019, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the 
economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application 
has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (other than Swedish Registered Notes, as defined below) issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus relating to Swedish 
Registered Notes.   
References in this Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")). 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and, accordingly, ceases to 
be valid from 5 May 2024. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).   
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted 
to trading on any market. 
The Notes of each Tranche (except (i) Notes which are to be cleared through the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing 
Organisation, Euroclear Sweden AB and which are in registered form in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
(SFS 1998:1479) ("Swedish Registered Notes" and "Euroclear Sweden" respectively) and (ii) Notes which are to be cleared through the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (formerly named Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) ("Euronext 
VPS") and which are in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form ("VPS Notes") will initially be represented by either a temporary 
global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global Note, which will be deposited on the issue date thereof with

--- Page 2 ---
a common depositary, or common safekeeper, as the case may be, on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), and/or any other agreed clearing system.  A temporary global Note will be exchangeable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either a permanent global Note or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations.  The applicable Final Terms will specify that a permanent global 
Note either (i) is exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for definitive Notes upon not less than 60 days' notice or (ii) is only exchangeable 
(in whole but not in part) for definitive Notes following the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined under "Form of the Notes"), all as 
further described in "Form of the Notes" below.  Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form as more fully described in "Form of the Notes" below. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein 
(the "Conditions" and references to a numbered "Condition" shall be construed accordingly), in which event a supplement to the 
Prospectus or a new Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes. 
The Issuer has been rated BBB+ for long term borrowings and A-2 for short-term borrowings by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("Standard & Poor's") and Baa1 for long term borrowings by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's").  The Programme has 
been rated (P)Baa1 by Moody's and BBB+ by Standard & Poor's. Each of Moody's and Standard & Poor's is established in the EEA and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). As such each of Moody's and Standard & Poor's is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody's is not established 
in the United Kingdom ("UK") and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). However, Moody's Investors Service Ltd., which 
is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, has endorsed the global sale ratings assigned by its non-UK 
affiliates, including Moody's. Standard & Poor's is not established in the UK and has not applied for registration under the UK CRA 
Regulation. However, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, has 
endorsed the global sale ratings assigned by its non-UK affiliates, including Standard & Poor's. Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Moody's and Standard & 
Poor's.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" (the "Programme Benchmarks") for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (as amended) (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus: (i) the administrators of EURIBOR and NIBOR 
are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation; (ii) the administrators of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation; 
and (iii) following the submission by Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB of an application for authorisation to the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority on 27 December 2021, STIBOR may continue to be used, unless and until such authorisation is refused. As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (as administrator of SOFR) is not currently required to obtain recognition or endorsement, or to benefit from an equivalence decision. 
 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealers  
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
The date of this Prospectus is 4 May 2023

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below).  This Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and form part of this 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in 
this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or 
the Notes or their distribution.  The statements made in this paragraph are made without prejudice to 
the responsibility of the Issuer under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of 
the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to 
the suitability of any Notes to fulfil any environmental criteria required by any prospective investors. 
None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible 
for, any assessment of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds") or the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto), including without limitation in 
connection with any Eligible Green Projects (as defined under the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework) 
("Eligible Green Projects"), or the allocation of an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of 
Notes to any Eligible Green Projects. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer nor any of their respective 
affiliates makes any representation as to the suitability of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and 
none of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the content of 
the Issuer's Green Bond Framework or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) (including, without limitation, the Second Party Opinion (as defined in "Use of 
Proceeds")) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes. The 
Issuer's Green Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) 
may differ from any description given in this Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer's

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
The delivery of this Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated 
in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme.  Investors should review, inter alia, 
the documents deemed incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase 
any Notes. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations 
and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms.  
Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Japan and Belgium 
(see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
ESG RATINGS – The Issuer's exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") risks and 
the related management arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been assessed through 
ESG ratings. Please refer to the information incorporated under the section "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference" for further information. ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the 
methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily 
indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service 
the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained 
in the Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not 
be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other 
similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information 
regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant 
ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, 
the Prospectus). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK 
MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.   
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), as 
applicable. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it:

--- Page 6 ---
6 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars" refer to the currency of the United States of 
America, those to "Swedish Kronor", "SwKr" and "SEK" refer to the currency of Sweden, those to 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling, those to "NOK" refer to the currency of the Kingdom of 
Norway and those to "EUR", "€" and "euro" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to 
a law or a provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-
enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme .................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 14 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 28 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 31 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................. 34 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................................... 48 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 101 
Telia Company AB (publ) .................................................................................................................. 102 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 119 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 122 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 127 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which 
event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a supplement to the Prospectus or a new 
Prospectus will be published.   
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: ...................................................... 
Telia Company AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):  ...... 
213800FSR9RNDUOTXO25 
Description: ............................................. 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: ................................................. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: ................................................... 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
 
and any other Dealers appointed from time to time either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes, in each case, in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement. 
Risk Factors: ........................................... 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme.  In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme.  
These are set out under "Risk Factors" and include the 
fact that the Notes may not be a suitable investment for 
all investors, certain risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Certain Restrictions: ................................ 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale", below) including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Prospectus. 
 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting

--- Page 9 ---
9 
deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they 
are issued to a limited class of professional investors and 
have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent 
in any other currency, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses for the 
listing of money market instruments having a maturity at 
issue of less than 12 months and complying also with the 
definition of securities are not subject to the approval 
provisions stated therein. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: ....... 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (for Notes other than 
Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes). 
VPS Agent: ............................................. 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge (for VPS Notes only). 
VPS Trustee: ........................................... 
Nordic Trustee AS (for VPS Notes only). 
Programme Size: ..................................... 
€12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described under "Additional Information 
Relating to the Programme") outstanding at any time.  
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: ............................................ 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Notes may be 
distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: .............................................. 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
such currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Maturities: ............................................... 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. See also "Notes with a 
maturity of less than one year" above. 
Issue Price: .............................................. 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, 
par, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The price 
and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Form of Notes: ........................................ 
Each Tranche of Notes (except Swedish Registered Notes 
and VPS Notes) will initially be represented by a 
temporary global Note (or if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, a permanent global Note) which will be

--- Page 10 ---
10 
deposited on the relevant Issue Date with, in the case of 
global Notes which are not intended to be issued in new 
global note ("NGN") form (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed 
clearance system or, in the case of global Notes which are 
intended to be issued in NGN form, a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  A 
temporary global Note will be exchangeable, upon 
request, as described therein for either a permanent global 
Note or definitive Notes (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, 
to such notice period as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), in each case not earlier than 40 days after 
the Issue Date upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a permanent 
global Note either (i) is exchangeable (in whole but not in 
part) for definitive Notes upon not less than 60 days' 
notice or (ii) is only exchangeable (in whole but not in 
part) for definitive Notes upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, as described in "Form of the Notes" 
below. 
 
Any interest in a global Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other agreed clearance system, as appropriate. 
 
Swedish Registered Notes will be issued in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book entry form.  See "Form of the 
Notes" below. 
 
VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form, with the legal title 
thereto being evidenced by book entries in the records of 
Euronext VPS.  See "Form of the Notes" below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: .................................... 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and on 
redemption. 
 
Interest will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: ............................... 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for

--- Page 11 ---
11 
each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both, each of which, if 
relevant, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Depending on whether "Term Rate" or "Overnight Rate" 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, Condition 4(b)(ii)(D) or Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) (as 
applicable) will apply such that, on the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (as 
applicable) such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms, then 
the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and 
following consultation with an Independent Adviser) be 
permitted to substitute such benchmark and/or screen rate 
(as applicable) with a successor, replacement or 
alternative 
benchmark 
and/or 
screen 
rate 
(with 
consequent amendment to the terms of the relevant Notes 
and the application of an adjustment spread (which could 
be positive, negative or zero)). See Condition 4(b)(ii)(D) 
and Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) for further information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: ................................ 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal 
amount or at a discount to their nominal amount and will 
not bear interest other than in the case of late payment. 
Redemption: ............................................ 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of 
Notes will indicate either that the Notes of such Tranche 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of 
Default), or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice 
(or such other notice period (if any) as is indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
terms as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes will be redeemed at 
their principal amount on maturity. 
Denomination of Notes: .......................... 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency 
(see "Notes with a maturity of less than one year" above) 
and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA

--- Page 12 ---
12 
or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: ................................................. 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed within Sweden, subject as provided in 
Condition 7.  In the event that any such deduction is 
made, 
the 
Issuer 
will, 
save 
in 
certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: ..................................... 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 3. 
Cross Default: ......................................... 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross-default 
provision as further described in Condition 9. 
Status of the Notes: ................................. 
The 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu, without any preference among 
themselves and equally with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (if any) of the 
Issuer, except as mandatorily preferred by law. 
Rating: ..................................................... 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating 
agency (i) established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (ii) established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
The Programme has been rated as follows: 
Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"): 
Baa1 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & 
Poor's"): BBB+ 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will 
not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the 
Programme.  A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: ................................................... 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus.  Application has been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes 
(other than Swedish Registered Notes) issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes (other than Swedish Registered Notes) may be 
listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to 
the Series.  Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued.  The applicable 
Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
 
No application has been made to list the Swedish 
Registered Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
any other stock exchange. 
Governing Law: ...................................... 
The Notes (other than (i) the registration of VPS Notes in 
Euronext VPS and (ii) the Swedish Registered Notes) and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes (other than (i) the registration 
of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS and (ii) the Swedish 
Registered Notes) will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law.  The registration of VPS 
Notes in Euronext VPS will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law.  The 
Swedish Registered Notes and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Swedish Registered Notes will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central 
Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 (the 
"CSD Act") which implements Regulation (EU) No. 
909/2014 (the "CSDR") into Norwegian law, any 
regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules and 
procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or 
replaced from time to time. The holders of VPS Notes 
will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the 
obligations and liabilities which arise under the CSD Act 
and any related regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: ................................ 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United 
States, the EEA, the UK, Japan and Belgium, and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes.  
See "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that Telia Company may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of 
factors which individually or together could result in Telia Company becoming unable to make all 
payments due.  Telia Company may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it 
currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events 
outside Telia Company's control.  Telia Company has identified in this Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
References in this Prospectus to "Telia Company" shall be construed as references to the Issuer. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
 
1. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT TELIA COMPANY'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Telia Company operates in a broad range of geographical product and service markets in the highly 
competitive and regulated telecommunications industry.  As a result, Telia Company is subject to a 
variety of risks and uncertainties.  Telia Company has defined risk as anything that could have a 
material adverse effect on the achievement of Telia Company's goals.  Risks can be threats, 
uncertainties or lost opportunities relating to Telia Company's current or future operations or 
activities. Set forth below is a description of some of the factors that may affect its business, brand 
perception, financial position and results of operations.  
(i) 
Strategic risks  
 
Execution and transformation 
 
To effectively execute its strategy, Telia Company is investing in business transformation to improve 
agility and flexibility, reduce cost and complexity, and increase competitiveness, with the aim of 
boosting the attraction of its customer offering and, ultimately, its financial performance. 
Continuously managing risks, prioritising the most important initiatives, and removing barriers to 
execution are key requirements for success.  
 
The success of any such transformation and growth initiatives is dependent, amongst other things, on 
global economic conditions ("Risk Factors – Factors that may affect Telia Company's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme – Macroeconomic and geopolitical),  
complex project interdependencies, Telia Company's suppliers and partners delivering on their 
obligations, internal capability shifts and competitor reactions as well as the dynamics of fast-shifting 
customer behaviour. The growth of Telia Company's connectivity business is also dependent on 
current and future regulation as well as the outcome and prices set in spectrum permit auctions (as to 
which please see below under "Risk Factors – Factors that may affect Telia Company's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme – Legal and regulatory risks – Regulation 
and licences"). 
 
Telia Company transformation initiatives set out a series of financial and non-financial benefits to be 
achieved across Telia Company. Failure to execute could have a negative impact on business

--- Page 15 ---
15 
transformation and growth initiatives, potentially deferring revenue upside and delaying cost 
reductions and efficiency gains from transformed operations. 
(ii) 
Financial risks 
Commercial and business model disruption 
 
High inflation and increased interest rates risk driving the economy further into recession. At the same 
time, Telia Company's industry is undergoing a historical transformation and there is an increasing 
need for innovation to ensure growth and maintain competitiveness. In addition there is continued 
price pressure on Telia Company's services, driven by increasing competition in its business-to-
business and business-to-consumer businesses. 
 
Failure to anticipate and respond to the macroeconomic risks and changes in industry dynamics, and 
to drive a change agenda that meets mature and developing demands in the market, may affect Telia 
Company’s results and position in the value chain. Competition from a variety of sources, including 
current market participants, new entrants and new products and services, continues to intensify and 
may also adversely affect Telia Company’s results. 
Impairment losses and restructuring charges 
 
Factors generally affecting the markets in which Telia Company operates, as well as changes in the 
economic, regulatory, business or political and societal environment, may negatively change 
management's expectation of future cash flows attributable to certain assets. Telia Company may then 
be required to recognise asset impairment losses, including but not limited to goodwill and fair value 
adjustments recorded in connection with historical or future acquisitions.  
 
Significant adverse changes in the economic, regulatory, business, political or societal environment, 
as well as in Telia Company's business plans, may affect Telia Company's financial position, the 
results of operations, impairment losses and restructuring charges. 
(iii) 
Operational and societal risks 
 
Macroeconomic and geopolitical  
 
The overall macroeconomic environment is becoming increasingly uncertain. High inflation and 
rising interest rates may have a negative impact on customers’ buying behaviour and Telia Company's 
business. The length, impact and outcome of the Russian invasion of Ukraine is highly unpredictable 
and raises numerous risks, including further destabilisation and deterioration of the macroeconomic 
environment and increased likelihood of cyberattacks that may affect Telia Company's networks 
(please see "Risk Factors – Factors that may affect Telia Company's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme – Operational and societal risks – Russian military action 
in Ukraine). The energy crisis, brought about by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other 
environmental factors, has resulted in higher prices and increased volatility in the energy market and 
an overall weaker macroeconomic environment. Tensions between China and Taiwan contribute to 
increasing supply-chain uncertainties that may develop into a global semiconductor shortage.  
 
Volatility in energy costs have had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on Telia 
Company’s energy expenses. In addition, high energy prices and high interest rates may have a 
negative impact on customer buying behaviour, which could have an adverse impact on Telia 
Company’s earnings. Supply disruptions and delays, in particular in connection with semiconductors, 
will likely lead to further price increases in products purchased by Telia Company, therefore reducing 
earnings.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Cybersecurity, network quality, and resilience 
 
Telia Company's ability to deliver high-quality, secure services and networks is fundamental to its 
customers and critical for its commercial success. Cyberattacks aimed directly at Telia Company and 
its customers are becoming more sophisticated, and threats include loss of data and damage to Telia 
Company's services. Telia Company may also be impacted indirectly by cyberattacks against critical 
infrastructure. Preventive measures combined with preparedness and efficient continuity planning, 
incident management and crisis management are key to avoid unwanted consequences from incidents 
and disturbances.   
 
Failure to meet Telia Company's customers' quality requirements and expectations may have an 
adverse impact on its business, leading to regulatory consequences, fines, contract penalties, damage 
to Telia Company's reputation, and/or customer churn. New security and national security regulatory 
requirements may impact how Telia Company builds its infrastructure and its ways of working, 
potentially leading to cost increases. 
 
Russian military action in Ukraine 
 
On 24 February 2022, Russian military forces launched military action against Ukraine, and sustained 
conflict and disruption in the region has ensued. Although the length, impact and outcome of the 
ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict has already led to significant 
market disruption (including as a result of sanctions imposed in response to the conflict) and further 
market disruption can reasonably be expected. This disruption may include significant volatility in 
commodity prices, international credit and capital markets, and asset prices, as well as supply chain 
interruptions and deteriorating financing conditions. Telia Company is actively monitoring the 
situation in Ukraine and assessing its impact on its business which may include the impact of 
increased energy prices, disruptions and delays to supplies (in particular from Asia) and a decrease in 
travel to and from the Nordic and Baltic countries, leading to a potential decrease in roaming 
revenues. Any of these consequences may have a negative impact on Telia Company's revenues. 
Customer privacy 
 
Ensuring the privacy and security of its customers' data is vital for Telia Company's business. Vast 
amounts of data are generated in and through Telia Company's services and networks and Telia 
Company has a responsibility to protect this data from misuse, loss, unauthorised disclosure or 
damage. New ways of connecting as well as data-driven business models increase the complexity of 
understanding and retaining control over how data is collected and used. 
 
Actual or perceived issues related to network integrity, data security and customer privacy may 
violate users' privacy rights and lead to an unfavourable perception of how Telia Company handles 
these matters, which in turn may adversely impact its business. Failing to comply with national and 
EU legislation may result in significant financial penalties. 
 
Human Rights 
 
Human rights are universal, indivisible, and interdependent, making them challenging to rank and 
compare. Telia Company continuously works to identify the most salient human rights risks in its 
markets and value chain. Telia Company applies continuous human rights due diligence and conduct 
human rights impact assessments when there is a need for greater insight into the risk in question. 
Telia Company sees growing stakeholder expectations from investors, business/public customers and 
regulators, including in relation to upcoming legislation on human rights due diligence and a social 
taxonomy.  
 
Actual or perceived failure in respecting human rights may harm any person who is entitled to such 
rights. Actual or perceived failure may also damage the reputation of Telia Company, leading to loss

--- Page 17 ---
17 
of customer trust and/or exclusion from procurement or institutional investments. Network shutdowns 
and blocking limits business, which may negatively affect Telia Company's revenue. 
 
Capabilities, skills, competence and leadership 
 
People are at the core of everything Telia Company does and their talents enable Telia Company to 
execute on its strategy. Following the COVID-19 pandemic, the competition for talent has increased. 
To secure access to the right talent and execute its strategy, Telia Company needs to attract and retain 
highly skilled employees and continuously develop its capabilities and competencies. Creating a 
strong culture focusing on accountability, ownership and clarity has raised expectations related to 
speed of execution, people engagement and customer experience. 
 
The high pace of change and cost pressures within Telia Company could have a negative impact on 
employee health and wellbeing and in turn create challenges for retaining employees. A shortage of 
critical capabilities and competencies could lead to a shift in workforce composition and limit the 
progress on transformation and result in costs for Telia Company. 
 
Corruption and unethical business practices 
 
The telecommunications industry is susceptible to a range of corrupt practices as it requires 
government approvals and necessitates large investments. In general, key areas with elevated 
corruption risks include the licensing process, market regulation and price setting, the supply chain, 
third-party management, and customer relations. Mergers and acquisitions may pose risks of 
corruption, fraud and unethical business practices and require extensive buyer/seller due diligence. 
 
Actual or perceived corruption or unethical business practices may damage the reputation of Telia 
Company. Actual corrupt activity may result in loss of trust and customers, financial penalties and 
debarment from procurement and institutional investment processes. As corruption is often a barrier 
for human rights and equal opportunities, actual corruption or fraud may lead to Telia Company being 
associated with human rights violations (please see "Risk Factors – Factors that may affect Telia 
Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme – Operational and 
societal risks – Human rights"). 
 
Third-party management 
 
Telia Company relies on a vast number of suppliers, partners, and customers, some of which are in 
countries or industries that face challenges in upholding ethical and sustainable business practices. 
Despite efforts to conduct due diligence and audits, suppliers and business partners may be in 
violation of Telia Company's requirements and/or national and international laws and regulations. 
National and international sanctions programmes may also be imposed on Telia Company's third 
parties, which may have a negative impact on its business. 
 
Failure of Telia Company's suppliers and partners to adhere to relevant laws, regulations and supplier 
requirements may risk or violate human and labour rights. Such failure or perceived failure may also 
damage the perception of Telia Company among customers or other stakeholders and potentially 
result in regulatory consequences for Telia Company. Violations of laws, regulations or supplier 
requirements put suppliers and sub-contractors at risk of needing to limit or terminate their operations, 
which may lead to Telia Company needing to seek new suppliers. This may have a negative impact on 
costs and/or delivery times. Violation of national and international sanctions programmes by third 
parties that Telia Company contracts with may result in penalties and damage to Telia Company's 
brand and reputation.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Environment and climate change 
 
Increasing requirements and expectations are applied to Telia Company by customers, policy makers, 
investors, and others to manage negative impacts on environment and climate. Due to climate change, 
increasing numbers of extreme weather events (such as heat waves, flooding, and thunderstorms) pose 
risks to Telia Company's infrastructures and services, which, in turn, are vital for societies to function. 
 
Failure to deliver on Telia Company's commitments and goals and thereby not meeting stakeholders’ 
requirements and/or expectations may lead to negative reputation, loss of revenue, inability to attract 
talent or limited access to “green capital”. Increasing electricity prices, scarcity of renewable energy 
certificates or the introduction of carbon taxation could increase operational costs. Extreme weather 
may lead to operational disruptions and drive the need for additional investments. 
(iv) 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Regulation and licenses 
 
Telia Company operates in a highly regulated industry. New legislation and precedents are constantly 
being developed, for example on net neutrality. This regulatory landscape imposes limits on the 
flexibility Telia Company has to manage its business. In several countries, Telia entities are 
designated as parties with significant market power in one or several telecom submarkets. As a result, 
Telia Company is required to provide certain services on regulated terms and prices, which may differ 
from the terms on which it would otherwise have provided those services. Effects from regulatory 
intervention may be both retroactive and prospective.  
 
Regulatory changes and fragmented local implementation and interpretation affecting Telia 
Company's business activities, as well as decisions by regulatory authorities or courts, including the 
granting or amending of telecom licences and spectrum permits and increasing national security 
requirements, may affect Telia Company's strategy, ability to conduct business, and financial results. 
Legal, governmental and administrative proceedings 
A number of investigations have been conducted in recent years in respect of Telia Company's 
operations in Eurasia by authorities in Sweden, the Netherlands and the United States. 
There is always a risk that actions may be taken by the police, prosecution or regulatory authorities in 
other jurisdictions against Telia Company's operations or transactions, or against third parties, 
whether they be Swedish or non-Swedish individuals or legal entities, and that this might directly or 
indirectly harm Telia Company's business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows or 
brand reputation. 
(v) 
Actions by the largest shareholder 
As of 31 December 2022, the Swedish State held 39.5 per cent. of Telia Company's outstanding 
shares. Accordingly, the Swedish State, acting alone, may have the power to influence any matters 
submitted for a vote of shareholders. The interests of the Swedish State in deciding these matters 
could be different from the interests of Telia Company's other shareholders or from the interests of 
Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Financial risk management 
Telia Company is exposed to financial risks such as credit risk, liquidity risk, currency risk, interest 
rate risk, financing risk and pension obligation risk.  Financial risk management is centralised in the 
Group Treasury unit and is described more fully in "Telia Company AB (publ) – Financial risk

--- Page 19 ---
19 
management". Failure to effectively manage and hedge these financial risks could have a negative 
impact on Telia Company's financial position and results of operations. 
 
2. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
 
MARKET 
RISKS 
ASSOCIATED 
WITH 
NOTES 
ISSUED 
UNDER 
THE 
 
PROGRAMME 
(i) 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the 
most common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value.  During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider the 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the 
Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" could adversely affect the value of any Notes linked to 
or referencing such "benchmarks"  
Benchmark reform in general 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including Programme Benchmarks) 
are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of

--- Page 20 ---
20 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".   
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) 
prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of 
a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register 
(or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing any Programme Benchmark, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the relevant Programme Benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant Programme Benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst 
other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a Programme Benchmark. 
Benchmark discontinuation under the Conditions 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event or a 
Benchmark Transition Event (as applicable) occurs in respect of the Original Reference Rate for the 
relevant Series of Notes. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference 
to a Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate or a Benchmark Replacement (as applicable and each as 
defined in the Conditions), with the application of an adjustment spread (if any such adjustment 
spread is determined) or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as defined in the Conditions), and may

--- Page 21 ---
21 
include amendments to the Conditions to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement 
benchmark, as further described in Conditions 4(b)(ii)(D) and 4(b)(ii)(E).  
An adjustment spread, if determined, or a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment could be positive, 
negative or zero and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions). 
However, it may not be possible to determine an adjustment spread and, even if an adjustment spread 
or a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment is applied, it may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest.  
The use of a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement (including with the 
application of an adjustment spread or a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as applicable)) may 
still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (as applicable), 
no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement is determined, the Rate of Interest on 
Notes which reference the Original Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the Original 
Reference Rate is to be determined under the Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) be 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the Original Reference Rate 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. Due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates, Alternative Rates and Benchmark Replacements, the involvement of 
an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms 
and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate 
The applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes may provide that the Rate of Interest 
for such Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR. SOFR is an ‘overnight rate’. Overnight rates 
differ from inter-bank offered rates, such as EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR, in a number of 
material respects, including (without limitation) that such rates are backwards-looking, risk-free 
overnight rates, whereas inter-bank offered rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term 
and include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that 
SOFR, as an overnight rate, may behave materially differently as an interest reference rate for Notes 
issued under the Programme compared to inter-bank offered rates. The use of overnight rates such as 
SOFR as reference rates for Eurobonds is subject to continued change and development, both in terms 
of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
the issuance and trading of Eurobonds referencing such overnight rates. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing SOFR should be aware that the market 
continues to develop in relation to SOFR in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to 
inter-bank offered rates. Market participants, industry groups and/or central bank-led working groups 
have explored compounded and weighted average rates and observation methodologies for such rates 
(including so-called ‘shift’ and ‘lag’ methodologies) and forward-looking ‘term’ reference rates

--- Page 22 ---
22 
derived from these overnight rates have also been, or are being, developed. The adoption of overnight 
rates may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from 
another reference rate to an overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt SOFR in a way that differs significantly from the 
provisions relating to SOFR set out in the Conditions. In addition, the methodology for determining 
any overnight rate index for SOFR could change during the life of any Notes referencing SOFR. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms 
of interest determination when compared with any previous SOFR-referencing Notes issued by it 
under the Programme. The continued development of SOFR as an interest reference rate for the 
Eurobond markets and the market infrastructure for adopting it, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any Notes referencing 
SOFR issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference SOFR is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference SOFR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast 
to inter-bank-based Notes, if Notes referencing SOFR rate become due and payable as a result of an 
Event of Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior 
to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially when compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing SOFR. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect 
to any Notes referencing SOFR. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
green assets 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to invest an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes into one or more 
Eligible Green Projects (as defined under the Issuer's Green Bond Framework available on its 
website) ("Eligible Green Projects"). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Notes 
nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other 
assets and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Notes and any Eligible Green 
Projects. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and the Second 
Party Opinion are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Prospectus. 
In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of an amount equal to such proceeds for 
any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor

--- Page 23 ---
23 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that 
such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be 
given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects 
will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-
labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will 
not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Projects. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any 
subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) (including, 
without limitation, the Second Party Opinion) which may be made available in connection with the 
issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current 
as at the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, 
the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the 
Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of 
any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during 
the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to invest an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes so 
specified for Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final 
Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or

--- Page 24 ---
24 
partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects. The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there 
are at any time sufficient Eligible Green Projects to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net 
proceeds of the issue of such Notes in full. The net proceeds of the issue of any such Notes which, 
from time to time, are not allocated as funding for Eligible Green Projects are intended by the Issuer 
to be held pending allocation in cash, cash equivalents and/or other short-term liquid instruments. 
Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with any particular results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment). Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Notes. 
Any such event or failure to invest an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Notes for any 
Eligible Green Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any 
such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no 
longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other 
Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  
The payments of principal and interest on any Notes shall not depend on the performance of the 
relevant Eligible Green Projects or any other environmental targets of the Issuer, nor will any 
investors in the same have any preferred right against such assets. The withdrawal of any opinion or 
certification as described above, or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Notes, and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
Investors should refer to the Issuer's Green Bond Framework for further information. 
(ii) 
Risks related to all Notes 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to all Notes: 
Meetings 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use 
of an audio or video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting 
their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing.  These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, 
as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution, and including those Noteholders who voted in 
a manner contrary to the majority. 
Change of law 
Except for the provisions relating to registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS and for Swedish 
Registered Notes, the Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. 
The registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Norwegian law and the Swedish Registered Notes shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Swedish law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English law or administrative practice, Norwegian law and administrative 
practice or Swedish law and administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus and any such 
change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Investors holding less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that their holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that their holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
(iii) 
Risks related to the market 
Set out below is a description of the material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market 
for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of 
Notes typically would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. In addition, should the Issuer be in financial distress, this is likely to 
have a further significant impact on the secondary market for the Notes and investors may have to sell 
their Notes at a substantial discount to their principal amount. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified 
Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due 
to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes.  The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either 
be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating 
agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency 
subject as set out herein.  The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and (except in the case of Swedish Registered Notes) 
will be set out in the Conditions endorsed on, attached to, or otherwise deemed to apply to, the Notes, 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, endorsed on, or otherwise deemed to apply to, 
such Notes, as more fully described under "Form of the Notes" below.  In the case of Swedish 
Registered Notes, the applicable terms thereof are those set out in the Conditions appearing in this 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
This Prospectus will only be valid for listing Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in an 
aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of 
all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed €12,000,000,000 
or its equivalent in other currencies.  For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Notes, described under "Form of the Notes") 
shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as of the date on which agreement is 
reached for the issue of Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London, in each case on the basis 
of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the 
London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected by the 
Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; and 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the relevant Notes, described under "Form of the Notes") and other Notes issued at 
a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the 
net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Prospectus shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) 
Annual and Sustainability Report 2021 
The Issuer's annual and sustainability report for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 
Annual 
Report") 
(which 
can 
be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/reports/2021/annual/telia-company-annual-and-sustainability-report-
2021_1103.pdf), which contains, amongst other things, the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Issuer and auditors report for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 which appear on pages 124 to 217 and 251 to 254 of the 2021 Annual Report, 
including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income ............................................................. 124 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position ...................................................................... 125 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ................................................................................ 126 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity ..................................................................... 127 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ................................................................... 128-217 
Auditorsꞌ Report .............................................................................................................. 251-254 
Alternative Performance Measurements ......................................................................... 259-262 
Definitions ...................................................................................................................... 263-264 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than 
information required by the relevant Annexes of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
(b) 
Annual and Sustainability Report 2022 
The Issuer's annual and sustainability report for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the "2022 
Annual 
Report") 
(which 
can 
be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/reports/2022/annual/telia-company-annual-and-sustainability-report-
2022_eng_final.pdf), which contains, amongst other things, the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Issuer and auditors report for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 which appear on pages 129 to 215 and 248 to 252 of the 2022 Annual Report, 
including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income ............................................................. 129 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position ...................................................................... 130 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ................................................................................ 131 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity ..................................................................... 132 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ................................................................... 133-215 
Auditorsꞌ Report .............................................................................................................. 248-252 
Alternative Performance Measurements ......................................................................... 256-259 
Definitions ...................................................................................................................... 260-261 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than 
information required by the Delegated Regulation.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
(c) 
The following unaudited interim financial statements and sections of the Issuer's Interim 
Report for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (the "Q1 2023 Financial Statements") 
(which 
can 
be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/reports/2023/q1/telia-company-q1-2023-eng.pdf):  
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income ............................................ 16 
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position ..................................................... 17 
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ............................................................... 18 
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity .................................................... 19 
Notes ................................................................................................................................... 20-32 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 37 
(d) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 6 May 2009 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2009.pdf) on pages 
33 to 52; 
(e) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 6 May 2010 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2010.pdf) on pages 
33 to 52; 
(f) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 6 May 2011 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2011.pdf) on pages 
34 to 54 inclusive; 
(g) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 3 May 2012 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2012.pdf) on pages 
47 to 76 inclusive;  
(h) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 26 April 2013 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2013.pdf) on pages 
40 to 69 inclusive; 
(i) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 7 May 2014 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2014.pdf) on pages 
42 to 71 inclusive; 
(j) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 7 May 2015 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2015.pdf) on pages 
42 to 71 inclusive; 
(k) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 10 May 2016 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2016.pdf) on pages 
41 to 70 inclusive; 
(l) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 10 May 2017 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-

--- Page 30 ---
30 
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2017.pdf) on pages 
41 to 71 inclusive; 
(m) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 4 May 2018 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2018.pdf) on pages 
41 to 71 inclusive; 
(n) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 8 May 2019 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/other-information/emtn-prospectus-2019.pdf) on pages 49 to 
91 inclusive;  
(o) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 7 May 2020 (which can be 
accessed at https://teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-company/documents/investors/emtn-
program/emtn-program-prospectus-2020.pdf) on pages 46 to 89 inclusive;  
(p) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 5 May 2021 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/uko2-2002494446-v1-telia-emtn-programme-
update-2021---prospectus-dated-5-may-2021.pdf) on pages 48 to 91 inclusive; and 
(q) 
the terms and conditions contained in the prospectus dated 5 May 2022 (which can be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/emtn-program/emtn-program-prospectus-2022.pdf) on pages 
49 to 101 inclusive. 
In respect of the Issuer's Interim Report referred to in (c) above and the prospectuses referred to in (d) 
to (q) above, any non-incorporated parts of such document are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Prospectus a supplement to the Prospectus may be prepared by the 
Issuer and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
In accordance with Article 21(7) of the Prospectus Regulation, the hyperlinks to the documents 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus shall remain available for at least 10 years from the 
date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes (except Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes) will initially be 
represented by a temporary global Note (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global Note) without interest coupons or talons, which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and 
(ii) 
if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a temporary global Note, payments of principal and interest (if any) 
due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the 
temporary global Note if the temporary global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to 
the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of 
interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a 
like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent.  Any reference in this 
section "Form of the Notes" to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Sweden and/or 
Euronext VPS shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the date on which any temporary 
global Note is issued (the "Distribution Compliance Period"), interests in such temporary global 
Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either for (i) interests 
in a permanent global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Notes of the same Series with, 
where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given.  The holder of a temporary global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest or principal due on or after the Exchange Date unless upon due 
certification, exchange of the temporary global Note for an interest in a permanent global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.  Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) the Agent shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes 
at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the 
Notes of such Tranche. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a permanent global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the permanent global Note if the permanent global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification.   
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a permanent global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and

--- Page 32 ---
32 
talons attached upon either (i) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such permanent global Note) to 
the Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
therein.  A Permanent Global Note representing Notes having denominations consisting of a 
minimum Specified Denomination and integral multiples of a smaller amount there above may only 
be exchanged for definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event. 
"Exchange Event" means (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has 
been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or has 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no alternative 
clearing system is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such permanent global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange 
shall occur not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
Global Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
The following legend will appear on all global Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), definitive 
Notes, interest coupons and talons where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE 
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in 
respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
A Note may be accelerated automatically by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Events of Default".  In such circumstances, where any Note is 
still represented by a global Note and a holder of such Note so represented and credited to its 
securities account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg gives notice that it wishes to accelerate 
such Note, unless within a period of 15 days from the giving of such notice payment has been made in 
full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such global Note, such global Note will 
become void at 8.00 pm (London time) on such day.  At the same time, holders of interests in such 
global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of 
account provided by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, on and subject to the terms of a deed of 
covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 8 May 2019 executed by the Issuer. 
Each Tranche of Swedish Registered Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised 
registered form in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
(SFS 1998:1479).  The holder of a Swedish Registered Note will be the person evidenced as such by a 
book entry in the records of Euroclear Sweden.  Where a nominee is so evidenced it shall be treated as 
the holder of the relevant Swedish Registered Note. 
The VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title to the 
VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. Issues of VPS Notes 
will be constituted by the VPS Trustee Agreement and are subject to the VPS Agency Agreement 
(each as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). On the issue of VPS Notes, the Issuer 
will send a letter to the VPS Trustee (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), with a

--- Page 33 ---
33 
copy sent to the VPS Agent (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") (the "VPS 
Letter"), which will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Following notification to the VPS Agent of the terms relating to the relevant VPS Notes by (or on 
behalf of) the Issuer and of the subscribers and their Euronext VPS account details by the relevant 
Dealer, the VPS Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will credit each subscribing account holder with 
Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place 
two Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant 
VPS Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext 
VPS. 
VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for any physical note or document of title other than statements 
of account made by Euronext VPS.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"),

--- Page 35 ---
35 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Date] 
TELIA COMPANY AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [213800FSR9RNDUOTXO25/[          ]]  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Prospectus dated 4 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") (the "Prospectus").  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Prospectus has been published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus dated [6 May 2009 / 6 May 2010 / 6 May 2011 / 3 May 2012 
/ 26 April 2013 / 7 May 2014 / 7 May 2015 / 10 May 2016 / 10 May 2017 / 4 May 2018 / 8 May 2019 / 
7 May 2020 / 5 May 2021 / 5 May 2022] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 
4 May 2023.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 4 
May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Prospectus") including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The 
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs.  Italics denote guidance for completing Final Terms.]

--- Page 36 ---
36 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph [  ] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
— 
Series: 
[          ] 
— 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[          ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
 
(Note – in the case of Notes other than VPS 
Notes, where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above €199,000.") 
 
(Note – in the case of VPS Notes, the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof.") 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[          ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 37 ---
37 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate — specify date/Floating rate — 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[          ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[     ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]/Compounded 
Daily SOFR] +/– [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [    ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
and 14 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[        ] [and [        ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[s] of Interest: 
[          ] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year from and including [          ] 
up to and including the Maturity Date 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [          ]] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify other]] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(iv) 
Type of Rate: 
[Term Rate/Overnight Rate] 
(v) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Lag Period: 
[[5/[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
(A minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days should be specified for the Lag 
Period, unless otherwise agreed with the Agent 
or, as the case may be, the VPS Calculation 
Agent) 
(vii) 
Observation Shift Period: 
[[5/[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
(A minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days should be specified for the 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Agent or, as the case may be, the 
VPS Calculation Agent) 
(viii) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Relevant Number: 
[[          ]/[5]/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Numerator: 
[[          ]/[360]/Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
D: 
[[          ]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 39 ---
39 
(xii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent or, as 
the case may be, the VPS 
Calculation Agent): 
[          ] 
(xiii) 
Reference Rate: 
[Reference 
Rate: 
[       ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable if interest will be determined on 
the basis of a Term Rate.)  
(xiv) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
(The second day on which T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if STIBOR and the second 
Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if NIBOR and the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling after 
the last day of the relevant Observation Period if 
SOFR) 
(xv) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[          ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(xvi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [          ] per cent. per annum 
(xvii) Minimum Interest Rate: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xviii) Maximum Interest Rate: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 40 ---
40 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice periods for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum period: [          ] [30] days 
Maximum period: [          ] [60] days 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[In respect of [          ]: ][          ] per Calculation 
Amount] [Sterling Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount] 
[Non-Sterling 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] 
[[In respect of [          ]: ][          ] per Calculation 
Amount] [Sterling Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount] 
[Non-Sterling 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount]]  
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[[     ]/FA Selected Bond/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
[     ] 
(v) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[     ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(vii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] [15] days 
Maximum period: [     ] [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
18. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 41 ---
41 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] [15] days 
Maximum period: [     ] [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
19. 
Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Put Date: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Put Period: 
[          ] 
20. 
Issuer Residual Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Residual Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount]  
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(For all Notes, other than Zero Coupon Notes, 
the Final Redemption Amount will be 100 per 
cent. of the Calculation Amount per Calculation 
Amount.) 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
(For Swedish Registered Notes:) 
[Uncertificated and dematerialised registered 
form] 
 
(For Notes in bearer form:)

--- Page 42 ---
42 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which 
is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event].]  (This option is suitable for TEFRA D) 
 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and after 
the Exchange Date.]  (This option is suitable for 
TEFRA D) 
 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event] (This option is suitable for TEFRA C) 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable 
if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 5 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]."  Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which 
is to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(For VPS Notes:) 
[VPS 
Notes 
issued in 
uncertificated 
and 
dematerialised book-entry registered form] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(This sub-paragraph is not applicable to Swedish 
Registered Notes) 
24. 
Green Bonds: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[          ]] 
 
(This item is not applicable to Swedish 
Registered Notes.  Note that this item relates to 
the date and place of payment, and not Interest 
Period end dates, to which item 14(iii) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[specify relevant information relating to the Notes] has been extracted from [specify source].  The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware

--- Page 43 ---
43 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: _____________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 44 ---
44 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market with effect from [          ].] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[          ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
[Relevant rating agency] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended)[ as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018] (the "[UK ]CRA Regulation").]] (Repeat 
as necessary and amend depending on status of 
relevant rating agency.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. — 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a

--- Page 45 ---
45 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes/[          ]] 
(Where relevant, details of the Eligible Green 
Project(s) may be included.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[          ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[          ]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[          ], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not 
Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[          ], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not 
Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)/Euroclear 
Sweden 
AB, 
Sweden.  
Euroclear 
Sweden 
identification 
number: 
[          ].  The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain 
information from the register maintained by 
Euroclear 
Sweden 
[for 
the 
purposes 
of 
performing its obligation under the Swedish 
Registered 
Notes]/the 
Norwegian 
Central 
Securities 
Depository 
(formerly 
named 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext 
Securities Oslo) ("Euronext VPS"), Euronext 
VPS identification number: [     ]. The Issuer and 
the VPS Trustee shall be entitled to obtain certain 
information from the register maintained by 
Euronext VPS for these purposes] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
[          ]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
any) or alternative VPS Agent (if 
applicable): 
(viii) 
VPS Calculation Agent: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(N.B. VPS Notes only) 
(ix) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 13: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the day 
on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  
 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)

--- Page 48 ---
48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") of the Notes in bearer form which will 
be incorporated by reference into each global Note and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at 
the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon 
or attached thereto such Conditions.  The following Conditions will also be applicable to each 
Swedish Registered Note and to each VPS Note.  VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title other than statements of account made by Euronext VPS.  The applicable 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
temporary global Note, permanent global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to 
"Form of Final Terms" above for the form of the Final Terms which specifies certain capitalised 
terms as defined in the following Conditions. 
The following is the text of the Conditions of the Notes, save for the paragraphs in italics, which shall 
not form part of the Conditions of the Notes: 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Telia Company AB (publ) (the 
"Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below) or, in the case of VPS Notes (as 
defined below) only, issued by the Issuer in accordance with and subject to the agreement dated 8 
May 2019 made between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS (the "VPS Trustee", which expression 
shall include any successor as VPS Trustee) (such agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "VPS Trustee Agreement").  The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of 
the holders for the time being of VPS Notes in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee 
Agreement and these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions" and references to a numbered 
"Condition" shall be construed accordingly).  Nordic Trustee AS will also act as calculation agent in 
respect of VPS Notes (the "VPS Calculation Agent", which expression shall include any successor or 
alternative VPS Calculation Agent that may be appointed).  The VPS Notes will be created and held 
in uncertificated book-entry form in accounts with Euronext VPS.  The VPS Agent (as defined below) 
will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with Euronext VPS in respect of the VPS 
Notes.   
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of each Specified Denomination 
in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
definitive Notes issued in exchange for a global Note; 
(iii) 
any global Note; 
(iv) 
Notes cleared through the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation, 
Euroclear Sweden AB, which are in registered form in accordance with the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 1998:1479) ("Swedish Registered Notes" and "Euroclear 
Sweden" respectively); and 
(v) 
any Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form ("VPS Notes") and 
cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (formerly named 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) ("Euronext VPS"). 
Except in the case of Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes, the Notes (as defined below) and the 
Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement (the 
"Agency Agreement") dated 4 May 2023, and made among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Agent", which expression shall 
include any successor agent specified in the applicable Final Terms), the other paying agents named 
therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional 
or successor paying agents) and the VPS Agent (as defined below). 
In the case of VPS Notes, the Notes have the benefit of a Paying Agency and Registrar Agreement (as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "VPS Agency Agreement") 
dated 8 May 2019 and made between the Issuer and Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge (the "VPS 
Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent in relation to VPS Notes cleared through 
Euronext VPS). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have 
interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have 
more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue.  
Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed 
to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes are in 
dematerialised form and, for the avoidance of doubt, any reference herein to Coupons, Talons or 
related expressions shall not apply to Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms which are attached to, endorsed on or otherwise deemed to apply to this Note and which 
supplement these Conditions.  References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which is attached to, endorsed on or otherwise deemed to 
apply to this Note. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" shall mean the holders of the Notes, and shall, in relation to any 
Notes represented by a global Note and, in relation to Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes, be 
construed as provided below.  Any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of 
any Coupons, and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include any holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders (other than the holders of Swedish Registered Notes or VPS 
Notes) are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") dated 8 May 2019, and 
made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by a common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each 
as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS 
Trustee Agreement (i) are available for inspection upon reasonable request during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents and (in the case of the VPS Agency 
Agreement and VPS Trustee Agreement only) at the specified office of the VPS Agent and the 
specified office of the VPS Trustee or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their 
written request to any Paying Agent or (in the case of the VPS Agency Agreement and VPS Trustee 
Agreement only) the VPS Agent and the VSP Trustee and provision of proof of holding and identity 
(in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent, the VPS Agent or the VPS Trustee, as the case 
may be).  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). If this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"), the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or 
more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent as 
to its holding of Notes and as to its identity.  
Except for holders of Swedish Registered Notes, the Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed 
to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the 
VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them.  The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Agency 
Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
The holders of Swedish Registered Notes should refer to "General Information — Documents 
Available" in the Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS 
Agency Agreement and VPS Trustee Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement, the 
VPS Agency Agreement and/or the VPS Trustee Agreement, as the case may be, and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and denomination 
The Notes are either: (i) in bearer form; or (ii) in the case of Swedish Registered Notes or 
VPS Notes, in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency 
(the 
"Specified 
Currency") 
and 
the 
denominations 
(the 
"Specified 
Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination.  Notes in 
bearer form may not be exchanged for Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes.  Swedish 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Notes in bearer form or VPS Notes.  VPS Notes 
may not be exchanged for Notes in bearer form or Swedish Registered Notes. 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
will have a minimum Specified Denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Notes, other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes, will initially be represented 
either by a temporary global Note which will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms 
for either a permanent global Note or Notes in definitive form, or by a permanent global Note 
which will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms for Notes in definitive form, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Swedish Registered Notes will be issued in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form and no global or definitive Notes will be 
issued in respect thereof, and these Conditions shall be construed accordingly.  VPS Notes

--- Page 51 ---
51 
will not be evidenced by any physical note or any other document of title other than 
statements of accounts made by Euronext VPS.   
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
(b) 
Title to Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes 
This Condition 1(b) only applies to Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer, the 
Replacement Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) and any Paying Agent may deem 
and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
("Euroclear") 
and/or 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for 
the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated 
by the Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on 
the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note, and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.   
Notes which are represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be.   
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
(c) 
Title to Swedish Registered Notes 
This Condition 1(c) only applies to Swedish Registered Notes. 
The holder of a Swedish Registered Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book 
entry in the records of Euroclear Sweden.  Title to the Swedish Registered Notes will pass by 
registration in the register between the direct or indirect accountholders at Euroclear Sweden 
in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 1998:1479) and/or 
any other legislation, rules and regulations applicable to such transfers from time to time.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant 
Swedish Registered Note. 
Each person who is for the time being shown in the register maintained by Euroclear Sweden 
(as defined below) as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear Sweden as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent 
and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly.   
Swedish Registered Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 1998:1479) and applicable Swedish law and the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear Sweden. 
References to Euroclear Sweden shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the 
Agent. 
(d) 
Title to VPS Notes 
This Condition 1(d) only applies to VPS Notes. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced (including any nominee) as such by a 
book entry in the records of Euronext VPS. The person so evidenced as a holder of VPS 
Notes shall be treated as the holder of such Notes for all purposes and the expressions 
"Noteholder", "holder of Notes" and "holder of VPS Notes" and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.  The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext 
VPS or one issued on behalf of Euronext VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a 
particular person being a holder of VPS Notes. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the relevant registers between the direct or 
indirect accountholders at Euronext VPS, in accordance with applicable law, regulations and 
the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced from time to 
time.  Each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euronext VPS as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS 
Agent and the VPS Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all 
purposes. 
VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of Euronext VPS.  References to Euronext VPS shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and equally with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer except as mandatorily preferred by law.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, lien (other than solely by operation of law), pledge or other charge 
upon the whole or any part of its undertaking or assets, present or future (including any 
uncalled capital), to secure any Public Debt of any Person or any obligation of any Person 
under any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Public Debt of any other Person 
without at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or 
providing such other security for the Notes except as shall be approved, in the case of Notes 
other than VPS Notes, by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) 
of the Noteholders or, in the case of VPS Notes only, by a majority of two-thirds of votes at a 
meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions of the VPS 
Trustee Agreement. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3, "outstanding", in the case of Notes other than Swedish 
Registered Notes and VPS Notes, has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement.  In 
the case of VPS Notes only, "outstanding" means VPS Notes to the extent not redeemed or 
otherwise discharged. 
"Public Debt" means indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are 
intended to be, quoted, listed, ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, 
over-the-counter, or other established securities market and which: 
(a) 
has an initial life exceeding 2 years; or 
(b) 
(i) 
by its terms is payable, or may be required to be paid, in or by reference to 
any currency other than Swedish Kronor; or 
(ii) 
by its terms is payable, or may be required to be paid, in or by reference to 
Swedish Kronor where more than 50 per cent. in aggregate principal amount 
of such indebtedness is initially offered outside the Kingdom of Sweden. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state, agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including or, in the case of Swedish Registered 
Notes, but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the 
Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including 
or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, but excluding) an Interest Payment Date (or the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, 
and including) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which are 
VPS Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Note or which are VPS Notes; 
(B) 
in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Fixed Rate Notes appearing on the register maintained by Euroclear Sweden on 
behalf of the Issuer; or 
(C) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for 
the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions, "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest in accordance with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, but excluding) 
the most recent Fixed Interest Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, and 
including) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, 
the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, but 
excluding) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding, or in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, 
and including) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including or, in the case of Swedish 
Registered Notes, but excluding) a Determination Date to (but excluding or, in the case of 
Swedish Registered Notes, and including) the next Determination Date (including, where 
either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and 
ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including or, in the case of Swedish 
Registered Notes, but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest 
will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an "Interest Payment Date") in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including or, in the case of Swedish 
Registered Notes, but excluding) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, 
and including) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. Unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the business day convention specified 
is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall

--- Page 56 ---
56 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which T2 is open; and 
(C) 
in the case of VPS Notes only, a day on which commercial banks, central 
securities depositories and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
Oslo. 
In these Conditions, "T2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Term Rate 
Where Term Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Type of 
Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), the Stockholm interbank 
offered rate ("STIBOR") or the Norwegian interbank offered rate 
("NIBOR"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m.                  
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR or Oslo time, in the case NIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by (in the case of Notes other than 
Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes) the Agent, (in the case of Swedish 
Registered Notes) the Calculation Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the 
VPS Calculation Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by (in the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered 
Notes or VPS Notes) the Agent, (in the case of Swedish Registered Notes) 
the Calculation Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
In the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes, the 
Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in 
the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the 
case of (1) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) 
above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
time specified in the preceding paragraph.   
In the case of VPS Notes, in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or if, in the case of (1) above, no such offered quotation appears or, 
in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the time specified in the second preceding paragraph, the VPS 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
VPS Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the time specified in the second 
preceding paragraph on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the VPS Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the VPS Calculation 
Agent. If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the VPS Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the VPS 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the VPS Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the time specified in the second

--- Page 58 ---
58 
preceding paragraph on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank market (if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the VPS Calculation 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the time specified in the second preceding paragraph on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs 
the VPS Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank 
market, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm 
office of four major banks in the Stockholm interbank market and in the case 
of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Norway office of four major 
banks in the Norwegian interbank market, in each case selected by the VPS 
Calculation Agent. 
In the case of Swedish Registered Notes, such provisions will be as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
Where Overnight Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Type 
of Rate and Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
not being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by (in 
the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes) the 
Agent, (in the case of Swedish Registered Notes) the Calculation Agent or (in 
the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. 
dollars secured overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) as calculated by (in the case of Notes other than Swedish 
Registered Notes or VPS Notes) the Agent, (in the case of Swedish 
Registered Notes) the Calculation Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the 
VPS Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in

--- Page 59 ---
59 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such 
Interest Period or, as the case may be, such Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period, means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the first day in such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) 
to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 60 ---
60 
"p" means:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified as the "Observation Shift Period" 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(E), if the rate specified in (i) above does 
not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i", the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the SOFR 
Administrator, or any successor source; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of 
Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose 
of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly. 
(C) 
Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
Where Overnight Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Type 
of Rate and Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date:  
 
and rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place (with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards), plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by (in the case of Notes other 
than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes) the Agent, (in the case of 
Swedish Registered Notes) the Calculation Agent or (in the case of VPS 
Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as 
published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor 
source; 
"Compounded Index End" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Numerator" means 360, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms but, unless 
otherwise specified, shall be five; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for 
the Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then (in the 
case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes) the Agent, 
(in the case of Swedish Registered Notes) the Calculation Agent or (in the 
case of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of 
interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as not being applicable and Observation Shift had 
been specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, and 
where the Observation Shift Period shall be deemed to be the same as the 
Relevant Number. 
If the Notes become due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of 
Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose 
of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly. 
(D) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 4(b)(ii)(D) applies only where Term Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Type of Rate. 
(1) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding Condition 4(b)(ii)(A), if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(2)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread (if any) (in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(ii)(D)(3)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(4)).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
4(b)(ii)(D) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad 
faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent 
(if applicable), (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agent, the VPS 
Trustee and the VPS Calculation Agent or the Noteholders for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D). 
If the Issuer, following consultation with an Independent Adviser, 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(2) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Period shall be determined by reference to 
the fallback provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii)(A).  For the avoidance 
of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D). 
(2) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
 
4(b)(ii)(D)(3)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
 
as provided in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(3)) subsequently be 
 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
 
operation of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)). 
(3) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
(ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be).

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(4) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D) and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Trustee Agreement 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(5), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the 
Agency Agreement and/or the VPS Trustee Agreement, as 
applicable, to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Agent or (in 
the case of VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee of a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(5), 
the Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee shall 
(at the expense and direction of the Issuer), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to implement any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of 
an agreement supplemental to or amending the Agency Agreement or 
the VPS Trustee Agreement, as the case may be) and neither the 
Agent nor the VPS Trustee shall be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof, provided that neither the Agent nor the VPS 
Trustee shall be obliged so to implement if in the opinion of the 
Agent or the VPS Trustee (as applicable) doing so would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights 
and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions 
and/or any documents to which it is a party (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any supplemental agency agreement or 
supplemental Euronext VPS trust agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(4), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(5) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), (in 
the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee and the VPS 
Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments (if any).

--- Page 65 ---
65 
No later than notifying the Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes only) 
the VPS Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent or 
(in the case of VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (I) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (II) the 
 
Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, 
 
(III) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and (IV) the 
 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee shall 
be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Agent nor (in the case of VPS Notes only) the VPS 
Trustee shall be liable to the Noteholders or any other person for so 
acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such 
modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
any such person. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
and without prejudice to the Agent's or the VPS Trustee's ability to 
rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), (in 
the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee, the VPS 
Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
(6) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii)(A) will continue to 
apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred, an 
Independent Adviser has been appointed, and the Agent or (in the 
case of VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any 
Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments determined in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(5).   
(7) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a

--- Page 66 ---
66 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in 
 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
 
or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case 
 
of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
 
Adviser, 
and 
acting 
in 
good 
faith 
and 
in 
a 
 
commercially  reasonable manner determines, is recognised 
 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
 
international debt capital markets (or alternatively, over-the-
 
counter derivative transactions) which reference the Original 
 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
 
or (if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is 
 
recognised or acknowledged); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the 
 
Independent Adviser, and acting in good faith and in a 
 
commercially 
reasonable 
manner, 
determines 
to 
be 
 
appropriate; 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which the Issuer following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(2) has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(4);  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a 
 
period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the 
 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on 
 
or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and 
 
(B) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
 
(ii)(A); or

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
 
Reference Rate  has 
been 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the 
 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the date specified 
 
in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the 
 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate 
 
will, on or before a specified date, be prohibited from being 
 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes and (B) the 
 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in (v)(A); 
 
or 
(vi) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the 
 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
 
specified date, no longer be representative of an underlying 
 
market and (B) the date falling six months prior to the date 
 
specified in (vi)(A); or 
(vii) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation 
 
Agent (if applicable), (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS 
 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
 
due to be made to any Noteholders using the Original 
 
Reference Rate; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution 
of international repute or an independent financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense 
under Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) and notified in writing to the Agent or 
(in the case of VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee; 
"Original 
Reference 
Rate" 
means 
the 
originally-specified 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or 
 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
 
(as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or 
 
co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
 
or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
 
Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
(E) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Benchmark Transition 
This Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) applies only where Overnight Rate is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the Type of Rate. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(1) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the 
Issuer determining the Benchmark Replacement which will replace such 
Original Reference Rate for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) with 
respect to such Benchmark Replacement) and any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes.  
Any Benchmark Replacement so determined by the Issuer shall have effect 
for any subsequent determination of any relevant Rate of Interest (subject to 
any further application of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) with respect to such 
Benchmark 
Replacement), 
subject, 
if 
any 
associated 
Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes are required in connection therewith, to 
such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes becoming effective in 
accordance with the following provisions.  
If, notwithstanding the Issuer’s reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser in accordance with the 
foregoing paragraphs, the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(B) or Condition 4(b)(ii)(C), as the case may be, shall apply. 
(2) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, considers 
it is necessary to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the 
Issuer shall, in consultation with the Independent Adviser, determine the 
terms of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, and shall, 
subject to giving notice in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(4) (but 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders), vary

--- Page 69 ---
69 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Agent or (in the case 
of VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee of a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(4), the Agent or (in the case of 
VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee shall (at the expense and direction of the 
Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, be obliged to use its reasonable 
endeavours to implement any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of an agreement supplemental to or 
amending the Agency Agreement or the VPS Trustee Agreement, as the case 
may be) and neither the Agent nor the VPS Trustee shall be liable to any 
party for any consequences thereof, provided that neither the Agent nor the 
VPS Trustee shall be obliged so to implement if in the opinion of the Agent 
or the VPS Trustee (as applicable) doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions 
afforded to it in these Conditions and/or any documents to which it is a party 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental agency agreement 
or supplemental Euronext VPS trust agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
4(b)(ii)(E)(2), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(3) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E): 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Issuer as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to any Interest Period, the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or 
tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Independent Adviser) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) determines 
is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator of the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than the customary or 
scheduled time for publication of the relevant reference rate in accordance with 
the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of such reference 
rate or, as the case may be, of the other relevant information service publishing 
such reference rate, on, the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to such time for such 
determination;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or 
such component), the central bank for the currency of the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or 
such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or such component) or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding 
business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the Original Reference 
Rate; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
4(b)(ii)(E)(1) and notified in writing to the Agent or (in the case of VPS 
Notes only) the VPS Trustee; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "ISDA 
Definitions") to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Original Reference Rate;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the latest version of the ISDA Definitions to be

--- Page 72 ---
72 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment;  
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Transition Events, such 
originally specified benchmark or screen rate (or any benchmark used in any 
Benchmark Replacement which has replaced it (the "Replacement 
Benchmark")) has been replaced by a (or a further) Replacement Benchmark 
and a Benchmark Transition Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Replacement Benchmark, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall be 
deemed to include any such Replacement Benchmark); 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement" 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(4) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes determined under this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), (in 
the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee and the VPS 
Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
(if any). 
No later than notifying the Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes only) 
the VPS Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent or 
(in the case of VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (I) that a Benchmark Transition Event has 
occurred, (II) the Benchmark Replacement and  (III) 
the 
specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each 
case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(E); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Replacement Benchmark. 
The Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee shall 
be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Agent nor (in the case of VPS Notes only) the VPS

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Trustee shall be liable to the Noteholders or any other person for so 
acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such 
modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
any such person. The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination 
of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any) and without prejudice to the Agent's or 
the VPS Trustee's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable), (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agent, the 
VPS Trustee, the VPS Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
(5) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(E), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) or, as the case may 
be, Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, an Independent Adviser 
has been appointed, and the Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes only) 
the VPS Trustee has been notified of the Benchmark Replacement 
and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes determined 
in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(2).   
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii) above is less than 
such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Interest Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii) above is greater 
than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes other than Floating Rate Notes which 
are Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent, in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes which are Swedish Registered Notes, or the VPS Calculation 
Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes other than Floating Rate Notes which 
are Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent, in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes which are Swedish Registered Notes, or the VPS Calculation 
Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, will calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for 
the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or 
which are VPS Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount outstanding 
of the Notes represented by such Global Note or which are VPS Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Floating Rate Notes appearing on the register maintained by 
Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer; 
(C) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual ISDA" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 76 ---
76 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes, 
the Calculation Agent, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, or the VPS 
Calculation Agent, in the case of VPS Notes, will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agent and the VPS Trustee 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in London. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of Notes admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any amendments thereto, 
will be notified to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange no later than the first day of the 
Interest Period. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions 
of this Condition 4(b), whether by the Agent, the Calculation Agent or the VPS 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable), the other Paying Agents, (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agent, the 
VPS Trustee and the VPS Calculation Agent and all Noteholders and Couponholders 
and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Agent, the Calculation Agent or the VPS 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event in 
respect of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Agent or the VPS Agent, as applicable, and notice to that effect has 
been given in accordance with Condition 13. 
In such event in respect of Swedish Registered Notes, interest will continue to accrue until the 
date the holders of the Swedish Registered Notes receive the full amount of such payments. 
(d) 
Discretions 
Notwithstanding anything included in these Conditions or any applicable Final Terms, the 
Agent (or Calculation Agent, if so appointed) will have no obligation to exercise any 
discretion (including, but not limited to, determinations of alternative or substitute 
benchmarks, successor reference rates, screen pages, interest adjustment factors/fractions or 
spreads, market disruptions, benchmark amendment conforming changes, selection and 
polling of reference banks) and any such discretion shall instead (unless an alternative method 
for determination is specified by any entity other than the Agent and/or Calculation Agent in 
these Conditions) be exercised by the Issuer (following consultation with any such 
independent advisers as it deems necessary). 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulation to which the Issuer, the Agent, a 
Paying Agent and/or the VPS Agent, as the case may be, is subject, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
References to "Specified Currency" will include any successor currency under applicable 
law. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against surrender of definitive Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
as aforesaid only against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of 
any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.  A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate 
Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such 
Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not a Fixed Interest Date or an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the 
preceding Fixed Interest Date or Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent.  A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of such 
global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will be made either on such global Note by such Paying Agent and such record shall be prima 
facie evidence that the payment in question has been made or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of this 
Note is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of this Note will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States 
if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of 
the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Swedish Registered Notes will be made to the 
persons registered as Noteholders in the register maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the fifth 
Stockholm Business Day (or such other day which may become customary on the Swedish 
bond market, which in respect of Swedish Registered Notes denominated in Swedish Kronor 
is expected to be the third Stockholm Business Day) prior to the Interest Payment Date or the 
Maturity Date, as the case may be, and in accordance with the rules and procedures applied 
by Euroclear Sweden from time to time. 
As used herein, "Stockholm Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in Stockholm. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes shall be made by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer to the holders shown in the relevant records of Euronext VPS in accordance with 
and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing Euronext VPS. 
(c) 
Payment Day for Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day 
in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay.  For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 
8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(C) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which T2 is open; 
(D) 
in the case of VPS Notes only, Oslo; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation, any Additional Financial 
Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(d) 
Payment Date for Swedish Registered Notes 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of Swedish Registered Notes is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay.  For these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
"Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business in Stockholm. 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(v) 
the Residual Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by 
the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest 
under Condition 7.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 6(g), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and 
not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Agent (in the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes), Euroclear 
Sweden (in the case of Swedish Registered Notes) or the VPS Agent (in the case of VPS 
Notes) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Sweden or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Agent (in the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS 
Notes), Euroclear Sweden (in the case of Swedish Registered Notes) or the VPS Trustee (in 
the case of VPS Notes) to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two authorised officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, and including) the date of 
redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ("Issuer Call") 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at 
its option, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period

--- Page 82 ---
82 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, and including) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Optional 
Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Notes stated in the Final Terms or: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall 
be equal to the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes to be redeemed or (b) the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer by the Financial Adviser, 
at which the Gross Redemption Yield to the Maturity Date or, in the case of any Par 
Call Notes, the First Par Call Notes Redemption Date, on such Notes on the 
Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to 
the middle market price) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, all 
as determined by the Financial Adviser; or 
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Financial Adviser equal to the higher of (a) 100 
per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (b) the 
sum of the then present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual 
basis at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
In this Condition 6(c): 
"FA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the Financial 
Adviser as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term to 
the Maturity Date or, in the case of any Par Call Notes, to the First Par Call Notes 
Redemption Date that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated 
in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term to the 
Maturity Date or, in the case of any Par Call Notes, to the First Par Call Notes Redemption 
Date; 
"Financial Adviser" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer; 
"First Par Call Notes Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Par Call Notes, the first 
Optional Redemption Date on which the Notes may be redeemed at the Par Call Amount; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, in respect of a security, the gross redemption yield for 
such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Financial Adviser on the basis 
set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper Formulae for 
Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae Conventional

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-
Coupon Date (published 08/06/1998 and updated on 15/01/2002 and 16/03/2005 (as amended 
and supplemented from time to time)) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an 
annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on such other basis 
as the Issuer may approve;  
"Par Call Notes" means any Notes in respect of which: (i) Issuer Call is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) any Optional Redemption Amount is 
specified as being an amount per Calculation Amount equal to the Calculation Amount (such 
Optional Redemption Amount, the "Par Call Amount");  
"Par Call Notes Redemption Date" means an Optional Redemption Date on which the 
Notes may be redeemed at the Par Call Amount; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or shall be the FA 
Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
or (B) if the Financial Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum 
equal to the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day 
count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of 
redemption; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;  
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined 
by the Financial Adviser, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Financial Adviser by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to the Maturity Date or, 
in the case of any Par Call Notes, the First Par Call Notes Redemption Date determined on the 
basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such 
Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Financial Adviser, shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default or bad faith) be binding

--- Page 84 ---
84 
on the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents, (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agent and 
the VPS Trustee and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") 
will be selected:  
(i) 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes;  
(ii) 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a global Note;  
(iii) 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Sweden in the case of Redeemed Notes 
which are Swedish Registered Notes; and 
(iv) 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes which are VPS Notes,  
in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date").   
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant global Note will be 
permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least 5 days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders ("Investor Put") 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part), such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding or, in the case of Swedish Registered 
Notes, and including) the Optional Redemption Date. 
In the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form, deliver such Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, the Issuing 
Agent) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent (or, in the case of 
Swedish Registered Notes, the Issuing Agent) falling within the notice period, accompanied 
by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (or the Issuing Agent) (a "Put 
Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition. 
If this Note is represented by a global Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear,

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
In the case of Swedish Registered Notes, a Put Notice will not be effective against the Issuer 
before the date on which the relevant Swedish Registered Notes have been transferred to the 
account designated by the Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer until the Optional 
Redemption Date by said Issuing Agent. 
In the case of VPS Notes, to exercise the right to require redemption or purchase of this Note, 
the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the VPS Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS, from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext 
VPS given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9.  In the case of Swedish Registered Notes, 
the right to require redemption of such Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(d) must be 
exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden and if there is any 
inconsistency between the foregoing and the rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden, the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden shall prevail. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders ("Change of Control Put") 
(1) 
A "Put Event" will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
any person or any persons acting in concert (as defined in the United Kingdom's City 
Code on Takeovers and Mergers in force on the date of the applicable Final Terms) or 
any person or persons acting on behalf of such person(s) (the "Relevant Person") at 
any time directly or indirectly own(s) or acquire(s): (A) more than 50 per cent. of the 
issued or allotted ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such number of shares in 
the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights attached 
to the issued or allotted share capital of the Issuer that are normally exercisable at a 
general meeting of the Issuer (each, a "Change of Control"), provided that a Change 
of Control shall be deemed not to have occurred if all or substantially all of the 
shareholders of the Relevant Person are, or immediately prior to the event which 
would otherwise have constituted a Change of Control were, the shareholders of the 
Issuer with the same (or substantially the same) pro rata interest in the share capital of 
the Relevant Person as such shareholders have, or as the case may be, had in the share 
capital of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
on the date (the "Relevant Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (x) the date of 
the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control; and (y) the date of 
the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Notes 
carry from either of Moody's Investor Services Limited ("Moody's") and/or Standard 
& Poor's Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P") 
and/or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency (each a 
"Substitute Rating Agency") of equivalent international standing specified by the 
Issuer (each, a "rating agency"), 
(A) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and 
such rating from any rating agency is within the Change of Control Period 
either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or

--- Page 86 ---
86 
equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control 
Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of 
a withdrawal) reinstated to investment grade credit ratings by such rating 
agency; or 
(B) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and 
such rating from any rating agency is within the Change of Control Period 
either downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+ to 
Ba2/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of 
Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the 
case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such 
rating agency; or 
(C) 
no credit rating, and no credit rating from another rating agency and no rating 
agency assigns within the Change of Control Period an investment grade 
credit rating to the Notes,  
provided that if on the Relevant Announcement Date the Notes carry a credit rating 
from more than one rating agency, at least one of which is investment grade, then 
sub-paragraph (A) will apply; and 
(iii) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, each relevant rating agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, 
in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control or the Relevant 
Potential Change of Control Announcement.  Upon receipt by the Issuer of any such 
written confirmation, the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such written 
confirmation to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
If the rating designations employed by either of Moody's or S&P are changed from those 
which are described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Put Event" above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations 
of Moody's or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most 
equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's or S&P and this Condition 6(e) shall 
be read accordingly. 
(2) 
If a Put Event occurs, each Noteholder shall have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, 
at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) such Note on the Put Date (as 
defined below) at the Optional Redemption Amount.  Such option shall operate as set out 
below. 
(3) 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying 
the nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this 
Condition 6(e). 
(4) 
In the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, to exercise the option to require the redemption or 
purchase of a Note under this Condition 6(e) the Noteholder must, if this Note is in definitive 
form, deliver such Note, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (or, in the case of 
Swedish Registered Notes, the Issuing Agent), at any time during normal business hours of 
the relevant Paying Agent (or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, the Issuing Agent) 
falling within the period (the "Put Period") of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given, 
accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (or, in the case of 
Swedish Registered Notes, the Issuing Agent) (a "Change of Control Put Notice").  The

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Note should be delivered together with all Coupons appertaining thereto, failing which the 
relevant Paying Agent will require payment of an amount equal to the face value of any 
missing such Coupon.  Any amount so paid will be reimbursed to the Noteholder against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant missing Coupon (or any replacement therefor 
issued pursuant to Condition 10) at any time after such payment, but before the expiry of the 
period of five years from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such 
Coupon, but not thereafter.  The Paying Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put 
Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in 
respect of the Note so delivered.  Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made 
either (i) on the date which is seven days after the expiration of the Put Period (the "Put 
Date") by transfer to the bank account (if any) specified in the relevant Change of Control Put 
Notice; or (ii) if no such bank account is so specified, on or after the Put Date against 
presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent.  A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable.  For the purposes of these Conditions, pending redemption or purchase of the 
relevant Notes non-transferable receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 6(e) shall be treated 
as if they were Notes.  The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) the relevant Notes on the Put Date unless previously redeemed and cancelled or 
purchased. 
If this Note is represented by a global Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
In the case of Swedish Registered Notes, a Change of Control Put Notice will not be effective 
against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Swedish Registered Notes have been 
transferred to the account designated by the Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer 
until the Put Date by said Issuing Agent.  The right to require redemption of any Swedish 
Registered Notes pursuant to this Condition 6(e) must be exercised in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden and, if there is any inconsistency between the 
foregoing and the rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden, the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear Sweden shall prevail.  
In the case of VPS Notes, to exercise the right to require redemption or purchase of this Note, 
the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the VPS Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS, from time to time and 
such notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. 
If 75 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
or purchased pursuant to this Condition 6(e), the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders given within 30 days after the Put Date, redeem, at its 
option, the remaining Notes as a whole at the Optional Redemption Amount. 
(5) 
In these Conditions: 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement 
Date and ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period during which the 
Notes are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the 
period ending 90 days after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, 
rating by a rating agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of 
such consideration); and

--- Page 88 ---
88 
"Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement 
or statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser thereto relating to any 
potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of such announcement 
or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
(f) 
Clean-up call ("Issuer Residual Call") 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if at 
any time after the Issue Date 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further securities issued pursuant to 
Condition 15 so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes will be deemed 
to have been originally issued) has been redeemed (other than Notes redeemed at the Sterling 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Non-Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be) or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and cancelled pursuant 
to these Conditions, the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then 
outstanding at any time at the Residual Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, and including) the relevant date 
of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Agent (in the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS 
Notes), Euroclear Sweden (in the case of Swedish Registered Notes) or the VPS Trustee (in 
the case of VPS Notes) to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two authorised officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6(b) above and Condition 9, the Notes will be redeemed at the 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption 
Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in 
a Specified Currency other than that in which the Notes are denominated, at the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the Final Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(
) y
AY
1
RP
Amount
Redemption
Early
+
×
=
 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including or, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, but excluding) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding or, in the case of 
Swedish Registered Notes, and including) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the 
case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, 
reissued (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes), resold (in the case of Notes other than 
VPS Notes) or, at the option of the Issuer:  
(i) 
in the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes, surrendered 
to any Paying Agent for cancellation; or 
(ii) 
in the case of VPS Notes, cancelled by deletion from the records of Euronext VPS. 
Any Swedish Registered Notes purchased may be held, resold or cancelled. 
"Subsidiary" means any entity which is a subsidiary within the meaning of the Swedish 
Companies Act (1975). 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will, subject to Condition 6(h) above, forthwith be cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 6(h) above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith):  
(i) 
in the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes, shall be 
forwarded to the Agent;  
(ii) 
in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, shall be forwarded to the relevant Issuing 
Agent (as defined in Condition 11(b)); or 
(iii) 
in the case of VPS Notes, shall be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS,  
and, in any case, cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Conditions 6(a), 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e) or 6(f) above or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in Condition 6(g)(iii) above as though the references therein to the date 
fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which, in respect of Notes other than Swedish 
Registered Notes, is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Agent (in the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or 
VPS Notes) or the VPS Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In such event in respect of Swedish Registered Notes, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 
6(g)(iii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date the holders of the Swedish Registered Notes receive the full amount of such payment. 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Sweden or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable 
for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of their having 
some connection with Sweden other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; 
or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day 
to have been a Payment Date (as defined, for Notes other than Swedish Registered 
Notes, in Condition 5(c) and as defined, for Swedish Registered Notes, in Condition 
5(d)). 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Agent (in the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes), the holders 
of the Swedish Registered Notes (in the case of Swedish Registered Notes) or the VPS Agent 
(in the case of VPS Notes) on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(b) 
FATCA Withholding 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the 
Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer, will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed 
or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder 
or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United 
States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) 
(any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any 
other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA 
Withholding. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 
years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or 
Condition 5(b) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
In the case of Swedish Registered Notes, claims against the Issuer for the payment of 
principal and interest payable in respect of the Swedish Registered Notes shall be void unless 
made within 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date therefor and thereafter any principal or interest payable in respect of such 
Swedish Registered Notes shall be forfeited and revert to the Issuer. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(i) 
if default is made for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest or 
principal due in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
if there is a failure in the performance of any obligation under the Notes other than an 
obligation to make payment of principal or interest which continues for more than 
30 days after written notification requiring such failure to be remedied shall have 
been given to the Issuer by a Noteholder or (in the case of VPS Notes only) the VPS 
Trustee; or 
(iii) 
if except for the purpose of a reconstruction or an amalgamation upon which the 
continuing corporation effectively assumes the entire assets and liabilities of the 
Issuer or the terms of which have previously been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or, in the case of VPS Notes only, by a majority of 
two-thirds of votes at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance 
with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(a) 
an order is made (and not discharged or stayed within a period of 60 days) or 
an effective resolution is passed for winding-up the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on business; or 
(iv) 
if an administrative or other receiver is appointed of the whole or substantially the 
whole of the assets of the Issuer and is not removed, paid out or discharged within 
60 days or, following such 60 day period, the appointment is not being disputed in 
good faith; or 
(v) 
if the Issuer is unable to pay its debts generally or makes a general assignment for the 
benefit of its creditors; or 
(vi) 
(A) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer, 
amounting in aggregate to not less than €50,000,000 or its equivalent in other 
currencies, becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of 
default (however described) and remains unpaid; or 
(B) 
if default is made by the Issuer in making any payment due, amounting in 
aggregate to not less than €50,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies, in 
respect of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for that 
payment (as extended by any applicable grace period), 
where the failure to pay is not being contested in good faith and continues 
unremedied for more than 14 days after written notification requesting such failure to 
be remedied shall have been given to the Issuer by a Noteholder or (in the case of 
VPS Notes only) the VPS Trustee, 
then (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) any Noteholder or (in the case of VPS Notes 
only) the VPS Trustee may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent 
(in the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes), the relevant Issuing 
Agent (in the case of Swedish Registered Notes only) or the VPS Agent and the VPS Trustee 
(in the case of VPS Notes only), effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent (in the 
case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes or VPS Notes), the relevant Issuing Agent 
(in the case of Swedish Registered Notes only) or the VPS Agent and the VPS Trustee (in the 
case of VPS Notes only), declare the Note held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable 
whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(g)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
No holder of VPS Notes shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the VPS 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within a reasonable period or 
(ii) is unable for any reason so to do, and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any present or future indebtedness (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, 
(ii) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, 
bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or 
distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or 
otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than 
cash.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
In the case of Swedish Registered Notes, the date of repayment will be such later date on 
which the relevant Notes have been transferred to the account designated by the relevant 
Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Issuing Agent. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes Coupons and Talons 
This Condition 10 only applies to Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes. 
Should any Note Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Replacement Agent (or at the office of any Paying 
Agent) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Agent, Paying Agents, VPS Agent and VPS Trustee 
(a) 
Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes 
The following shall apply only to Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes. 
The names of the initial Agent, the other initial Paying Agent and the initial VPS Agent and 
their initial specified offices are set out below. 
If any additional Paying Agents are or an alternative VPS Agent is appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents or VPS Agent will be specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or the 
VPS Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or VPS Agents and/or approve 
any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent or VPS Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(ii) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent with a specified office outside Sweden in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other 
relevant authority); and 
(iii) 
in the case of VPS Notes, there will always be a VPS Agent authorised to act as an 
account operating institution with Euronext VPS. 
In addition, in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a 
Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in 
Condition 5(b).  Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying 
Agents or VPS Agent(s) will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
(b) 
Swedish Registered Notes 
The following shall apply only to Swedish Registered Notes.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
In relation to Swedish Registered Notes, the Issuer will, in accordance with the Swedish 
Financial Instrument Accounts Act (SFS 1998:1479), appoint (i) Euroclear Sweden as the 
central securities depository, and (ii) an issuing agent (the "Issuing Agent").  The Issuing 
Agent will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of Euroclear Sweden or the Issuing 
Agent, provided that the Issuer will appoint another central securities depository or Issuing 
Agent, each of them to be duly authorised under the Swedish Financial Instrument Accounts 
Act (SFS 1998:1479).  The central securities depository and the Issuing Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust 
with, any Noteholders. 
(c) 
VPS Trustee 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee 
and for its relief from responsibility and liability, including provisions relieving it from taking 
action unless indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. Holders of VPS Notes are deemed 
to have accepted and will be bound by these Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee 
Agreement. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
This Condition 12 only applies to Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date, as appropriate, on which the final Coupon comprised 
in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to 
(and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes 
This Condition 13(a) only applies to Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS 
Notes. 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be published (i) in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com.  It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times or any other daily newspaper 
in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg.  The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any 
other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the 
first publication in each such newspaper or where published in such newspapers on different 
dates, the last date of such first publication.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of 
Notes listed on stock exchanges, the rules of such stock exchanges (or any other relevant 
authority) permit), so long as the global Note(s) is or are held in its/their entirety on behalf of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in addition to such publication in such newspaper(s) 
the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any holder of Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent 
via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for 
this purpose. 
(b) 
Swedish Registered Notes 
This Condition 13(b) only applies to Swedish Registered Notes. 
All notices to holders of Swedish Registered Notes will be valid if mailed to their registered 
addresses appearing on the register of Euroclear Sweden.  Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth day after the day on which it is mailed.  No Swedish Registered 
Notes shall be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notices to be given by any holder of Swedish Registered Notes shall be in writing and lodged 
with the relevant Issuing Agent. 
(c) 
VPS Notes 
This Condition 13(c) only applies to VPS Notes. 
All notices regarding the VPS Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in 
accordance with the procedures of Euronext VPS. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the VPS Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given to the holders of the VPS Notes on the 
date it is published in accordance with the procedures of Euronext VPS. 
Notices to be given by any holder of VPS Notes may be given by such holder through 
Euronext VPS in such manner as the VPS Trustee and Euronext VPS may approve for this 
purpose. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes 
This Condition 14(a) only applies to Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS 
Notes.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a video conference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 5 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum 
at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at 
any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Notes, or Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, or 
Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-
thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed at 
any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they 
are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the 
votes cast, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders representing 
75 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) 
consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a 
form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of the Noteholders representing 75 per cent. or 
more in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum 
is required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
which is not, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated. 
In addition, the Agent shall be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to implement any 
Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(D) or, as the case may be, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders. 
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as 
soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(b) 
Swedish Registered Notes 
This Condition 14(b) only applies to Swedish Registered Notes. 
Euroclear Sweden and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of the Swedish Registered Notes which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Swedish Registered Notes which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(c) 
VPS Notes 
This Condition 14(c) only applies to VPS Notes. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders of VPS 
Notes.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the VPS Trustee and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. 
of the Voting VPS Notes. The quorum at any such meeting for passing a resolution is one or 
more persons holding at least half of the Voting VPS Notes (as defined below) or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one or more such person being or representing holders of Voting VPS 
Notes whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented; except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes), the quorum shall be 
one or more such persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds of the Voting VPS 
Notes, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented. A resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or 
not they are present at the meeting. 
For the purpose of this Condition 14(c), "Voting VPS Notes" means the aggregate nominal 
amount of the total number of VPS Notes not redeemed or otherwise deregistered in Euronext 
VPS less VPS Notes purchased beneficially by the Issuer, any party who has decisive 
influence over the Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence. 
For these purposes, "decisive influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement 
or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) 
a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) 
a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that 
 
other person. 
The VPS Trustee and the Issuer may agree without the consent of any of the Noteholders, to 
any modification of the VPS Notes, the VPS Agency Agreement or the VPS Trustee

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Agreement which, in the opinion of the VPS Trustee, is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law.   
In addition, the VPS Trustee shall be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to implement 
any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(D) or, as the case may be, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) without the consent of the 
Noteholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Substitution 
In the case of Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes, the Issuer, or any 
previously substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons 
such company (the "Substitute") in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement, provided 
that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue.  Such 
substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form 
exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and may take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder 
and Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is 
imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the 
Substitute's residence for tax purposes and/or, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Note or Coupon and which would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(ii) 
in the event that all the assets and liabilities of Telia Company AB (publ) are not 
assumed by the Substitute, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the 
Notes and the Coupons shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Telia 
Company AB (publ) by means of the Deed Poll; 
(iii) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including 
the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes and 
Coupons represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute 
and if applicable, of Telia Company AB (publ) have been taken, fulfilled and done 
and are in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any 
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(v) 
each stock exchange which has the Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes would continue to be 
listed on such stock exchange; 
(vi) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of 
the Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each 
jurisdiction referred to in (i) above and in England as to the fulfilment of the 
preceding conditions of this Condition 16 and the other matters specified in the Deed 
Poll; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the 
Noteholders, stating that copies, or, pending execution, the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, or which might 
otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available for 
inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.  References in 
Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations 
under the Deed Poll, and the events listed in Condition 9, shall be deemed to include 
that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force 
and effect and the provisions of Condition 9(iii) to Condition 9(vi) inclusive shall be 
deemed to apply in addition to the guarantor in the event that a guarantee is required 
in terms of (ii) above. 
In the case of Swedish Registered Notes, any substitution provisions will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of VPS Notes, the substitution provisions will be set out in the VPS Trustee 
Agreement. 
17. 
Rights of Third Parties 
The Notes confer no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes (other than (i) Swedish Registered Notes and (ii) in respect 
of any VPS Notes, the registration of such VPS Notes in Euronext VPS) and the Coupons and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, 
the Notes (other than (i) Swedish Registered Notes and (ii) in respect of any VPS Notes, the 
registration of such VPS Notes in Euronext VPS) and the Coupons are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law.  The registration of VPS Notes in Euronext 
VPS, the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
Swedish Registered Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Swedish Registered Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Swedish law. 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, (in the case of VPS Notes) 
the VPS Agent and the VPS Trustee, the Noteholders (other than the holders of Swedish 
Registered Notes), and the Couponholders that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction 
to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, 
the Notes (other than Swedish Registered Notes and the registration of VPS Notes in

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Euronext VPS), the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes (other than Swedish 
Registered Notes and the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS) and/or the Coupons), 
and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes (other than Swedish 
Registered Notes and the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS) and the Coupons 
(including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes (other than Swedish Registered Notes and 
the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS) and the Coupons) may be brought in such 
courts. 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, the VPS Agent, the VPS 
Trustee and the holders of VPS Notes that the courts of Norway are to have jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the VPS Agency Agreement, 
the VPS Trustee Agreement and the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS (including a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement and/or the registration of VPS Notes in 
Euronext VPS), and that accordingly any Proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement and/or the registration of VPS Notes in 
Euronext VPS (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement and/or 
the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the 
laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably 
agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English or Norwegian courts, 
as the case may be, shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts 
of any other jurisdiction. 
To the extent permitted by law, nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to 
take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any 
other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
The Issuer appoints Business Sweden – The Swedish Trade and Invest Council at its office at 
5 Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG as its agent for service of process in England, 
and undertakes that, in the event of Business Sweden – The Swedish Trade and Invest 
Council ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person 
as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. 
The Issuer appoints Telia Norge AS at its office at Lørenfaret 1A, 0585 Oslo, Norway as its 
agent for service of process in Norway, and undertakes that, in the event of Telia Norge AS 
ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in Norway, it will appoint another person as its 
agent for service of process in Norway in respect of any Proceedings. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by 
law.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes or as may otherwise be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal 
to the net proceeds from an issue of Notes to one or more Eligible Green Projects (as defined under 
the 
Issuer's 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website 
(https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-company/documents/investors/telia-company-
gbf.pdf) (the "Issuer's Green Bond Framework")).  Such Notes may also be referred to as "Green 
Bonds". 
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks 
that determine their environmental robustness) has evaluated the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and 
issued a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") on the Issuer's Green Bond Framework 
verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with the International Capital Market Association’s 
2018 Green Bond Principles. The second-party opinion is available on following website 
(https://mstar-sustops-cdn-mainwebsite-s3.s3.amazonaws.com/docs/default-source/spos/telia-
company-green-bond-framework-second-party-opinion.pdf). 
The Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion and any other documentation relevant to 
Green Bonds are subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced 
or withdrawn from time to time. Potential investors in Green Bonds should access the latest version of 
the relevant document on the Issuer's website. 
None of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion or any public reporting by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus, nor do they constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any 
solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
TELIA COMPANY AB (PUBL)  
Overview 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is Telia Company AB (publ) ("Telia Company"), as adopted 
at its Annual General Meeting on 12 April 2016. The Issuer’s previous legal and commercial name 
was TeliaSonera AB (publ) ("TeliaSonera").  The Issuer was incorporated in and under the laws of 
Sweden on 24 January 1966 and operates as a public limited liability company, registered under the 
laws of Sweden with registration number 556103-4249. The Issuer's address is Stjärntorget 1, 169 94 
Solna, Sweden with telephone number +46 8 504 55000. The Issuer's website is 
https://www.teliacompany.com/en. 
TeliaSonera was created as a result of Telia AB acquiring Sonera Corporation in December 2002 (the 
"Merger"). The Merger brought together two of the leading telecommunications companies in the 
Nordic region to form the leading telecommunications group in the Nordic and Baltic region.1  Telia 
Company was previously a leading provider of mobile services in Eurasia, including holdings in one 
of the leading mobile operators in Turkey. In October 2017, Telia Company's business in Russia was 
disposed of and in October 2020 Telia Company disposed of its remaining holdings in Turkcell.  
In October 2020, Telia Company also reached an agreement to divest its Telia Carrier business to 
Polhem Infra at a value of SEK 9,450 million on a cash and debt free basis. The transaction was 
completed in June 2021.  
In June 2021, Telia Company signed an agreement to dispose of 49% of the tower businesses (i.e. the 
mobile mast and tower infrastructure and thereto related business) in Finland and Norway to 
Brookfield and Alecta, at a price corresponding to an enterprise value for 100% of EUR 1,524 million 
on a cash and debt free basis. The transaction was closed in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
In January 2022, Telia Company signed an agreeement to divest a 49% stake of the Swedish tower 
business to Brookfield and Alecta. The transaction price corresponds to an enterprise value for 100% 
of SEK 11,224 million on a cash and debt free basis. The transaction was closed in the second quarter 
of 2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, net sales of Telia Company and its subsidiaries (together, the 
"Group") amounted to SEK 90.8 billion for continuing operations and the Group had 19,237 
employees.  
During 2022, the Group's adjusted operating income from continuing operations, amounted to SEK 
11,332 million (compared to SEK 10,033 million in 2020).  Adjusted EBITDA increased in 2022 to 
SEK 30,328 million (SEK 29,861 million in 2021). In 2022, free cash flow from continuing and 
discontinued operations decreased to SEK 8,094 million (SEK 11,729 million in 2021). 
On 31 December 2022, the Group's net debt (interest-bearing liabilities less derivatives recognised as 
financial assets (and hedging long-term and short-term borrowings and related credit support annex 
(CSA)), less short-term investments, long-term bonds available for sale and cash/cash equivalents) 
was SEK 71,397  million (SEK 63,133 million in 2021).  
 
                                                     
1 Statements in this section relating to Telia Company's competitive position in the geographical markets in 
which it operates are based upon estimates by Telia Company with respect to number of subscriptions.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
In the table below, the calculation of percentages in the "Percentage (%) of total shares" column is 
based upon the total number of Telia Company shares (ISIN: SE0000667925) outstanding on 31 
December 2022: 
Shareholder 
Total number 
of shares 
Percentage (%) of 
total number 
of shares 
Swedish State  
1,614,513,748 
39.5 
Telia Company2 
 
 157,522,416 
3.9 
BlackRock 
 
 134,137,714 
3.3 
Vanguard 
 
 90,276,431 
2.2 
Handelsbanken  
55,376,854 
1.4 
Mondrian 
 
36,773,747 
0.9 
Folksam 
 
35,858,641 
0.9 
Bank of Norway 
 
33,357,957 
0.8 
Swedbank Robur 
 
33,293,647 
0.8 
Storebrand 
 
32,256,909 
0.8 
Other shareholders 
 
 1,866,263,638 
45.6 
 
 
 
Total shares outstanding 
 
 4,089,631,702 
100.0 
The shares of Telia Company are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and Nasdaq Helsinki. 
Purpose and Strategy 
Purpose:  Reinvent better connected living 
In January 2021, Telia Company set out a new purpose and an updated strategy to create a better Telia 
Company and to cater for the evolving needs that are emerging from living in an ever more connected 
world. Telia Company's purpose is to "reinvent better connected living", and led by this purpose Telia 
Company aims to grow its business and deliver sustainable value creation to shareholders through 
four key strategic pillars: Inspire, Connect, Transform and Deliver. Under these strategic pillars Telia 
Company's aims are: 
• 
inspiring customers and offering value beyond connectivity. Telia Company will act on 
opportunities in the areas of innovation, digitalisation and sustainability and enable and support its 
business customers to digitalise sustainably by bringing together the internet of things, crowd 
analytics, security solutions and more. Telia Company will also simplify its customer experience 
to make it even easier to become and remain a Telia Company customer; 
• 
connecting everyone by continuing to build gigabit networks including fibre, fixed wireless 
access and 5G as well as leveraging modern software-based technologies; 
• 
transforming to digital by radically simplifying its operations to evolve into a simpler, faster, 
more agile and efficient company. Telia Company will reduce complexity in its product portfolio 
and move to a modular setup with agile development to cater for better customer experiences. 
Similarly, Telia Company will digitalise and automate processes further, leveraging AI and 
machine learning; and 
• 
delivering sustainably by following its transformation programme to ensure momentum in 
the execution of its strategy. Telia Company aims to grow the structural part of its cash flow at the 
same time as delivering on an ambitious agenda around environmental issues, human rights, 
                                                     
2 Please refer to pages 176 to 178 (Note C.20) of the 2022 Annual Report for more information on the share 
buy-back process.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
diversity/inclusion and ethics in satisfaction of both its internal aspirations and its external 
commitments. 
Through its strategy Telia Company hopes to have loyal customers, engaged employees and satisfied 
shareholders and to help build an empowered society where the planet is preserved for generations to 
come. 
Code of Responsible Business Conduct 
In September 2016, Telia Company launched its new Code of Responsible Business Conduct (the 
"Code") that replaced the previous code of ethics and conduct. 
The Code aims to raise awareness and engagement with regards to ethics, values, dilemmas, culture 
and leadership. The Code clearly reflects the expectations of employees and management as well as 
the consequences of non-compliance. Its 17 chapters reflect the Group’s policies and instructions and 
provide practical, instructional information on how to interpret the Code's requirements. In addition, it 
includes information about contact points for raising concerns and whistle-blowing through the 
externally 
available 
Speak-Up 
Line. 
The 
Code 
is 
available 
at 
http://dontdothisatwork.teliacompany.com/. 
Capital management 
Telia Company's capital structure and dividend policy is decided by its Board of Directors. Telia 
Company targets a leverage corresponding to Net debt/adjusted EBITDA in the range of 2.0-2.5x and 
a solid investment grade long-term credit rating of A- to BBB+.  
Telia Company intends to follow a progressive dividend policy, with a floor of SEK 2.00 per share 
and an ambition for low to mid-single digit percentage growth. There can, however, be no guarantee 
that Telia Company will be able to meet such targets. 
Organisational structure 
Telia Company's operations are focused on the Nordic and Baltic regions. Telia Company connects 
businesses, individuals, families and communities via fixed and mobile communication solutions. Its 
services have a positive effect on social, economic and environmental development and pave the way 
for an inclusive society. Telia Company allows people to stay in touch wherever they are in the world. 
Telia Company's largest businesses are mobile, broadband, TV and fixed-line operations in the 
Nordics and Baltics. Following the acquisition of media company Bonnier Broadcasting in December 
2019, a new segment – TV and Media – was created.  
During 2015, the Board of Directors announced the decision to gradually reduce Telia Company's 
presence in the Eurasia region, enabling Telia Company to fully focus on its core markets. Telia 
Company's organisational structure changed as of 1 January 2017, in order to enhance business focus 
and facilitate quicker decision making across the Group whilst ramping up execution across the 
Nordic and Baltic markets and at the same time maintaining focus on its responsible business agenda. 
Telia Company's businesses in the Eurasia region had been fully divested as of the date of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Telia Company's organisational structure is mainly country-based, comprising (as at the end of 2022) 
of Sweden, Finland, Norway, Denmark3, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, TV and Media and Other 
operations. 
Group functions 
The Group functions assist the CEO in setting the framework for the activities of Telia Company in 
the countries in which it operates and provide the businesses in those countries with process 
development support and common platforms within the areas communication, corporate strategy, 
finance, procurement, human resources and corporate affairs, as well as Group-wide commercial and 
technology issues. 
In 2022, Telia Company's total net sales amounted to SEK 90.8 billion for continuing operations.   
The following table sets forth Telia Company's net sales by segment for the 12 months ended 31 
December 2022: 
 
Net sales 
Segment 
(SEK in millions) 
Sweden ................................................................................................................. 
35,112 
Finland ................................................................................................................. 
15,190 
Norway ................................................................................................................. 
15,022 
Denmark ............................................................................................................... 
5,298 
Lithuania .............................................................................................................. 
4,784 
Estonia ................................................................................................................. 
3,637 
TV and Media ...................................................................................................... 
8,829 
Other operations ................................................................................................... 
4,204 
Eliminations ......................................................................................................... 
-1,248 
 
 
TOTAL ............................................................................................................... 
90,827 
WHERE TELIA COMPANY OPERATES  
Telia Company stands firmly in the Nordics and Baltics.  
Country 
Brands 
Sweden 
Telia 
Halebop 
Fello 
Finland 
Telia 
Norway 
Telia 
                                                     
3 See Business Description "Recent Developments" in respect of the sale of the Danish operations and network 
assets.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
OneCall  
MyCall  
Phonero  
Denmark4 
Telia 
Call me  
Mit Tele 
Estonia 
Telia 
Diil 
Latvia 
Telia 
Lmt  
Amigo 
Lithuania 
Telia 
Ezys 
OWNERSHIP – SUBSIDIARIES 
 
The table below shows, for each of the markets in which Telia Company has mobile operations, the 
main trademarks that Telia Company, via its subsidiaries, operates under, as well as the ownership 
and consolidated share percentage of each trademark. 
 
Country 
Main Trademarks 
Ownership (%)5  
Consolidated 
share 
(%)6 
Sweden 
Telia, Halebop 
100.0  
100.0  
Finland 
Telia 
100.0 
100.0 
Norway 
Telia, OneCall, MyCall, 
Phonero 
100.0 
100.0 
Denmark7 
Telia, Call me, Mit Tele 
100.0 
100.0 
                                                     
4 See Business Description "Recent Developments" in respect of the sale of the Danish operations and network 
assets. 
5 Ownership is defined as direct and indirect ownership, i.e., effective ownership. 
6 Consolidated share includes commitments to acquire shares from holders of non-controlling interests. 
7 See Business Description "Recent Developments" in respect of the sale of the Danish operations and network 
assets.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Estonia 
Telia, Diil 
100.0 
100.0 
Latvia 
Telia, Lmt, Amigo 
60.3 
60.3 
Lithuania 
Telia, Ezys 
88.2 
88.2 
OWNERSHIP – ASSOCIATED COMPANIES 
 
Country 
Trademark 
Ownership (%)19  
Consolidated 
share 
(%)20 
Latvia 
Tet 
49.0  
49.0  
Key regulation 
European Union  
As Member States of the European Union (the "EU"), Sweden, Finland, Denmark, Lithuania, Latvia 
and Estonia are required to follow EU regulations and enact domestic legislation to give effect to EU 
directives. Norway is under some additional obligations as a party to the European Economic Area 
Agreement (the "EEA Agreement"). 
Directive (EU) 2018/1972 establishing the European Electronic Communications Code ("EECC 
Directive") was adopted in December 2018 and constitutes a central piece of telecom legislation for 
achieving Europe’s Gigabit society. This overhaul of the regulatory framework for the European 
telecommunications industry covers rules ranging from allocation of spectrum licences, investment 
conditions for roll-out of very high-capacity networks and access to networks of dominant operators 
to detailed consumer protection rules for different electronic communications services. All EU 
Member States were required to fully transpose the EECC Directive into national law by 21 
December 2020. However, among the Member States in which Telia Company operates, only Finland 
and Denmark transposed the EECC Directive within the deadline, while in other Member States the 
transposition was delayed. EEA countries are also expected to adopt the EECC Directive as the EEA 
Joint Committee Decision on 24 September 2021 (No 275/2021) resolved to implement the EECC 
Directive into the EEA Agreement. However, the entry into force of this decision is pending 
fulfilment of constitutional requirements by Liechtenstein and Norway pursuant to Article 103 of the 
EEA Agreement. In Norway, a legislative proposal implementing the EECC Directive into Norwegian 
law was sent to public hearing on 2 July 2021, but no formal legislative proposal has yet been 
submitted to the Norwegian Parliament.  
In line with the EECC Directive, the European Commission has adopted measures to reinforce the 
existing objectives of competition and internal market, protect consumers and allow fair rates and 
varied offers for internet and telephone services. These measures include a new Delegated Regulation 
setting an EU-wide single maximum for voice termination rates that operators may charge one 
another for delivering fixed and mobile calls between their networks and an updated Recommendation 
on Relevant Markets (the "Commission Recommendations")  updating the list of predefined markets 
which European National Regulatory Authorities ("NRAs"), are required to regularly review. 
The Commission Recommendations define the two relevant markets (wholesale local access provided 
at a fixed location and wholesale dedicated capacity market) that the NRAs must analyse. NRAs can 
nevertheless also regulate markets that are not listed in the Commission Recommendations based on 
national circumstances. In such cases, the NRA has to prove that a market satisfies three criteria: (i) a 
market has no high and non-transitory barriers to entry, (ii) a market has a structure that does not tend

--- Page 108 ---
108 
towards effective competition and (iii) competition law alone is insufficient to adequately address the 
identified market failures. 
NRAs then determine and designate companies having significant market power ("SMP") within 
those markets. They can impose or maintain ex ante sector-specific obligations when ex post remedies 
of competition law are not adequate to meet the market problems identified.  Possible obligations 
could include inter alia transparency, accounting separation, network access and price control.  If a 
market is found to be effectively competitive, existing obligations should, according to the regulatory 
framework, be withdrawn.  
Additionally, there is other EU legislation relating to electronic commerce, security and a number of 
other areas of relevance to Telia Company's operations. The regulatory regimes in each of the 
countries in which Telia Company operates are generally based on the requirements of the EECC 
Directive and other EU directives and regulations.   
Since June 2017, EU and EEA operators have not been allowed to apply any surcharges for retail 
roaming, otherwise known as "Roam-Like-At-Home" ("RLAH"). The roaming rules were reviewed 
last year by EU co-legislators. The amended EU Roaming Regulation entered into force on 1 July 
2022 and will remain in place until 30 June 2032, although it will be subject to initial review by the 
European Commission in 2025. Within the key areas for Telia Company the new rules provide that 
wholesale data roaming charges were capped at €2 per gigabyte in 2022 and will progressively reduce 
to €1 per gigabyte from 2027 onwards. The European Commission will assess whether further 
reduction of the caps is necessary. Intra-EU communication charges have not been abolished (despite 
being initially proposed). The machine-to-machine sector will continue to be regulated as part of 
human RLAH roaming.  
In response to the amended EU Roaming Regulation, the Body of European Regulators for Electronic 
Communications ("BEREC") has updated its Wholesale roaming guidelines and Retail roaming 
guidelines. NRAs must ensure that they take these (non-binding) guidelines into account when 
supervising compliance with the EU roaming provisions. Additionally, BEREC is required to 
establish and maintain a single EU-wide database for value-added services numbering ranges and 
means of access to emergency services. The objective is to protect roaming customers from incurring 
additional costs when using voice activated services in visited Member States and to ensure access to 
emergency services for users while roaming in the EU. Roaming providers are required to use this 
information in these databases in order to inform their customers about the potential risk of increased 
charges due to the use of value-added services while roaming and how to access emergency services 
while roaming.  
The Telecom Single Market Regulation, which covers RLAH, also addresses net neutrality. The net 
neutrality legislation is meant to ensure that users will be free to access the content of their choice. 
Internet access service providers are not allowed to unfairly block or slow down internet traffic, and 
paid prioritisation is not allowed. The law still permits internet access providers to offer specialised 
services of higher quality, such as Internet TV and new innovative applications, so long as these 
services are not supplied at the expense of the quality of the open internet. These obligations came 
into force on 30 April 2016. In June 2020, the BEREC published net neutrality guidelines (the "Net 
Neutrality Guidelines") to provide guidance on the implementation of the obligations, as well as 
recommendations to NRAs focusing on consistent application of the net neutrality rules. The Net 
Neutrality Guidelines were reviewed (and updated guidelines adopted on 9 June 2022) following the 
latest interpretation of net neutrality rules by the Court of Justice of the European Union where the 
court held that limitations on bandwidth, tethering or use when roaming are incompatible with EU law 
and also that zero-rating is therefore incompatible with the rules on net neutrality. Until that point, the 
Net Neutrality Guidelines had not expressly prohibited zero-rating offers, which were available in 
many EU Member States. However, BEREC added some clarifications and stressed that only

--- Page 109 ---
109 
application-agnostic practices are allowed. Differentiated non-application-agnostic pricing practices, 
such as zero-rating, are now considered inadmissible.  
The EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which has directly applied since 25 May 
2018, aims to ensure Europeans get more control over their personal data and make it easier for 
businesses to operate and innovate in the EU's Single Market under a harmonised set of rules. GDPR 
rules focus on strict accountability of data controllers and are enforced by strict sanctions. Telia 
Company has a Group Data Protection Officer ("DPO") office consisting of DPOs from core markets 
and Group functions handling GDPR governance work. The objective of the office is to monitor 
GDPR compliance and carry out reviews and controls of GDPR fulfilment in core markets. The 
Group DPO office regularly reports on GDPR compliance to Group Executive Management and the 
Board of Directors.  
Lately, only minor progress has been made on the new E-Privacy Regulation (the "EPR"), which 
focuses on protection of confidentiality of communications and the processing of traffic data. The 
EPR, if finally adopted, is expected to align better with GDPR than the current e-privacy directive and 
will also provide one set of rules for the whole of the EU/EEA which is positive for Telia Company. 
However, the EPR will also increase the level of sanctions for breaches of processing of traffic data 
and it is still unknown when the EU co-legislators will reach political agreement and when  the law 
will be adopted. 
In February 2023, the European Commission presented a set of actions aimed to make Gigabit 
connectivity available to all citizens and businesses across the EU by 2030, in line with the objectives 
of Europe's Digital Decade, and to enable the transformation of the connectivity sector in the EU.  
Initiatives on connectivity consist of the European Commission proposal for a Gigabit Infrastructure 
Act, the draft Gigabit Recommendation and the Exploratory Consultation on the future of the 
electronic communications sector and its infrastructure. The Gigabit Infrastructure Act will replace 
the Broadband Cost Reduction Directive, and aims at putting forward new rules to enable faster, 
cheaper and more effective rollout of Gigabit networks across the EU. The Gigabit Recommendation 
seeks to provide guidance to NRAs on the conditions of access to telecom networks of operators with 
significant market power, in order to incentivise faster switch-off of legacy technologies and 
accelerated Gigabit networks deployment. The Gigabit Recommendation will replace the Access 
Recommendations, consisting of the Next Generation Access Recommendation (2010) and the Non-
discrimination and Costing Methodology Recommendation (2013). The European Commission’s 
Exploratory Consultation on the future of the connectivity sector and its infrastructure focuses on 
gathering views on the changing technological and market landscape and how it may affect the sector 
for electronic communications.  
In the last decade there has been a clear shift from "traditional" telecom laws having the greatest 
impact on Telia Company to Telia Company being most impacted by regulation that relates to Telia 
Company being a provider of critical infrastructure, being a "gate keeper of the internet", and being a 
facilitator of creating digital footprints of users – i.e., privacy laws, net neutrality, security laws, data 
sharing laws and similar.  
The new EU regulation -  the Digital Services Act (the "DSA") - provides harmonised rules in relation 
to the handling of illegal or potentially harmful content online, including the liability of online 
providers for third party content. The DSA came into force on 16 November 2022, and will become 
directly applicable across the EU 15 months after its publication in the Official Journal on 27 October 
2022 and no later than 1 January 2024.  
The European Commission has a strategic ambition to create a single market for data. Among other 
initiatives, the EU co-legislators are currently negotiating new legislation on harmonised rules on fair 
access to and use of data (the "Data Act") which was presented by the European Commission on 23 
February 2022. The Data Act aims to increase access to, and further use of, data, so that public and

--- Page 110 ---
110 
private actors can overcome difficulties of access to, and use of, data in specific situations, including 
in a business-to-government and business-to-business ("B2B") context. Data standardisation, data 
access and data porting requirements may have a profound impact on Telia Company. However, it 
may also provide a potential for Telia Company to benefit from a clarified/standardised framework 
for B2B data sharing and enhanced rights to databases. Before final adoption, the draft Data Act shall 
undergo legislative scrutiny, and potential adoption is not expected earlier than the last quarter of 
2023. The Data Act, once adopted, would be directly applicable across EU Member States and would 
apply 12 months after the date of entry into force. 
Increasingly, law enforcement authorities seek to use information from telecoms providers in criminal 
and national security investigations. Telecoms providers are therefore obliged to collect and store data 
in such a manner that it is linked to users' names or other identification information. As many criminal 
investigations today include a cross-border request to access electronic evidence, in April 2018 the 
European Commission proposed a regulation to ease access by national police and judicial authorities 
to electronic evidence ("e-evidence"). The regulation was agreed by EU co-legislators on 25 January 
2023 and it will oblige telecoms providers to share e-evidence with police and judicial authorities in 
other EU countries within ten days in the context of criminal proceedings.  
Since harmful content online is spreading in an unprecedented manner and has been highlighted in the 
context of recent terror attacks, a new EU regulation known as the Terrorist Content Regulation has 
been adopted and applies since 7 June 2022. The Terrorist Content Regulation allows the submission 
of cross-border orders for taking down alleged terrorist content. Although the scope of the new rules 
is largely limited for Telia Company (only hosting services are within the Terrorist Content 
Regulation's scope), the biggest burden for Telia Company will be guaranteeing the possibility and 
ability to react within one-hour in the case of any such cross-border orders. 
Sweden 
In Sweden, the Act on Electronic Communications implements the legislation relating to the EECC 
Directive. Telia Company has SMP status on the wholesale markets for interconnection in the fixed 
network and in the mobile network and for network infrastructure access. The Swedish NRA ("PTS") 
has imposed obligations on all of these markets. On the market for network infrastructure access, PTS 
has imposed an obligation of non-discrimination based on Equivalence of Input, effective from 1 
December 2016. At the same time, the price regulation on fibre access was withdrawn. PTS has 
started a new analysis on this market. 
On the markets for terminating segments of leased lines and on the market for access to the public 
telephone network PTS has withdrawn the SMP status for Telia Company. 
Finland 
In Finland, Telia Company is subject to the Act on Electronic Communications Services and related 
regulations, decrees and administrative decisions which implement the EECC Directive. The Act on 
Electronic Communications Services integrates key provisions that apply to the communications 
industry under one Act. The Act on Electronic Communications Services was amended in early 2021 
due to the transposition of the EECC Directive. 
Telia Company and its competitors are subject to varying SMP obligations in the following markets, 
where the Finnish NRA ("Traficom") has issued SMP decisions: wholesale call termination on 
individual fixed public telephone networks, wholesale local access provided at fixed location, 
wholesale central access provided at a fixed location for mass-market products and wholesale voice 
call termination on individual mobile networks. The market of wholesale high-quality access provided 
at fixed location has not been regulated since July 2021, as the Supreme Administrative Court 
abolished the Traficom SMP decision. Traficom is currently analysing the markets for wholesale local

--- Page 111 ---
111 
access provided at a fixed location and for wholesale dedicated capacity, based on the latest European 
Commission relevant market recommendation. 
Other  
In Denmark, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Norway, Telia Company's companies have been found to 
have SMP status both in fixed and mobile markets. 
Implementation of pricing restrictions such as fixed or cost-based pricing or other obligations imposed 
by the relevant NRAs on Telia Company in any of the jurisdictions it operates might have an adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Competition Laws 
Telia Company is subject to the competition laws of the countries in which it operates, local 
competition laws and rules and EU competition laws. Companies breaching the competition rules may 
be forced to pay damages that can be substantial.  
The European Union 
The EU competition rules set out in the EC Treaty and EU legislation are binding on EU Member 
States and are therefore applicable to Telia Company's operations in the EU.  If those rules are 
breached, the European Commission may impose fines of up to ten per cent. of a company's revenues 
on a consolidated basis in the preceding financial year.  The EU competition rules are applicable to 
restrictions on competition which may have an appreciable effect on trade between Member States. 
So long as Sweden exercises a significant influence over Telia Company, the European Commission 
could bring proceedings against Telia Company directly, or bring proceedings against Sweden, to 
ensure that Telia Company complies with EU competition rules.  This means that Telia Company 
might face two different proceedings, the latter of which it could not directly influence and to which it 
would not be a party. 
Given that the Swedish State holds, as of 31 December 2022, 39.5 per cent. of Telia Company's 
outstanding shares, there is always a possibility that Telia Company's competitors might allege that 
Telia Company's transactions with the Swedish State involve an element of state aid, or that the 
European Commission may launch a formal investigation of such a transaction on its own initiative.  
The European Commission has the power to order suspension of aid payments and require the 
recovery of aid already granted, including accrued interest.  These rules do not apply when a state 
contributes capital in circumstances that would be acceptable to a private investor operating under 
normal market economy conditions. 
The local competition authorities in the relevant markets where Telia Company is present are 
empowered to issue injunctions, and to enjoin a party to discontinue immediately practices that are 
not permitted under the local competition acts.  The competition authorities and the NRAs can 
cooperate to facilitate investigations of anti-competitive behaviour in the telecommunications services 
sector. 
International Obligations 
Over 70 member countries of the World Trade Organisation have entered into a Basic 
Telecommunications Agreement ("BTA") to provide market access to some or all of their basic 
telecommunications services.  The BTA took effect in February 1998.  Signatories under the BTA 
have made commitments to provide "market access", requiring them to refrain from imposing certain 
quotas or other quantitative restrictions in specified telecommunications services sectors, and to

--- Page 112 ---
112 
provide "national treatment" by ensuring that foreign telecommunications service suppliers are 
accorded the same treatment as national service suppliers.  In addition, a number of signatories, 
including Sweden and Finland, have agreed to abide by certain pro-competitive principles set forth in 
a reference paper relating to the prevention of anti-competitive behaviour, interconnection, universal 
service, transparency of licensing criteria, independence of the regulator and non-discriminatory 
allocation of scarce resources. 
Sustainability 
Telia Company's sustainability agenda and ambitions are thoroughly integrated in the company's 
business strategy. Creating value for all stakeholders and society rests on being a financially, socially 
and environmentally resilient company. 
Governance and focus areas 
Governance 
It is Telia Company's firm belief that integrating sustainable and responsible business practices in all 
aspects of business and strategy is a prerequisite for sustainable growth and profitability, which in 
turn creates long-term value for shareholders and supports sustainable development.  
Telia Company has adopted a double materiality approach to identify and manage the most material 
business aspects, including related risks and opportunities. This approach is based on continuous 
analysis,  including engagement with key stakeholder groups, to identify, understand and manage the 
most material current and future impacts on its stakeholders, society and the environment. Such 
impacts guide how Telia Company operates and are reflected in Telia Company's commitment to 
make substantial progress towards reaching the UN Sustainable Development Goals. 
The ultimate responsibility for sustainability oversight lies with Telia Company's Board of Directors. 
Group Executive Management and the Governance, Risk, Ethics & Compliance committee 
("GREC") meetings are the primary decision-making forums for sustainability-related topics. Group 
Executive Management adopts and follows up on Telia Company's sustainability goals, while GREC 
monitors sustainability-related risks via Telia Company's Enterprise Risk Management Model. 
Commitments 
Telia Company is committed to a number of international standards and initiatives related to anti-
corruption, environmental responsibility, human rights and labour rights, including: 
 
• 
The UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights  
• 
The core conventions of the International Labour Organisation (ILO)  
• 
The OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises  
• 
The UN Global Compact  
• 
The UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights  
• 
The Children’s Rights and Business Principles 
• 
The 1.5°C ambition expressed in the Paris Agreement 
 
The content of these standards and initiatives forms the foundation of Telia Company's Code of 
Responsible Business Conduct which is approved by the Board of Telia Company and further 
elaborated through its policies and instructions.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Impact areas 
Telia Company continuously analyses which sustainability topics (impact areas) to act and report on, 
either because Telia Company's actions within the area in question may influence the world around it 
or because it may influence Telia Company's financial value (based on the double materiality 
definition). 
In 2022 the next step was taken on this “double materiality” journey through which nine material 
impact areas were confirmed (listed below). The first three are priority areas, connected to the core 
business and therefore offer particular leverage. The remaining six constitute essential building blocks 
of an ethical and rights-respecting culture. 
• 
Climate and circularity 
• 
Digital inclusion 
• 
Privacy and security 
• 
Human rights 
• 
Children's rights 
• 
Freedom of expression and surveillance privacy 
• 
Diversity, inclusion and well-being 
• 
Responsible sourcing 
• 
Anti-bribery and corruption. 
Climate and circularity 
To forcefully address the climate crisis and the unsustainable use of natural resources, Telia Company 
adopted two ambitious environmental goals in 2019: to achieve zero CO2 emissions and zero waste 
by 2030. These include:  
• 
The zero CO2 ambition focuses on creating a climate-neutral value chain by 2030. Telia 
Company is committed to at least halving absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 and 
offsetting the rest while continuing to move towards net zero, which requires further emission 
reductions and permanent removal and storage of carbon. In 2022, Telia Company submitted 
for external validation a 2040 long-term net-zero target aligned with the new science based 
target ("SBTi") Net-Zero Standard (SBTi validation pending as at the date of this Prospectus  
was published). In practice this means reducing absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 90 per 
cent. and offsetting the rest.  
• 
The work toward zero waste focuses on Telia Company’s operations, including network 
construction and maintenance done by contractors. The aim is to prevent, reduce, reuse, or 
recycle waste instead of sending it to incineration or landfills.  
• 
In addition, Telia Company is committed to enabling a net-zero and circular economy through 
its offerings. 
Telia Company's long-term decarbonisation journey is broken down into more detailed 2025 science-
based targets, aligned with the 1.5°C pathway for the ICT industry: 
o Half emissions from its operations (base year 2018); and 
o Reduce the emissions related to use of sold and leased products by 29 per cent. (base 
year 2018); and

--- Page 114 ---
114 
o Engaged with suppliers so that 72 per cent. of suppliers by emissions will have set 
science-based targets. 
Green bond framework 
In October 2019, Telia Company launched a green bond framework, which is available for viewing on 
Telia Company's website at https://www.teliacompany.com/globalassets/telia-
company/documents/investors/telia-company-gbf.pdf. 'For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer's Green 
Bond Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Prospectus. The framework is part of Telia Company's work to implement a sustainable finance 
strategy and is closely tied to its environmental goals. The framework has been prepared in line with 
the four pillars of the 2018 Green Bond Principles administered by the International Capital Market 
Association. The framework has received a second party opinion from the independent ESG research 
provider Sustainalytics. The framework includes four use of proceeds categories: 
 
• 
Renewable energy; 
• 
Green digital solutions; 
• 
Energy efficiency; and 
• 
Green buildings. 
 
Please also see "Use of Proceeds" above.  
Sustainability reporting 
Telia Company annually reports its sustainability performance in the combined Annual and 
Sustainability Report. Deloitte AB has provided a limited assurance report on identified sustainability 
reporting in the 2022 Annual Report. 
Whistle-blowing process 
Telia Company's Board of Directors has established a whistle-blowing tool (Speak-Up Line) available 
in 11 languages, enabling employees and others to anonymously and confidentially report violations 
of proper accounting, reporting or internal controls, as well as non-compliance with local laws or 
breaches of Telia Company's Code of Responsible Business Conduct, group policies and group 
instructions. Telia Company has a group-wide standard for performing internal investigations. The 
guiding principle is to ensure that investigations are conducted objectively and impartially; are carried 
out in a way to swiftly establish the facts with minimum disruption to the business or the personal 
lives of employees; and to make sure that confidentiality and non-retaliation are respected at all times.   
Mergers and acquisitions 
Group staff function Corporate Affairs is responsible for mergers and acquisitions in order to further 
strengthen internal controls by separating the elements of execution and control. A merger and 
acquisitions manual containing instructions and outlining a clear process for conducting acquisitions 
governs the activities. 
Board of Directors  
Telia Company's Board of Directors has nine ordinary members and three employee representatives 
and, as such, union appointees. Details of the ordinary members of Telia Company's Board of 
Directors, elected at the latest Annual General Meeting held on 5 April 2023, including, where 
relevant, the principal activities performed by such members outside the Issuer, are listed below 
together with shareholding details (including shareholdings by spouses and/or affiliated persons when 
appropriate):

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Lars-Johan Jarnheimer (born 1960) (Chair of the Board) 
Board Chair: Ingka Holding B.V (IKEA), Arvid Nordqvist HAB and Elite Hotels. 
 
Board Member: SAS AB, Point Properties AB and Millicom International Cellular S.A. 
 
Work experience and other assignments: Previously Chair of the Board of Directors of Egmont 
International Holdings AS, Qliro Group, BRIS and Eniro AB. Board member of MTG Modern Times 
Group AB, Invik and Apoteket AB. CEO of Tele2 (1999–2008), deputy CEO and CEO of Comviq 
and various positions within H&M. 
Shares in Telia Company: 100,097 
Ingrid Bonde (born 1959) (Vice-Chair of the Board) 
Board Chair: Alecta, Apoteket AB and tbd30. 
 
Board Member: Husqvarna AB, Securitas AB and Ersta Diakoni. 
 
Work experience and other assignments: Previously CFO and deputy CEO of Vattenfall, CEO of 
AMF, Director General of Finansinspektionen (Sweden’s financial supervisory authority), Deputy 
Director General of the Swedish National Debt Office and VP Finance of SAS. 
Shares in Telia Company: 10,000 
Rickard Gustafson (Born 1964) 
Board Member: SKF AB and Confederation of Swedish Enterprise. 
 
Work experience and other assignments: President and CEO of SKF since 2021. Previously President 
of SAS (2011–2021), President of Codan/Trygg-Hansa (2006–2011) and various executive positions 
in GE Capital in Europe and the US (1996–2006). 
Shares in Telia Company: 14,075 
Jeanette Jäger (born 1969) 
Work experience and other assignments: CEO of Enento Group Plc 2022. Previously CEO of 
Bankgirot, several executive roles at Tieto and Product and Marketing Director of TDC. 
Shares in Telia Company: 11,385 
Jimmy Maymann (Born 1971) 
Board Chair: TV2 Denmark and The Museum for the United Nations – UN Live Online. 
 
Board Member: Maternity Foundation and Pitzner Group. 
 
Work experience and other assignments: Currently investor specializing in digital advertising, 
digital technology and new media strategy. Previously Executive Vice President and President at 
AOL Content & Consumer Brands and as CEO of the Huffington Post. 
Shares in Telia Company: 0 
Luisa Delgado (Born 1966) 
Board Chair: Swarowski SIH (Verwaltungsrat) and Schleich GmbH (Advisory Board). 
 
Board Member: DIA Group, Fortum Oyi, Ingka Holding, Barclays Bank Suisse SA and Breitling SA. 
 
Work experience and other assignments: Previously CEO of Safilo Group, Executive board

--- Page 116 ---
116 
member and Chief HR Officer at SAP, CEO of Procter & Gamble for the Nordic region and VP for 
Human Resources Western Europe. 
Shares in Telia Company: 3,600 
Dr Hannes Ametsreiter (Born 1967) 
Work experience and other assignments: Previously member of the Group Executive Committee of 
Vodafone PLC and CEO of Vodafone Germany, group CEO for Telekom Austria, executive positions 
at mobilkom Austria and serving as chairman of Austrian fintech PayBox A1 Bank. 
Shares in Telia Company: 17,000 
Tomas Eliasson (Born 1962) 
Board Member: Millicom International Cellular S.A and Boliden AB. 
 
Work experience and other assignments: Previously CFO at Sandvik, Electrolux, Assa Abloy and 
Seco Tools. 
Shares in Telia Company: 6,500 
Sarah Eccleston (Born 1970) 
Board member: Smart DCC. 
Work experience and other assignments: Chair of Technical Advisory Committee of Smart DCC. 
Previously Global CTO at Verizon and Global CTO and Global VP of Sales at Cisco.  
Shares in Telia Company: 0 
For the purposes hereof, the business address of each Director is Telia Company AB, Stjärntorget 1, 
169 94 Solna, Sweden. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Telia Company of the persons listed 
above and their private interests or other duties. 
Financial risk management 
Telia Company is exposed to financial risks such as credit risk, liquidity risk, currency risk, interest 
rate risk, financing risk and pension obligation risk.  Financial risk management is centralised in the 
Group Treasury unit and is described more fully below. 
Credit risk 
The credit risk with respect to Telia Company's trade receivables is diversified geographically and 
among a large number of customers, both private individuals and companies in various industries.  
Credit losses in relation to consolidated net sales were 0.5 per cent. in 2022 (compared to 0.7 per cent. 
in 2021). 
Liquidity risk 
Telia Company manages the liquidity risk by depositing its surplus liquidity in banks or investing it in 
short-term interest-bearing instruments with good credit ratings.  In addition to available cash, Telia 
Company has committed revolving credit facilities and overdraft facilities.  In total, the available 
unutilised amount under committed facilities was approximately SEK 14.8 billion at year end 2022.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Currency risk 
Telia Company's operational currency transaction exposure is not significant.  Telia Company's 
conversion exposure, however, is significant.  Telia Company does not normally hedge its conversion 
exposure, however there is a mandate in its financial policy to use net investment hedging.  At year 
end 2022, the conversion exposure amounted to SEK 32,703 million (SEK 58,450 million at year 
end 2021).  Weakening of the Swedish krona by ten percentage points against all currencies in which 
Telia Company has conversion exposure would have had a positive impact of approximately SEK 3.3 
billion on the Group's equity as of 31 December 2022. 
Interest rate risk 
Telia Company manages interest rate risk by aiming to balance the estimated running cost of 
borrowing and the risk of significant negative impact on earnings, should there be a sudden, major 
change in interest rates.  Telia Company's policy is that the duration of interest of the debt portfolio 
should be from one year to five years. 
Financing risk 
By having most of its borrowings with a longer maturity than the duration of interest, Telia Company 
is able to obtain the desired interest rate risk without having to assume a high financing risk.  In order 
to further reduce the financing risk, Telia Company aims to spread loan maturity dates over a longer 
period. 
Pension obligation risk 
Telia Company has a significant amount of pension obligations, with a net present value of SEK 
25,827 million as of 31 December 2022 (SEK 32,721 million at year end 2021). Telia Company 
maintains pension funds to secure these obligations, with plan assets amounting to SEK 29,202 
million based on market values at year end 2022 (SEK 31,387 million at year end 2021). The actuarial 
calculation of pension obligations is based on three principal assumptions: discount rate, annual 
adjustments to pensions (inflation rate) and longevity. The sensitivity of the pension obligations to 
changes in the principal assumptions is as follows: 
 
 
Change 
in 
assumption (p.p.) 
Impact 
on 
pension 
obligations  
(SEK in millions) 
Discount rate 
+0.50 / -0.50 
-2,026 / +2,224 
Annual adjustments to pensions 
+0.50 / -0.50 
+2,237 / -1,959 
Longevity 
+1 year 
+1,128 
Financial reporting risks 
The reporting of Telia Company's results of business operations and financial condition is based on 
internal and external financial reporting, which has to be timely, reliable, correct, and complete. 
Internal controls over financial reporting are an integral part of Telia Company's corporate 
governance. It includes methods and procedures to safeguard the Group's assets, ensure and control 
the reliability and correctness of financial reporting in accordance with applicable legislation and 
guidelines, improve operational efficiency and control the level of risk in the business operations.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
The management of financial reporting risks is described in more detail in Telia Company's corporate 
governance statement. The corporate governance statement, including the description of internal 
controls, forms part of the official annual and sustainability report and has been examined by the 
external auditors. 
Recent Developments 
Telia Company announced on 25 April 2023 that it has entered into a binding term sheet agreeing 
upon the key terms on which to sell 100 per cent. of its operations and network assets in Denmark to 
Norlys a.m.b.a. ("Norlys"). The transaction is subject to final and binding agreements, approval from 
Norlys’ owners and customary regulatory approvals, with closing expected in Q1 2024 at the latest.8 
                                                     
8 Please refer to page 29 (Note 12) of the Q1 2023 Financial Statements for more information.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
TAXATION 
The Kingdom of Sweden 
The following summary outlines Swedish tax consequences to holders of Notes who are not residents 
of the Kingdom of Sweden for income tax purposes.  Purchasers are urged to consult their 
professional advisers as to the tax consequences of holding or transferring Notes. 
Under Swedish tax law as presently in effect, payments of any principal or interest to the holder of 
any Note will not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such holder (1) is not resident in 
Sweden for income tax purposes, (2) does not carry on trade or business activities in Sweden where 
the payments of principal or interest are attributable to a permanent establishment in Sweden or (3) is 
an estate which is not tax liable in Sweden.   
A private individual is generally deemed tax resident in Sweden if they (a) have their principal home 
in Sweden or (b) have their habitual abode in Sweden or (c) earlier have been having their principal 
home in Sweden and after having moved abroad continues to have an essential connection with 
Sweden for tax purposes (for example is engaged in trade or business in Sweden). 
Swedish law does not impose a withholding tax on payments of principal or interest. Provided that the 
holder of a Note is not liable to tax in Sweden, the intermediary of the payment of principal and/or 
interest is still obliged to notify the Swedish tax authorities of payments exceeding SEK 150,000 per 
entity per year to any such holder. Under Swedish law, capital gains on the disposal of Notes will not 
be subject to Swedish income tax provided that the holder (1) is not resident in Sweden for income tax 
purposes, (2) does not hold the Notes as assets involved in trade or business activities in Sweden 
where the capital gains are attributable to a permanent establishment or (3) is an estate which is not 
tax liable in Sweden.  There is no net wealth tax in Sweden. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Kingdom of Sweden) have entered into, or 
have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payment 
on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the

--- Page 120 ---
120 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In 
the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
Proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States").  However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State.  A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only.  Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law 
and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on 
payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 
23 December 2005 as amended (the "Relibi Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding 
tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of 
Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg 
resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is resident in 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of their private wealth.  Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.  Accordingly, payments of interest under the 
Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to withholding tax at a rate 
of 20 per cent.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement (such programme agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, "Programme Agreement") dated 4 
May 2023 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree 
to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" 
and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used under this 
heading have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and it will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or 
sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
The Notes (other than VPS Notes) are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA 
D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
The expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes; and 
(b) 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the UK.   
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following:

--- Page 124 ---
124 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
The expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes; and  
(b) 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the

--- Page 125 ---
125 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an 
offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within 
the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a 
"Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, 
any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to 
the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Norway 
The Notes shall be registered with Euronext VPS in uncertificated and dematerialised form or in 
another central securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised by the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of Norway (in Norwegian: Finanstilsynet) as being entitled to register the 
Notes pursuant to the CSDR, unless (a) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold 
outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (b) the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus and 
will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in

--- Page 126 ---
126 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer and any other Dealer 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder has been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 25 April 2023. 
Listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Admission to Trading of 
Notes (other than Swedish Registered Notes) on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (other than Swedish 
Registered Notes) issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID 
II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
(free 
of 
charge) 
from  
https://www.teliacompany.com/en/investors/debt-financing/ and (in the case of the VPS Agency 
Agreement and VPS Trustee Agreement only) from the specified office of each of the VPS Agent and 
the VPS Trustee: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement, the forms 
of the Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent Global Notes, the Definitive Notes, the 
Coupons, the Talons and the Deed of Covenant; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final 
Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note (other than a Swedish Registered Note) 
which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the Paying Agent as to its holding and 
identity) and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, in accordance with Article 21(7) of the Prospectus Regulation, a copy of this Prospectus 
shall remain available (free of charge) from https://www.teliacompany.com/en/investors/debt-
financing/ for at least 10 years from the date of this Prospectus. 
So long as Swedish Registered Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of 
such documents as are required by Euroclear Sweden to be made available will be made available in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear Sweden. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on

--- Page 128 ---
128 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes (other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes) have been accepted for clearance 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the 
records in relation to Notes other than Swedish Registered Notes and VPS Notes).  In the case of VPS 
Notes, Euronext VPS is the entity in charge of keeping the records.  The appropriate Common Code 
and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.  The appropriate securities codes for each Tranche of Swedish Registered 
Notes or VPS Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  If the Notes are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system (including Euroclear Sweden or Euronext VPS) the 
appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A. 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg. The address of Euronext VPS is Tollbugata 21, N-0152 Oslo, Norway. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 March 2023. There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2022. 
Legal and Administrative Proceedings 
In its normal course of business, Telia Company is involved in a number of legal proceedings. These 
proceedings primarily involve claims arising out of commercial contract and commercial law issues 
and matters relating to telecommunications regulations and copyright laws. 
Neither Telia Company nor its subsidiaries are, or have been, involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which is 
Telia Company is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have or 
have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Telia Company or the Group. 
Auditors 
The auditors of Telia Company are Deloitte AB, a member of the Swedish professional body FAR, 
with business address at Rehnsgatan 11, SE-11379 Stockholm, Sweden. Deloitte AB have audited 
Telia Company's accounts, without qualification, in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and as endorsed by the 
European Union for each of the two financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. They have received, or may in the future 
receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on 
behalf of the Issuer and its affliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Some of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
THE ISSUER 
TELIA COMPANY AB (publ) 
Stjärntorget 1 
169 94 Solna 
Sweden 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
PAYING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
 
VPS AGENT 
VPS TRUSTEE 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Issuer Services 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1 
Essendrops gate 7 
0160 Oslo 
0368 Oslo 
Norway 
Norway 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law 
To the Issuer as to English law 
Markus Larsson 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Senior Legal Counsel 
One Bishops Square 
Telia Company AB (publ) 
London E1 6AD 
Stjärntorget 1 
United Kingdom 
169 94 Solna 
 
Sweden 
 
 
 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Tjuvholmen allé 16 
10 Upper Bank Street 
NO-0252 Oslo 
London E14 5JJ 
Norway 
United Kingdom

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte AB 
Rehnsgatan 11 
SE-113 79 Stockholm 
Sweden 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
One Molesworth Street 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Dublin 2 
75009 Paris 
D02RF29 
France 
Ireland 
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm  
Taunusanlage 9-10, D-60329 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg