--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
TEOLLISUUDEN VOIMA OYJ 
 
(incorporated with limited liability in Finland) 
EUR 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus drawn up in 
accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose 
of giving information with regard to the issue of notes (the "Notes") issued under the EUR 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date 
hereof. The CSSF has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from 
the date of approval (the validity of the base Prospectus will expire on 8 June 2022). Consequently, the obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply once this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of TVO 
(https://www.tvo.fi/en/index/investors/financing/debtplanning.html). Applications have been made for such Notes to be 
admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments ("MiFID II"). Pursuant to Article 6(4) of the 
Luxemburg law on Prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019, by approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no 
responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated under this Base Prospectus or the 
quality or the solvency of the Issuer. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems, as 
may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") to be issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes 
already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the " EU CRA Regulation") (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA 
but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation.  The 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") is obliged to maintain on its website, www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. The ESMA website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form part of, this Base Prospectus.  This list 
must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating 
agency under the CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of 
the updated ESMA list. 
Similarly, in general, United Kingdom (the "UK") regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"), (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the UK but will 
be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) issued 
by a credit rating agency which is not established in the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The Financial 
Conduct Authority (the "FCA") is obliged to maintain on its website, https://register.fca.org.uk/s/, a list of credit rating agencies 
registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The FCA's Financial Services Register website is not 
incorporated by reference into, nor does it form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 2 ---
10202081498-v7 
- ii- 
70-41015462 
 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
 
Arranger & Dealer 
NORDEA 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
DANSKE BANK 
NATWEST MARKETS 
SEB 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB  
HANDELSBANKEN CAPITAL MARKETS 
OP CORPORATE BANK PLC 
SWEDBANK AB (PUBL) 
 
8 June 2021

--- Page 3 ---
10202081498-v7 
- iii- 
70-41015462 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "IDD"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.   
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms (as defined below) in respect of any 
Notes may  include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to 
each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA

--- Page 4 ---
10202081498-v7 
- iv- 
70-41015462 
 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
Teollisuuden Voima Oyj (the "Issuer") (the "Responsible Person") ("TVO") accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is, in accordance 
with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final 
Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer this Base Prospectus contains all necessary information which is (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material to an investor for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and 
of the rights attached to such Notes, the reasons for such issuance and the impact of such issuance on itself, 
as required by the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer has also confirmed; that such information is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions 
or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; 
that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, 
opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the 
Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the 
foregoing. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the prospects or financial position or performance of the Issuer since the date thereof or,

--- Page 5 ---
10202081498-v7 
- v- 
70-41015462 
 
if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and Bearer Notes are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case 
of Bearer Notes, delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "£" are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom and references to "EUR", "euro" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) 
No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to "NOK" or 
"Norwegian Kroner" are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 6 ---
10202081498-v7 
- vi- 
70-41015462 
 
Offers of Notes 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, a "Member State") 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that Member 
State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms or a Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the offer of 
those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which 
an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) may over allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the current views of TVO 
with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business of TVO and certain of the plans, 
intentions, expectations, assumptions, goals and beliefs of TVO regarding such items. These statements 
include matters that are not historical fact and generally, but not always, may be identified by the use of 
words such as "aims", "believes", "expects", "are expected to", "anticipates", "intends", "estimates", 
"should", "will", "will continue", "may", "is likely to", "plans", "targets" or similar expressions, including 
variations and the negatives thereof or comparable terminology. Other forward-looking statements can be 
identified in the context in which the statements are made.  
Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions, present plans, estimates, projections and 
expectation of TVO and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Examples of these risks, uncertainties 
and other factors include, but are not limited to those discussed in section "Risk Factors". Prospective 
investors should be aware that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
that TVO's actual, financial condition, business, results of operations and the development of the industry 
in which it operates may differ significantly from those predicted or suggested by the forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if TVO's financial condition, results of 
operations, and business and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with the 
forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or developments may not be 
indicative of results or developments in any subsequent periods. Should one or more of these or other risks 
or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, the actual financial 
condition, results of operations or business of TVO or its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
could differ materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. 
The Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements or to adjust them in 
light of future events or developments, save as required by law or regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 1- 
70-41015462 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................iii 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. 2 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 19 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 20 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 23 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 24 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 28 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 64 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............. 77 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 81 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 82 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 104 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 107 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 110

--- Page 8 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 2- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Teollisuuden Voima Oyj. 
 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below 
and include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. 
 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp. 
 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Danske 
Bank A/S, NatWest Markets N.V., Nordea Bank Abp, OP Corporate 
Bank plc, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska 
Handelsbanken AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ) and any other Dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of 
the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
 
Luxembourg Listing 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and relevant Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
Listing and Trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the period 
of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list and to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The 
Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems, as may be agreed 
with the Issuer. 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Initial Programme 
Amount: 
Up to EUR 4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all 
be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of 
the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms 
in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. 
 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note"

--- Page 9 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 3- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on 
or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to 
be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange 
of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its 
terms.  Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached 
and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either Individual 
Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and registered in the name of a 
nominee for such depositary or common depositary and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its 
terms. 
 
 
Each Note represented by a Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in 
the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new safekeeping 
structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the 
name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a 
common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or currencies, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to 
such compliance, be made in any currency or currencies other than the 
currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price on a fully paid basis, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
 
Maturities: 
Any maturity up to 30 years, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. No money market instruments having a maturity at issue 
of less than 12 months will be offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market under this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 4- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue 
proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be 
issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount, 
which shall not be less than par, as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if 
at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early redemption 
will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax reasons). 
 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing.  Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or other variable rate and the 
method of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
 
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or nearly equivalent in another 
currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares (or transferable 
securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or by any entity to 
whose group the Issuer belongs. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in 
such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of Finland unless the withholding is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 12 
(Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such 
Notes had no such withholding been required. 
 
Governing Law: 
English law.

--- Page 11 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 5- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Enforcement of Notes in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights against the Issuer 
will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 8 June 2021, a copy of 
which will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
 
Ratings: 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of 
America, the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 12 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 6- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
TVO believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to TVO that are not currently known to 
the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Issuer and, if any such risk 
should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
TVO believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, but TVO may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on 
or in connection with any Notes for other reasons and TVO does not represent that the statements below 
regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
including any documents incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own independent views prior 
to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect TVO's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme 
The risk factors have been organised into the following categories based on their nature:  
• 
Business risks in relation to TVO 
• 
Financing risks in relation to TVO 
• 
Risks related to major external adverse events 
• 
Regulatory risks 
• 
Risks related to certain type of bonds and financial markets 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation 
of the criteria set out in the Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk 
factors are presented after the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative 
probability or the potential impact of their materialization. The order of the categories does not represent 
any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within that category, when compared to risk factors in 
another category. 
BUSINESS RISKS IN RELATION TO TVO 
Risks related to the Olkiluoto 3 EPR project and plant operation 
TVO is in the process of nuclear commissioning a third nuclear power plant unit, OL3 EPR, at the Olkiluoto 
site (see "Description of the Issuer - Nuclear Power - Olkiluoto 3 EPR"). OL3 EPR was commissioned as 
a turnkey project from a consortium formed by Areva GmbH, Areva NP SAS ("Areva NP") and Siemens 
AG (together, the "Supplier"). The members of the consortium are jointly and severally liable for the 
obligations under the contract for the construction of OL3 EPR between the Supplier and TVO (the "Plant 
Contract"). Under the Plant Contract, the Supplier guaranteed a completion date of 30 April 2009, however, 
there have been several delays in the completion of the OL3 EPR project. Due to the delays in the 
construction of the OL3 EPR, TVO was party to arbitration proceedings under the Rules of the International 
Chamber of Commerce (the "ICC") with respect to costs and losses incurred in relation thereto.  
In March 2018, Areva NP, Areva GmbH, the Areva group parent company Areva SA, Siemens AG and 
TVO signed a global settlement agreement and certain ancillary agreements (the "GSA"). In addition to 
settling all on-going legal actions related to the OL3 EPR project, the GSA aims to secure the provision of 
adequate and competent technical and human resources as well as funds for completion and start-up of the 
OL3 EPR until the end of the applicable guarantee periods.  
When entering into the GSA, the regular electricity production at OL3 EPR was scheduled to start in May 
2019. The scheduled start of regular electricity production has since been delayed several times and, based

--- Page 13 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 7- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
on information received from the Supplier in August 2020, the scheduled start of regular electricity 
production has been delayed to February 2022. 
Following delays in the OL3 EPR project beyond the schedule agreed in the GSA, TVO has negotiated 
with Areva NP, Areva GmbH, the Areva group parent company Areva SA and Siemens AG on the terms 
of the OL3 EPR project completion. A consensus between the parties on the amendment to GSA was 
reached and the amendment to GSA was signed in June 2021. For more details on the GSA and its 
amendment, see "Description of the Issuer". 
The Finnish Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority ("STUK ") granted the fuel loading permit for OL3 
EPR on 26 March 2021. The fuel loading was started on March 27, 2021 and completed April 1, 2021. 
According to the re-baseline schedule updated by the Supplier in August 2020, the OL3 EPR plant unit is 
now scheduled to be connected to the grid in October 2021, and regular electricity production is accordingly 
expected to start in February 2022. Construction works for the OL3 EPR unit have been completed. The 
installation of the electrical systems, the instrumentation and control system ("I&C"), and mechanical 
systems have been completed. Simulator training for the operating personnel commenced in February 2017. 
The operating personnel was granted operator licenses by STUK at the end of 2018. During the hot 
functional tests in May 2018, it was noticed that the pressurizer surge line vibrates. In May 2019, STUK 
approved the solution to eliminate the vibration and the absorbers have been installed. STUK approved the 
structures of the absorbers before nuclear fuel was loaded into the reactor. Further technical issues, among 
other things, I&C cable damage, issues in emergency diesel generators and cracks in the pressurizer safety 
valves’ control valves, were discovered during the tests in 2020. These issues have been resolved and TVO 
was granted the fuel loading permit from STUK in March 2021. Hot functional tests will be repeated during 
the nuclear commissioning phase. During hot functional tests the functionality of all technical solutions 
will be ensured. In addition, the plant is tested with various temperature and pressure levels to ensure the 
functionality of the plant as a whole. These tests were started on 8 May. Hot functional tests are planned to 
last for approximately two months.   
Workforce at the site at 31 March 2021 was about 1,600 persons. Occupational safety at the site remained 
at a good level. In addition to the normal monitoring of deliveries and manufacture, several quality audits 
have been conducted (including by TVO and STUK) in order to inspect the activities of the Supplier and 
the Supplier's subcontractors. TVO continues to provide support for the Supplier to ensure the completion 
of the project as soon as possible, without compromising safety and quality requirements at the site. 
Although fuel loading has been completed as scheduled and hot functional tests are ongoing, no assurance 
can be given that further delays would not materialize during nuclear commissioning phase. The COVID-
19 pandemic may have added uncertainty to the progress of the project.  
Based on penalty payment mechanism agreed in the GSA, in the event that the Supplier fails to complete 
the OL3 EPR project by the end of 2019, it has agreed to pay penalties to TVO from such delay until 30 
June 2021. The amount of such penalties depends on the actual completion date of the project and, in any 
case, was limited to a maximum of EUR 400 million. In the GSA amendment, the Supplier has agreed to 
an additional delay compensation. In the event that the Supplier fails to complete the OL3 EPR project by 
the end of February 2022, the Supplier shall pay to TVO an additional delay compensation until 30 
September 2022. The amount of the additional compensation depends on the actual completion date of the 
project (when the OL3 is in commercial use) and in any case is limited to a maximum of EUR 56.7 million. 
However, the additional delay compensation is not expected to cover all TVO's OL3 EPR project costs in 
case any further delay materializes.  In such case, no assurance can be given that TVO’s financial position 
is secured by these compensations.  
In addition, the GSA sets up several funding mechanisms to secure the completion of the OL3 EPR covering 
all guarantee periods, including a trust funded by Areva NP, Areva GmbH and Areva SA to secure the 
financing of the costs of completion and start-up of the OL3 EPR. 
To date, Areva has replenished the trust as agreed in the GSA and shall further replenish the trust as agreed 
in the GSA amendment. However any unanticipated challenges in the OL3 EPR project such as new 
technical issues or prolonged nuclear commissioning tests, could result additional costs or require additional 
funding for Areva. No assurance can be given that Areva continues to replenish the trust as agreed in the 
GSA and its amendment or the funds in the trust are adequate for completion and start-up of the OL3 EPR 
until the end of the applicable guarantee periods.

--- Page 14 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 8- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Based on the GSA and its amendment, in the event that the Supplier fails to complete the OL3 EPR project 
by 30 September 2022, TVO has under certain conditions at any time thereafter a right to terminate the 
Plant Contract upon notice. The Supplier's duty to complete the OL3 EPR project as set out in the Plant 
Contract continues until the completion date has been occurred or TVO at its own discretion has exercised 
its termination right under the GSA. 
As the OL3 EPR project is still on-going, no assurance can be given that the parties will meet their 
respective obligations under the Plant Contract and the GSA as amended in June 2021. A failure by one or 
more of the Supplier consortium companies, or TVO, to meet their respective obligations could further 
delay the start of regular electricity production and result in additional costs for TVO and subject it to new 
legal proceedings. If materialised, such failure could have a material adverse impact on TVO's business and 
financial position. For more details on the GSA, see Description of the Issuer—"OL3 EPR",  
Challenges in the commercial performance of OL3 EPR and OL1/OL2 could have a material adverse effect 
on TVO´s business and financial position  
In connection with its strategic planning, TVO has defined the long-term operative and financial targets 
(see "Description of the Issuer – Key Operative and Financial Targets"). Based on historical levels of 
production, TVO's long-term target is to produce annually approximately 14,000 GWh to 14,700 GWh of 
electricity at the OL1 and OL2 units combined, and once OL3 EPR starts regular power production, TVO's 
aggregate annual production amount is expected to increase by an estimated further 12,000 GWh to 13,000 
GWh, to a total of 26,000 GWh to 27,700 GWh, in the long-term. In addition, TVO's long-term target is to 
maintain an annual OL1/OL2 combined investment level of approximately EUR 50 million. 
Any unanticipated challenges in the commercial performance of OL1/OL2, such as technical issues or 
prolonged maintenance outages, could result in additional costs or require additional investments and affect 
TVO's ability to achieve its defined operative and financial targets. Also, failed implementation of plant 
modification due to, for example, unpredicted technical issues, challenges in the execution of the licensing 
process or deficiencies in project management and control could result in an increase of production costs 
and deterioration of profitability and could have material adverse impact on TVO´s business and financial 
position. Further, if the OL3 EPR project fails to reach the projected output level, load factor or operating 
cost structure or if the output level is restricted by the main grid, or any unanticipated challenges occur 
during the nuclear commissioning phase, there is a risk that the production cost will rise in comparison to 
the objective, which could have material adverse impact on TVO´s business and financial position. 
TVO's financial situation is materially dependent on its shareholders making timely payments to TVO 
TVO's business model is such that it receives regular monthly payments from its shareholders for the 
coverage of the fixed and variable costs, in accordance with, and as defined in TVO's Articles of Association 
(see "Description of the Issuer – Operating Model of TVO"). As invoicing is based on actual costs, or 
reliable estimates of the following month's costs, and fixed costs are payable one month in advance, TVO 
has no need to maintain large liquidity buffers. Pursuant to TVO's Articles of Association, shareholders are 
obliged to stay up to date in their payments, in accordance with invoices sent by TVO. A failure by a 
shareholder to meet a monthly payment would entitle TVO to cut off that shareholder's supply of electricity 
from OL1/OL2 and OL3 EPR once in commercial operation. However, as TVO's financial situation is 
materially dependent on its shareholders making timely payments to TVO, no assurance can be given that 
the inability of a shareholder to meet its payment obligations towards TVO would not have a material 
adverse impact on TVO's business and financial position. Consequently, if the financial position of the 
shareholders is adversely affected by the global economic downturn, or for other reasons, or there is any 
change in the identity of the shareholders, this in turn could have a material adverse impact on TVO's 
business and financial position. 
Incidents that would undermine the safety and stability of TVO's operations could have a material adverse 
impact on TVO's business and financial position 
Throughout their commercial operations, TVO's nuclear power plant units Olkiluoto 1 ("OL1") and 
Olkiluoto 2 ("OL2") have exhibited high load factors and low incident frequencies (see "Description of the 
Issuer – Nuclear Power – Safety and Environmental Issues") which has underpinned the financial stability 
of TVO. However, no assurances can be given that such reliability and safety of operations, as well as 
financial stability, will continue in the future. The operation of nuclear power units is complex and requires 
the use of technologically sophisticated production, transportation and storage of nuclear material. There is

--- Page 15 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 9- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
a general risk that human errors, technical failures, other damage or loss events could impact the functioning 
of equipment or even necessitate a complete or partial suspension of TVO's operations under certain 
circumstances. The operation of nuclear power also requires compliance with a number of regulations 
including, but not limited to, regulations concerning safety, technical specifications and the transport, 
storage and disposal of nuclear material. See "Regulatory Risks – Nuclear power plant operations are 
subject to extensive regulation". For example, TVO has strict third-party liability in relation to nuclear 
accidents. If materialised, any incidents that would undermine the safety and stability of TVO's operations 
could have a material adverse impact on TVO's business and financial position. 
There are risks related to disposal of nuclear waste 
In order to reduce the risk of nuclear irradiation, multi-layered containment systems and sophisticated safety 
protocols are used by TVO to effectively isolate radioactive materials from the surrounding environment 
during the process of interim storage, packaging, transport, relocation and encasement of nuclear waste in 
the final storage repositories. The risk of radioactive leakage into the environment at various stages of this 
process, as well as from the final storage facilities themselves, cannot be excluded entirely and, should such 
risk materialise, it could have a material adverse impact on TVO's business and financial position. 
TVO bears full legal and financial responsibility for the management and disposal of nuclear waste 
produced by the Olkiluoto nuclear power plant units. The future cost of containing the nuclear waste and 
maintaining the storage facilities over time is to be paid for from the Finnish State Nuclear Waste 
Management Fund (the "Fund") to which the nuclear power producers in Finland make annual 
contributions. Contributions to the Fund are calculated on the basis of actual estimates of the future cost of 
the management of such nuclear waste. However, if the amounts provided by the Fund were ever to be 
insufficient to cover the actual costs of managing the nuclear waste, then TVO would be responsible for its 
pro-rata share of any such excess costs. 
Adverse developments in the demand and supply for nuclear fuel and related services could result in 
procurement problems for TVO 
Procurement of nuclear fuel involves the following three main elements: the purchase of raw uranium; 
uranium enrichment services; and nuclear fuel manufacture. Throughout its history, TVO has followed a 
policy of maintaining relationships with a number of suppliers of the aforesaid elements. The cost at which 
uranium is available changes according to fluctuations in the world markets and is influenced by 
fluctuations in the price of other fuels. Most of these services are procured under long term contracts, 
however, no assurance can be given that developments in the demand and supply for nuclear fuel and related 
services will not result in procurement problems for TVO and, as a result, have a material adverse impact 
on TVO's business and financial position. 
FINANCING RISKS IN RELATION TO TVO 
TVO could encounter difficulties in refinancing its debt, financing its operations and managing its liquidity 
According to TVO's financing policy, TVO is required to maintain diversified funding sources and a 
diversified financing structure in terms of its debt maturity profile. TVO's financing policy also prescribes 
that management should maintain all of TVO's debt in euro and, where debt is not incurred in euro, to hedge 
it with appropriate instruments in such a manner as to ensure that TVO manages its exchange rate risk. No 
assurance can be given that TVO will be able to successfully obtain additional financing for its investment 
needs or to manage its debt maturities and refinance or renegotiate its existing debt as it matures, due to 
changes in market conditions affecting generally the availability of financing, or due to developments 
specific to TVO or its operations, which could adversely affect TVO's business and financial position.  
TVO manages its liquidity by invoicing its shareholders on a monthly basis for its fixed and variable costs, 
as specified in its Articles of Association (see "Description of the Issuer – Operating Model of TVO"). 
TVO's liquidity and financial position are materially dependent on its shareholders making timely payments 
and no assurance can be given that the failure of a shareholder to make such payments would not adversely 
affect TVO's liquidity and financial position. In addition to the monthly payments received from its 
shareholders, TVO finances its operations, including investments, through various types of loan financing 
from third parties, including loans under the Programme, and has also received a number of equity capital 
injections and/or subordinated loans from its shareholders in the past (see "Description of the Issuer – 
Operating Model of TVO"). Other than the existing EUR 400 million commitment of the series B

--- Page 16 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 10- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
shareholders described under "Description of the Issuer - Operating Model of TVO", the shareholders of 
TVO have no obligation to inject additional capital or otherwise finance TVO beyond payment for TVO's 
annual fixed and variable costs, as set forth in the Articles of Association of TVO, and no assurance can be 
given that they would provide such additional capital or other financing or that additional financing would 
be available from third parties in the future to finance TVO's operations or to refinance TVO's debt, if 
required, which could have a material adverse impact on TVO's business and financial position and could 
result in the insolvency of TVO. 
TVO is exposed to interest rate risks 
TVO has maintained an interest rate structure whereby it seeks to find an optimum balance by avoiding 
significant fluctuation in interest expenses by managing the duration of the debt portfolio by entering into 
different types of financing contracts and derivative contracts such as interest rate swaps and interest rate 
collar structures. No assurance can be given that TVO will be able to manage its interest rate risk 
successfully in the future. Based on TVO´s estimate, a 1 per cent. increase in TVO's average cost of debt 
would increase the annual interest costs by approximately 40 million euros. Any structural increase in 
interest rates would have a consequent increase in future cost of funding, and could have a material adverse 
impact on TVO's financial position. 
TVO's financing agreements involve counterparty and credit risks 
As part of TVO's financing activities, it enters into contractual arrangements with various financing 
institutions which expose TVO to counterparty risks. Credit risk exposures relating to financial derivative 
instruments are often volatile. TVO monitors credit and counterparty exposure to ensure that the risks are 
maintained at an acceptable level. However, no assurance can be given that TVO will not sustain losses as 
a result of default, litigation or other actions by one or more of its counterparties in the future. 
RISKS RELATED TO MAJOR ADVERSE EXTERNAL EVENTS 
Risks related to major adverse events or circumstances that could disrupt TVO's power production or 
otherwise have a material adverse effect on TVO's business or financial position 
TVO is subject to the risk that its power production could be disrupted due to major external adverse events 
outside of the control of TVO, such as (but not limited to) significant changes in, or cancellation of, its 
operating or other licences (e.g., environmental licences) related to one or more of its nuclear power plants; 
changes in laws or regulations governing the operation of nuclear power plants in Finland generally or one 
or more of TVO's nuclear plants specifically; issues related to the availability of nuclear power plant 
equipment, nuclear fuel and service providers in relation to TVO's nuclear power plants or disputes related 
to the equipment, nuclear fuel or services provided (including possible financial distress of such providers); 
or catastrophic events in relation to one or more of TVO's nuclear power plants, such as fires, explosions, 
floods, terrorist activities, pandemics, and other similar destructive or disruptive events. As discussed in 
"Description of the Issuer – Operating Model of TVO", TVO operates based on a cost-price principle (the 
"Mankala Principle") and, under its Articles of Association, TVO supplies electricity to its shareholders 
at cost. Each of the shareholders of each series of TVO's shares bears their share of the variable and fixed 
annual costs related to the nuclear power plant unit or other units represented by such series of shares, as 
specified in the Articles of Association. In the event that there would be a material disruption in the actual 
or scheduled deliveries of electricity to TVO's shareholders as a result of any major adverse event, such as 
those described above; a failure to start or a significant further delay in starting regular power production 
by any new nuclear power plant unit; a failure to operate any of TVO's existing or new nuclear power plant 
units in a commercially acceptable manner due to a substantially lower than anticipated power production 
capacity in relation to such unit(s), substantially higher than anticipated electricity price being charged by 
TVO from its shareholders for electricity generated by such unit or for any other reason, or TVO incurring 
material unexpected liabilities or costs in relation to any of the above or otherwise, such events could have 
a material adverse impact on the viability of the operating principle of TVO or on its business or financial 
position. In the event any such risk materialises, or otherwise, TVO's shareholders may be requested to 
provide additional financing to TVO in order to cover any liabilities or costs, that go beyond those allocated 
to the shareholders pursuant to the Articles of Association, as described under "Description of the Issuer – 
Operating Model of TVO", no assurance can be given that the shareholders would be prepared to provide 
such additional financing to TVO and a decision by the shareholders not to provide such additional 
financing together with a failure of TVO to secure such additional financing from third parties could have

--- Page 17 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 11- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
a material adverse impact on its business and financial position and could result in the insolvency of TVO. 
See "Financial risks – Financing, refinancing and liquidity risk". 
REGULATORY RISKS 
Nuclear power plant operations are subject to extensive regulation  
The operation of nuclear facilities is complex and requires compliance with a number of regulations 
including, but not limited to, regulations concerning safety, technical specifications and the transport and 
storage of nuclear material. In order to operate a nuclear power plant, an operating licence granted by the 
Finnish Government is required in accordance with section 20 of the Nuclear Energy Act. A failure by TVO 
to comply with applicable regulations could result in an interruption of its operations and could have a 
material adverse impact on its business and financial position, and TVO's operating licences may be 
revoked if it fails to comply with applicable regulations or the licence conditions. 
On 20 September 2018, the Finnish Government ("Finnish Government" or "Government") granted TVO 
an operating licence under section 20 of the Finnish Nuclear Energy Act (Ydinenergialaki, 990/1987, as 
amended, the "Nuclear Energy Act") for the nuclear power plant units OL1 and OL2. The operating license 
for OL1 and OL2 units is valid until 31 December 2038.  
The Finnish Government made the decision in principle on the OL3 EPR on 17 January 2002 and granted 
the construction licence for the OL3 EPR on 17 February 2005. On 7 March 2019, the Finnish Government 
granted TVO an operating licence under section 20 of the Nuclear Energy Act also for the EPR nuclear 
power plant unit Olkiluoto 3 ("OL3 EPR"). The operating licence for OL3 EPR unit is valid until 31 
December 2038.  
Regulations applicable to TVO's operations could become more complex and stringent. For example, due 
to the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant accident in Japan in March 2011, a review of nuclear plant 
safety measures was initiated in Europe by the European Commission (for more information, see 
"Description of the Issuer – Developments after the Fukushima Incident"). As a result of the safety 
assessments and nuclear stress tests undertaken as part of its review of safety measures in the nuclear 
industry, the European Commission amended the Nuclear Safety Directive (Council Directive 
2009/71/EURATOM) 
with 
the 
Nuclear 
Safety 
Directive 
Amendment 
(Council 
Directive/2014/87/EURATOM), which came into force in August 2014. The amended directive aims to 
strengthen the powers and independence of national safety authorities and introduces EU-wide safety 
objectives. It also establishes a European system of regular peer reviews. The amendments to the Nuclear 
Energy Act implementing the directive entered into force on 1 January 2018. These legislative amendments 
are not expected to result in significant changes for TVO or require significant investments by TVO, but 
no assurance can be given that any new legislation would not adversely affect the Issuer's business and 
financial position due to significant new investments required, or otherwise.  
A failure by TVO to comply with applicable regulations or any new regulations that may be introduced 
could result in interruption of its operations and have a material adverse impact on its business and financial 
position.  
Changes to existing taxation laws could cause additional expenses to TVO 
In January 2018, the Finnish Ministry of Finance published its proposal to implement the EU directive 
(2016/1164) laying down rules against tax avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the 
internal market. In November 2018, changes to the Finnish Business Income Tax Act (360/1968, as 
amended) were approved by the Finnish Parliament concerning the implementation of the EU directive 
(2016/1164). Among other things, the amendment imposes limitations on deductibility of interest expenses. 
The changes entered into force as of 1 January 2019. The Finnish Business Income Tax Act applies to all 
companies regulated by the act, including energy companies operating according to the Mankala Principle.  
As TVO is not making any profit due to the operation of the Mankala Principle, it is currently not paying 
any corporate tax in Finland.  TVO has proposed changes to the Finnish Ministry of Finance in respect of 
its implementation of the directive into Finnish law. These changes seek for an exemption applicable to 
non-profit nuclear companies. In addition, the Finnish Parliament stated in November 2018 that the 
Government should proceed immediately with the European Commission to investigate the possibility to 
exclude investments made by non-profit nuclear companies from the scope of the directive. The Ministry

--- Page 18 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 12- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
of Finance continues the preparation of the exception in accordance with a statement from the Finnish 
Parliament, but there can be no certainty that such changes would be implemented partly, or in full, in the 
final law.  
If no exception will  be implemented in Finland as stated by the Finnish Parliament, TVO may have to pay 
corporate taxes in the future in spite of the operation of the Mankala Principle, which would increase its 
production costs and adversely affect its cost-competitiveness and, therefore, potentially have a material 
adverse impact on TVO's business and financial position. The amount of taxes is dependent on the amount 
of annual un-deductible interest expenses of TVO. However, even if no exception was accepted, TVO 
currently expects that it will not have to pay any corporate taxes in 2021. 
Licences related to nuclear facilities may be denied and/or cancelled by a political decision 
Construction of a new nuclear power plant requires a decision in principle which is made by the Finnish 
Government, and such a decision also requires ratification by the Finnish Parliament ("Finnish 
Parliament" or "Parliament") by a simple majority in accordance with sections 11 and 15 of the Nuclear 
Energy Act. Once such ratification has been obtained, a construction licence can be approved by the Finnish 
Government in accordance with section 18 of the Nuclear Energy Act. Furthermore, in order to operate a 
nuclear power plant, an operating licence granted by the Finnish Government is required in accordance 
with section 20 of the Nuclear Energy Act. If due to a political decision, the licence to construct or operate 
a nuclear facility is cancelled or the licence to operate a nuclear facility is denied, the holder of the cancelled 
licence or the applicant whose licence to operate the nuclear facility has been denied, is entitled to a 
reasonable compensation from the State of Finland for the direct expenses incurred in the construction of 
the facility in accordance with section 27 of the Nuclear Energy Act. TVO's management is not aware of 
any plans to change Finnish legislation concerning the licensing and compensation procedure. However, 
no assurance can be given that such changes will not occur in the future or that other laws or regulations, 
including tax laws, that could have a material impact on TVO's business and financial position, will not be 
passed. 
RISKS RELATED TO CERTAIN TYPE OF BONDS AND FINANCIAL MARKETS 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes 
issued under the Programme 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer 
may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.

--- Page 19 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 13- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR or LIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market 
values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with 
otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the 
reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing 
interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
its Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as reference rates in the capital 
markets and their adoption as an alternative to Sterling or U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and 
SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward 
expectation of an average SONIA and SOFR rate over a designated term). The continued development of 
Compounded Daily SONIA/SONIA and SOFR rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, 
as well as continued development of SONIA- and SOFR based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop 
both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR. In 
particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR methodologies have been used in SOFR 
linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the 
Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with the Notes.  In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA 
or SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and 
adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives or SOFR and loan markets. 
Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA 
or SOFR. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have a limited history 
Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that 
Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, 
whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on 
inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA or SOFR may behave 
materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to

--- Page 20 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 14- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
LIBOR which is an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on April 3, 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or 
other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR in their current form began in April 2018 and they therefore have a limited 
history. The future performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the 
limited historical performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little 
or no relation to the historical level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour 
of market variables and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, the Interest Rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference 
Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become 
due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Amount payable in respect 
of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on 
which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA or 
SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, 
including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the 
Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR.  
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests of the Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders, including 
with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent makes pursuant to the 
Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and 
upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking

--- Page 21 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 15- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
There are risks that certain benchmark rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the 
future, including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the trading 
market for, value of and return on, Notes based on such benchmarks 
LIBOR, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other rates and indices which are deemed to 
be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent international, national and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past or disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences that cannot be predicted. 
The Benchmarks Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 
June 2016 and became applicable from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within 
the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent 
certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed 
to be a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of a benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. 
Furthermore, LIBOR is the subject of ongoing regulatory reforms. Following the implementation of any of 
these reforms, the manner of administration of LIBOR may change, with the result that it may perform 
differently than in the past or be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be 
predicted. For example, on 27 July 2017, the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it will no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and on 5 
March 2021 confirmed that most LIBOR tenors would cease to be representative benchmarks from the end 
of 2021 (in the case of GBP LIBOR) or June 2023 (in the case of USD LIBOR). Such announcements 
indicate that LIBOR will not continue in its current form. In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of 
England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates has 
been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the SONIA across sterling bond, loan and 
derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end 
of 2021. The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as LIBOR, the establishment of alternative 
reference rates or changes in the manner of administration of a benchmark could also require adjustments 
to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments 
that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been 
made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was available in its current form. 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement) and, if applicable, an 
Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the

--- Page 22 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 16- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Issuer may (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determine the replacement rate, 
provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply. This may result 
in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Notes initially designated to be Floating Rate Notes. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Benchmark Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been 
made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate or Adjustment Spread, if applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer 
may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate or Adjustment Spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. 
In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any 
potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Notes 
may not do so and may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
interest rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, United 
Kingdom, or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, 
or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could 
have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on any Notes linked to such 
benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any 
investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to a benchmark. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Notes linked to a benchmark 
or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, such 
Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to such 
Notes. 
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum specified 
denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum specified denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum specified denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive bearer Notes be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a specified 
denomination. If definitive bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive bearer Notes 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum specified denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the

--- Page 23 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 17- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Finnish Government and monetary authorities 
may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Judgments entered against the Issuer in the courts of a state which is not subject to the Brussels 
Regulations or the Lugano Convention may not be recognised or enforceable in Finland 
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Finland in the courts of a state which is not, under 
the terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial 
matters (the “2012 Brussels Regulation”), (ii) Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of 22 December 2000 
on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the 
“2000 Brussels Regulation”) or (iii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement 
of judgments in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the “Lugano 
Convention”), a Member State (as defined in the 2012 Brussels Regulation and the 2000 Brussels 
Regulation) or a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or 
enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without a retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority 
as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, administrative tribunals or executive or other public 
authorities of Finland). Upon the expiry of the transition period of the Withdrawal Agreement (defined as 
the fully ratified agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community dated 21 October 2019), and in 
the absence of any other equivalent arrangements being put in place, the United Kingdom ceased to be a 
Member State or a Contracting State with effect from such expiry date, being 31 December 2020. In such 
circumstances, an English court judgment entered against the Issuer in relation to the Notes may not be 
recognised or enforceable in Finland without a retrial on its merits as referred to above. Any such retrial on

--- Page 24 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 18- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
its merits could significantly delay the enforcement by holders of the Notes of the Issuer’s obligations under 
the Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 19- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The Programme is a EUR 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme under which the Issuer may, 
from time to time, issue Notes including, without limitation, Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero 
Coupon Notes and other Notes subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant dealers prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Final Terms of the Notes endorsed 
on, or attached to, the Notes. 
Notes that have a maturity of less than one year and that qualify as money market instruments will be 
subject to all applicable legal, regulatory and central bank requirements relating to money market 
instruments, as well as any other requirements governing Notes that have a maturity of less than one year 
and that qualify as money market instruments.

--- Page 26 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 20- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, included in the Report of the Board of 
Directors and Financial Statements 2020, in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 prepared 
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union 
("IFRS") 
(as 
set 
out 
at 
https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20210218142707/7ODEYXIH3/TVO_Report-of-the-
Board-of-Directors-and-Financial-Statements_2020.pdf). 
1. Acquisition of tangible and intangible assets and shares 
p. 15 
2. Key Figures of TVO Group 
p. 22 
3. Income Statement 
p. 24 
4. Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
p. 24 
5. Balance Sheet 
p. 25 
6. Statement of Changes on Total Equity 
p. 26 
7. Cash Flows Statement 
p. 27 
8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. 28-90 
9. Auditors Report 
p. 91 - 96 
(b) 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, included in the Report of the Board of 
Directors and Financial Statements 2019, in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 prepared 
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union 
("IFRS") 
(as 
set 
out 
at   
https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200227114917/7FS1jqw4n/TVO_Report-of-the-Board-
of-Directors-and-Financial-statements_2019.pdf). 
1. Acquisition of tangible and intangible assets and shares 
p. 15 
2. Key Figures of TVO Group 
p. 22 
3. Income Statement 
p. 24 
4. Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
p. 24 
5. Balance Sheet 
p. 25 
6. Statement of Changes on Total Equity 
p. 26 
7. Cash Flows Statement 
p. 27 
8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. 28-88 
9. Auditors Report 
p. 88 - 95 
(c) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, in respect of the three-months ended 
31 
March 
2021 
prepared 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
IFRS 
(as 
set 
out 
at 
https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20210422125135/7Pktru2Gn/TVO_Interim_Report_Q1_
2021.pdf). 
1. Acquisition of tangible and intangible assets and shares 
p. 6

--- Page 27 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 21- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
2. Key Figures of TVO Group 
p. 8 
3. Income Statement 
p. 9 
4. Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
p. 9 
5. Balance Sheet 
p. 10 
6. Statement of Changes on Total Equity 
p. 11 
7. Cash Flows Statement 
p. 12 
8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. 13-20 
(d) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 24-57 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 11 June 
2010 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (as set out 
at 
https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200702153435/7IXrYZifZ/Base-Prospectus-2010-
06-11.pdf). 
(e) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 20-44 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 
2012 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (as set out 
at https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200702153917/7IXrrehMX/Base-Prospectus-2012-
06-15.pdf). 
(f) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 20-45 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 14 June 
2013 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (as set out 
at 
https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200702154015/7IXrvcuBt/Base-Prospectus-2013-
06-14.pdf). 
(g) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 20-47 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 11 June 
2014 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (as set out 
at 
https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200702154056/7IXryPeO9/Base-Prospectus-2014-
06-11.pdf). 
(h) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 20-47 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 12 June 
2015 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (as set out 
at https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200702154210/7IXs3OMLZ/Base-Prospectus-2015-
06-12.pdf). 
(i) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 21-48 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 2 June 
2016 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (as set out 
at 
https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200702154258/7IXs6cHlh/Base-Prospectus-2016-
06-02.pdf). 
(j) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 22-48 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 4 July 
2017 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (as set out 
at https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200702154348/7IXsA1uTZ/Base-Prospectus-2017-
07-04.pdf). 
(k) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 23-48 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 29 June 
2018 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (as set out 
at https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200702154432/7IXsD1TwH/Base-Prospectus-2018-
06-29.pdf). 
(l) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 25-57 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 27 June 
2019 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (as set out 
at https://www.tvo.fi/uploads/File/TVOEMTNU19BaseProspectusdated27June2019.pdf). 
(m) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 27-62 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 
2020 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (as set out 
at https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200715095543/7IrHO7YDR/25284pdffinal.pdf).

--- Page 28 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 22- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
 
(n) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus and available from 
the Finnish Trade Register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration office (as set out at 
https://www.tvo.fi/material/collections/20200831073128/7K0cUBfgv/TVO_Articles_of_Associa
tion-2020-07-30.pdf). 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, and this Base Prospectus itself, may be inspected, free of charge, at Olkiluoto, FI-27160 
Eurajoki, Finland and will be available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (www.tvo.fi). Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the Issuer's 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. The parts of the documents incorporated by reference 
which are not specified in paragraphs (a) to (n) above are either not relevant for the investor or covered in 
another part of the Base Prospectus. 
If the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus themselves incorporate any 
information or other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents 
will not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation except where such 
information or other documents are specifically incorporated by reference to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 23- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer is material to an investor for making 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the 
Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has 
endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information 
relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be 
determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the relevant 
Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other necessary 
information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 24- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV, with offices at 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A., 
with offices at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of European Union securities settlement systems in ESCB credit 
operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other 
criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form 
will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in 
global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will 
only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to 
the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN effectuated, to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to 
the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the 
Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 31 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 25- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive 
form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances 
described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances 
described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note

--- Page 32 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 26- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual note certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it had assessed 
the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered 
form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible 
as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Note represented by a Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to 
be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary 
and will be exchangeable for Individual Notes Certificates in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case 
of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for 
Individual Notes Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 33 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 27- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances 
described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 34 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 28- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State or in the United 
Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  
Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of 
any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(i) 
Programme:  Teollisuuden Voima Oyj (the "Issuer" or "TVO") has established a Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
4,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(ii) 
Series:  Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. 
(iii) 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus: The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"), as 
completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") 
or as completed, amended and/or replaced in a separate prospectus specific to such 
Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus").  In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus shall prevail.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in these Conditions to information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
(iv) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 8 June 2021 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Deutsche 
Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any 
successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying 
agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time 
in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional 
transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these 
Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents 
and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(v) 
Deed of Covenant:  The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of 
covenant dated 8 June 2021 (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(vi) 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are 
available for viewing at Olkiluoto, FI-27160 Eurajoki, Finland and copies may be obtained 
from Olkiluoto, FI-27160 Eurajoki, Finland. 
(vii) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
Noteholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" 
and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies

--- Page 35 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 29- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, 
the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(i) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines should be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or 
option provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
"Benchmark Event" has the meaning given in Condition 7(j); 
"Business Day" means other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as 
SOFR in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(i) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be 
postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and after 
the scheduled final Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 36 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 30- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(ii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(iv) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by 
a designated distributor (currently NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of designated maturities 
which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic CIBOR rates can be obtained 
from the designated distributor); 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days

--- Page 37 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 31- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 38 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 32- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the 
last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Schedule 2 to the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such higher 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 39 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 33- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has 
the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered 
Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms or if none 
is so specified: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR (other than the Sterling or Euro LIBOR), the second 
London business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is Sterling LIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period; 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR, the second day on which TARGET2 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period;  
(v) 
if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the second Copenhagen business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; or

--- Page 40 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 34- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(vi) 
if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified 
as such in the provisions of the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc;  
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, as supplemented by any applicable supplement 
to the ISDA Definitions including but not limited to the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic LIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means: 
(i) 
on the basis of the most recent audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, any Subsidiary 
whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5 per cent. of the total consolidated assets 
of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets 
of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary 
or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material 
Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the date of the most recent audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer, and 
a report by the auditors to the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not 
at any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive 
and binding on all parties; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 41 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 35- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of Norske Finansielle Referanser AS based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for 
Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and in the case of Registered Notes, has 
the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered 
Notes);  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer after the issue of the Notes, where such Security Interest is created 
prior to the date on which such company becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, if: 
(A) 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such 
company; and 
(B) 
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or since 
the date of, the acquisition of such company;

--- Page 42 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 36- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(ii) 
any Security Interest over or affecting any asset acquired by the Issuer or a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer after the issue of the Notes, where such Security Interest is created prior to the 
date of the acquisition of such asset, if: 
(A) 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such 
asset; and 
(B) 
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or since 
the date of, the acquisition of such asset; and/or 
(iii) 
any Security Interest granted that secures Project Finance Indebtedness only; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case 
as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Project Finance Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness incurred by a debtor to finance the 
ownership, acquisition, construction, development and/or operation of an asset, assets or portfolio 
of assets in respect of which the person or persons to whom such Indebtedness is, or may be, owed 
have no recourse whatsoever for the repayment of or payment of any sum relating to such 
Indebtedness other than: 
(i) 
recourse to such debtor for amounts limited to the aggregate cash flow or net cash flow 
(other than historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset, assets or portfolio 
of assets; and/or 
(ii) 
recourse to such debtor generally, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other 
than liquidated damages and damages required to be calculated in a specified way) for 
breach of an obligation, representation or warranty (not being a payment obligation, 
representation or warranty or an obligation, representation or warranty to procure payment 
by another or an obligation, representation or warranty to comply or to procure compliance 
by another with any financial ratios or other test of financial condition) by the Person 
against whom such recourse is available; and/or 
(iii) 
if such debtor has been established specifically for the purpose of constructing, developing, 
owning and/or operating the relevant asset, assets or portfolio of assets and such debtor 
owns no other significant assets and carries on no other business, recourse to all of the 
assets and undertaking of such debtor and the shares in the capital of such debtor; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder pursuant to the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 43 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 37- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" shall mean (i) LIBOR, (ii) EURIBOR, (iii) NIBOR, (iv) SOFR, (v) SONIA, (vi) 
CIBOR or (vii) STIBOR, in each case for the relevant currency and for the relevant period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such 
due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" shall mean (i) London, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, (ii) 
Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, (iii) Oslo, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, (iv) Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, (v) Stockholm, in the case of 
a determination of STIBOR, or (vi) in relation to Notes determined in any other currency, such 
financial centre or centres as may be specified in relation to the relevant currency and for the 
purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in the ISDA Definitions; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other debt instrument which is, or 
is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any regulated securities 
market; 
"Relevant Margin" means in the case of Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the margin(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the

--- Page 44 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 38- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" shall mean (i) in the case of LIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of EURIBOR, 
11.00 a.m., (iii) in the case of NIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iv) in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m., or (iv) in 
the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or such other time, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date;  
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(i) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes or 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on 
redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(ii) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; 
(iii) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(iv) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(v) 
to amend this definition; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (or any other 
Person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing 
rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each 
such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained 
from the designated distributor); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or

--- Page 45 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 39- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to 
or replacement of the Reference Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on establishing the European Communities, as amended; 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2 to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes:  Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 46 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 40- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(c) 
Registered Notes:  Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes:  The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to 
each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be 
numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case 
of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the 
time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
"Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes:  Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. 
Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject 
of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be 
issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates:  Within five business days of the surrender of a 
Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the 
Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal 
amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as 
the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such 
relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the 
purpose by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the 
city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge:  The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods:  Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations.

--- Page 47 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 41- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none 
of its respective Subsidiaries (if any) will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest other 
than a Permitted Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, 
assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee 
of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally 
and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security or other arrangement (whether or not it 
includes the giving of a Security Interest) for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes), as applicable. Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes), as applicable. Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day

--- Page 48 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 42- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR): 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being a Reference Rate other than SONIA or SOFR, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(D) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if 
the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination (Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR):  
(A) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Relevant 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(c)(ii)(A):

--- Page 49 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 43- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑
 
 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in 
such Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" 
up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days included 
in the relevant Final Terms, provided that "p" shall not be less than three Business 
Days at any time and shall not be less than five Business Days without prior 
written approval of the Calculation Agent; 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, subject to Condition 7(j), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page

--- Page 50 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 44- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA rate shall be:  
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, subject to Condition 7(j), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Relevant 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Relevant Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable 
and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
 
 
(B) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Relevant Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(c)(ii)(B): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 7(c)(ii)(B). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. 
For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for 
any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one 
or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
Observation Period will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and

--- Page 51 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 45- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR 
(or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR 
Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 7B(c) below will 
apply. 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment 
Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes 
on any earlier redemption date, the relevant redemption date); 
"Interest Payment Determination Dates" means the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date where 
"p" has the value ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities 
are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i)  
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii)  
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001):

--- Page 52 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 46- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
 
where:  
"do," for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
"SOFRi," for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i";  
"ni," for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); and  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders 
of the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR 
used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i)  
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement

--- Page 53 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 47- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;

--- Page 54 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 48- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such 
component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and 
(ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the 
Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under this Condition 7(c)(ii)(B) will be notified no later than ten (10)

--- Page 55 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 49- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
7(c)(ii)(B); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination:  If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA 
Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a 
currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount.  The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the

--- Page 56 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 50- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark replacement: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7 but subject, where the Reference 
Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR, to the operation of the fallback provisions 
specified in the definition of SOFR in Condition 7(c)(ii), if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to the Reference Rate (as applicable), then the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative 
rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and, in either case, an alternative screen page 
or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or last SOFR Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 7(j)); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the Reference Rate in customary market 
usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest 
in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the Reference 
Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information 
service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and 
the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-
off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced 
the Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating rates 
of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified 
Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most 
comparable to the Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate 
so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page 
of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however,

--- Page 57 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 51- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
that if this subparagraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (as applicable) in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the Reference Rate applicable to such Interest 
Period (as applicable) shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the 
relevant Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to 
be applied to the Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period (as applicable), the Relevant Margin relating to the Interest Period, in place of the 
margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, the first paragraph of this Condition 7(j); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark 
and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j)); 
(v) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes to the Day 
Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time, Business Day Convention, 
Business Day, Additional Business Centre, Interest Determination Date, Relevant 
Financial Centre, Reference Banks, Principal Financial Centre and/or the definition of 
Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to 
the Notes for all future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 7(j)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) 
give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders. 
The determination of the Alternative Benchmark Rate and the other matters referred to above by 
the Independent Adviser will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders and no liability to any such person will attach to the 
Independent Adviser in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes.  For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have accepted the Alternative Benchmark Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or Successor Rate (where 
applicable) and such other changes made pursuant to this Condition 7(j) and no consent or approval 
of any Noteholder shall be required. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(j),  if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, in the Calculation Agent's 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 7(j), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative 
course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not within ten (10)  Business Days provided

--- Page 58 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 52- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful 
default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur 
any liability for not doing so. 
Such Benchmark Amendments shall not impose more onerous obligations on the party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities than those 
agreed in this Condition or elsewhere unless such party consent. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result 
of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it has ceased, or will 
cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that 
means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(E) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable). 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part:

--- Page 59 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 53- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to 
the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry 
of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the call option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case 
may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date).  Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. The Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be either, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) if Make Whole Redemption Price is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Make Whole Redemption Price or (ii) the 
specified percentage (being no less than 100 per cent.) of the nominal amount of the Notes as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will be an amount equal to the higher of: 
(i) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 100 per 
cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the

--- Page 60 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 54- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross 
Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption 
Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the 
Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(ii) 
if Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed 
and (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to 
be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued 
to the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such 
amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting 
of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days 
elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent.  
Provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make-
Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes. 
In this Condition 9(c): 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the 
Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the relevant Dealer(s); 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" 
(published 8 June 1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding 
basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on 
such other basis as the relevant Dealer(s) may approve; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated 
yield for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming 
a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption;

--- Page 61 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 55- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted 
in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the Remaining Term of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to 
be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 9(c). 
(d) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal 
Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the 
Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no 
event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the put option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any 
Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent 
with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable 
or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call: If Clean-up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and, 
at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche issued, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer, at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). The notice shall be irrevocable. Any such redemption shall be at par together, if 
appropriate, with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
No other redemption:  The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (f) above.

--- Page 62 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 56- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount no less than its principal amount and equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(h) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchase:  The Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. 
(j) 
Cancellation:  All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its respective 
Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled 
and may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch 
of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the principal and interest on the Notes in the currency in which the 
payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at the 
offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto.  
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 63 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 57- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available 
for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum 
deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons 
(or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(g) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by paragraph (c) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating 
the amount and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon

--- Page 64 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 58- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which 
claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void 
and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing 
branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch 
of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) 
on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or 
other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment 
not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 11 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in 
respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date.

--- Page 65 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 59- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Finland or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law or 
agreement with a governmental authority. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding 
or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any 
Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to the relevant tax authority; or 
(iii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of 
such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for 
payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
Finland, references in these Conditions to Finland shall be construed as references to Finland 
and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA Withholding: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition, none of the Issuer, 
any paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect 
to any withholding or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Note pursuant to Section 1471 to 
1474 of the Code ("FATCA"), any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing 
FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer, a paying agent or any other person and the United 
States, any other jurisdiction, or any authority of any of the foregoing implementing FATCA. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment:  the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within five 
days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes within seven days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations:  if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms in respect of the Notes and the 
failure continues for the period of 30 days after notice thereof shall have been given by the holder 
of any of the Notes to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness, other than Supply Contract Indebtedness, of the Issuer or any of its 
respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) is not paid when due or (as the case may be) 
within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness, other than Supply Contract Indebtedness, becomes (or becomes 
capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at

--- Page 66 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 60- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
the option of the Issuer or the Material Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, 
howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its respective Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount 
payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness, other than Supply Contract 
Indebtedness; 
(iv) 
any security given by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (if any) for any Indebtedness, 
other than Supply Contract Indebtedness, becomes enforceable by reason of default; or 
(v) 
one or more final judgement(s) or order(s) for the payment is rendered against the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstaged for a period of 45 days 
after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment, 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) 
above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above 
and/or the amount payable under any security referred to in sub-paragraph (iv) above, individually 
or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), 
where "Supply Contract Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred pursuant to a contract 
for the supply, acquisition, construction or development of a nuclear power unit or associated 
facility; or 
(d) 
Security enforced:  a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer where 
the value of the undertaking, assets and revenues in question exceeds EUR 10,000,000; or 
(e) 
Insolvency etc:  the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary shall be adjudicated or found bankrupt or 
insolvent, or shall suspend payments, or any order or action shall be made or taken by any 
competent court or administrative agency, or any resolution shall be passed by the Issuer, to apply 
for judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or for the appointment of a receiver or 
trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings in relation to the Issuer or a Material 
Subsidiary or a substantial part of its assets, or the Issuer shall be wound up or dissolved; or 
(f) 
Winding Up: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of an 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation, reconstruction or other similar arrangement 
(A) in the case of a Material Subsidiary not involving or arising out of the insolvency of such 
Material Subsidiary and under which all or substantially all of its assets are transferred to the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries, or (B) in the case of a Material Subsidiary under which all or substantially 
all of its assets are transferred to a third party or parties (whether associated or not) for 
consideration received by the Issuer or a Subsidiary on an arm's length basis, or (C) in the case of 
a Material Subsidiary under which all or substantially all of its assets are transferred and the 
transferee is or immediately upon such transfer be-comes a Material Subsidiary, or (D) on terms 
previously approved in writing by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(g) 
Analogous event:  any event occurs which under the laws of Finland has an analogous effect to any 
of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (f) above, 
then any Note may be declared immediately due and payable if written notice is received from 
Holders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
and such notice is addressed by such Holders thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable 
at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or 
formality. Notice of any such declaration shall promptly be given to all other Noteholders of such 
Notes. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption

--- Page 67 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 61- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates 
or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders:  The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by them upon 
the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or representing a clear majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding or representing not less 
than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, not less than a clear majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an

--- Page 68 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 62- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or if such 
modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it 
is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed.  
(b) 
Registered Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses 
on the Register and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices to Noteholders will be 
published on the date of such mailing in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been 
made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder 
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon 
receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof.

--- Page 69 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 63- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to 
the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in 
such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by English law. 
(b) 
English courts:  The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity.  
(c) 
Appropriate forum:  The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England:  Condition 22(b) (English courts) 
is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 22 (Governing law 
and jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders 
may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent:  The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Vistra Trust Company Limited at Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St James's Square, London 
SW1Y 4LB or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in 
Great Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. If 
such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to 
the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to 
accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any 
Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 70 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 64- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing 
in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final 
Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2 
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")/[MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
 
1 Include where Part B item 9(a) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable".   
2 Include where Part B item 9(b)  of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable".   
3 Delete legend if the manager[s] in relation to the Notes are not subject to MiFID II and therefore there are no MiFID II manufacturers.

--- Page 71 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 65- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the "SFA") 
and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP 
Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products.]4 
Final Terms dated [•] 
TEOLLISUUDEN VOIMA OYJ 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
EUR 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 8 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information.  The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
2017/1129. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") 
set 
forth 
in 
the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
[•] 
[•] 
[2010/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated 8 July 2020. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated [•] [•] 2021 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [•]] in order to obtain all the relevant 
information which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated 
[•] [•] [2010/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [•]].  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded). 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
4 [For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.]

--- Page 72 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 66- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes  
 become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading 
purposes 
with 
the 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
20 below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[EUR 100,000]  
(For Bearer Notes only, where any notes have a 
Specified Denomination of EUR 100,000 and 
integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof up 
to and including EUR 199,000 in paragraph 20 
(Form of Notes) of the Final Terms, the Temporary 
Global Note or the Permanent Global Note may only 
be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the applicable Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global Note.) 
(Other denomination of at least EUR 100,000) 
(Notes which may be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any other listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system situated or 
operating in a member state of the European Union 
may not have a minimum denomination of less than 
EUR100,000 (or nearly equivalent in another 
currency)) 
(Subject thereto, if Notes are to be issued which have 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination and higher integral multiples of 
another smaller amount, the following sample 
wording should be used (as adjusted for the relevant 
Specified Currency and the actual Specified 
Denominations: 
[€]100,000 and integral multiples of [€]1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including [€]199,000.  
Definitive Notes will not be issued in denominations 
in excess of [€]199,000.)]

--- Page 73 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 67- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] (Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be sold only to "professional 
investors" or (ii) another applicable exemption from 
section 19 of the FSMA must be available.]) 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[[•] month 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/NIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/CIBOR
/STIBOR]+/– [  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation, early 
redemption, call option or put option] [The] Notes 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [par/[insert 
amount greater than par]] 
 
10. 
Change of Interest or Payment Basis: 
Not Applicable / [From [insert date / Interest 
Payment Date] onwards the interest rate basis for 
payments shall be [•]] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
12. 
(i) 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted [for payment purposes 
only] in accordance with [specify Business Day

--- Page 74 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 68- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) 
for the definition of "Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon.) 
 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[•] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives.  If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Fiscal Agent/[•]] 
 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 75 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 69- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/SOFR/SONIA
/STIBOR] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
(In the case of SONIA: shall not be specified as less 
than three London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date without the prior consent of the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
 
• 
"p": 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(For example, Reuters LIBOR 01/ EURIBOR 01/ 
CIBOR 01/ NIBOR 01/ STIBOR 01) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
(For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time) 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro) 
 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) /  Actual/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Observation Look-back Period: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•]

--- Page 76 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 70- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[•]/[Any date from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [•]]/[in the period 
from and including [date] to but excluding [date]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Spens 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[•] 
 
 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
 
(d)  
Par Redemption Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv)         Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
17. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount: 
[•]

--- Page 77 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 71- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which 
is to be represented on issue by a Permanent Global 
Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes:] 
 
 
 
[Global Registered Note [€ [•] nominal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure (NSS)).] 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for individual 
note Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Global 
Registered Note] 
 
21. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end dates, 
to which sub paragraphs 15(ii), 16(v) and 18(x) 
relate) 
 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are left.] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 78 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 72- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Not Applicable] / [Relevant third party information has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of TEOLLISUUDEN VOIMA OYJ: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 79 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 73- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect 
from [•].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [•].] [Other] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [•].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [•].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
[Fitch Ratings Ltd.: [•]] 
[EEA Registered and UK endorsed/certified] 
[[•] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended.] [The 
rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] / [•] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018.] / [•] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA]

--- Page 80 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 74- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
[UK Registered and EEA endorsed/certified] 
[[•] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]. / [The 
rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], 
which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended] 
/ [•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended. / [•] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 [Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer. /[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•]] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
5. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
6. 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
7. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2]; 
(In the case of Bearer Notes) - [TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
(In the case of Registered Notes) – [Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and

--- Page 81 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 75- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
(a) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
10. 
(b) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
11. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
[FISN 
[[•], as updated as set out on the website of 
Association 
of 
National 
Number 
Agencies 
("ANNA")/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[CFI Code 
[[•], as updated as set out on the website of 
Association 
of 
National 
Number 
Agencies 
("ANNA")/Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified as "Not 
Applicable") 
 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), number(s) and 
address(es)]/[Norwegian 
Central 
Securities 
Depositary Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Fred Olsens 
gate 10152 OSLO, Norway] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any) 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of

--- Page 82 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 76- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
USE 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
AND 
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[  ]  [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base 
Prospectus/Give details] [If reasons differ from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus give 
details here.]  
 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[  ] / [Aggregate Nominal Amount] less customary 
transaction costs and fees (if any).

--- Page 83 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 77- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper (see Terms and Conditions). 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which in the case of any Global Registered Note which 
is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or 
a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent 
Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in 
the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender 
of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; 
or

--- Page 84 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 78- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all 
accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase 
the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth 
day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant.)  
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will 
acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms 
of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled 
to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Global Registered Notes 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf

--- Page 85 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 79- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
of the holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete 
and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the 
persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of 
each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of 
the Registrar. Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, 
shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will 
have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global 
Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed of Covenant, persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day:  In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note 
must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give 
written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of 
which such option is being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.

--- Page 86 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 80- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Payment Record Date:  Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business. 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 87 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 81- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes or otherwise 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 88 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 82- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is Teollisuuden Voima Oyj ("TVO"). TVO was incorporated as a 
limited liability company under the laws of the Republic of Finland and was registered with the Finnish 
Trade Register on 25 April 1969 (Trade Register number 196.448 and Business Identity Code 0196656-0). 
In 2007, TVO was registered as a public limited liability company, with no shares listed on a stock 
exchange. TVO's place of registered office is Helsinki, Finland and the principal place of business is at 
Olkiluoto, FI 27160 Eurajoki, Finland, and the telephone number of its principal place of business is +358 
2 8381 1. 
TVO's principal object, as set out in its Articles of Association, is the construction and procurement of 
power plants and power transmission equipment as well as, generation and supply of electricity at cost price 
to its shareholders. The shareholders consist mainly of electric utilities or their subsidiaries. TVO's objective 
is to produce electricity for the shareholders safely, economically and in an environmentally friendly 
manner. 
The TVO Group 
TVO is the ultimate parent company of the TVO group. TVO's largest shareholder is Pohjolan Voima Oyj 
("PVO"), with a total shareholding of 58.5 per cent. Subsidiaries in the TVO group (the "Group") are TVO 
Nuclear Services Oy ("TVONS") and the joint venture Posiva Oy.  
TVONS is a wholly owned subsidiary of TVO.  It delivers to its customers expertise and services related 
to high level nuclear safety, cost-effective operations and nuclear waste management. TVONS provides its 
customers with access to the special expertise of TVO personnel and the Olkiluoto infrastructure. 
Posiva Oy, which is jointly owned by TVO and Fortum Power and Heat Oy, is responsible for research of 
the final disposal of spent nuclear fuel and implementation of the final repository for Olkiluoto nuclear 
power plants (owned by TVO) and Loviisa nuclear power plants (owned by Fortum Power and Heat Oy) 
(see "Nuclear Waste Management - Disposal" below). Posiva Solutions Oy is a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Posiva Oy. Posiva Solutions Oy focuses on the sales of the know-how Posiva has accumulated from its 
design, research and development activities in the final disposal of spent nuclear fuel, as well as on 
associated consulting services.  Posiva Oy together with its subsidiary Posiva Solutions Oy forms the Posiva 
Group. 
Operating Model of TVO 
TVO operates on a Mankala Principle, which is widely applied in the Finnish energy industry. The Mankala 
Principle is not defined in Finnish legislation or other regulation but is based on the Articles of Association 
of each company applying the Mankala Principle and therefore, the detailed operating model, including the 
provision for coverage of costs by the shareholders, may differ between companies applying the Mankala 
Principle. The Mankala Principle applicable to TVO is described in Article 4 of the Articles of Association 
of TVO. Pursuant to the Articles of Association, amending Article 4 of the Articles of Association would 
require unanimous shareholder approval. 
Under its Articles of Association, TVO supplies electricity to its shareholders at cost, which means that it 
delivers the electricity it has produced to its shareholders in proportion to their shareholdings in each series 
of TVO shares. Each of the shareholders of each series of TVO shares is liable for its proportionate share 
of the variable and fixed annual costs related to the nuclear power plant unit or other units of TVO 
represented by such series of shares, as specified in Article 4 of the Articles of Association of TVO 
incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference other than in exceptional circumstances such as those 
described under "Risk Factors — Risks related to nuclear operations" and "Risk Factors —Financial risks". 
In practice, TVO currently prepares an annual balance sheet divided into series of its shares. The balance 
sheet, which is presented each year to a meeting of TVO's shareholders, is prepared solely for management 
accounting purposes in order to allocate annual costs, incurred by TVO, to the different series of shares. As 
to day-to-day operations, TVO prepares, for each calendar year, a related cost budget, which consists of 
normal operating costs (variable and fixed), interest on TVO's entire loan portfolio (including hedging) and 
depreciation (based on TVO's total assets and expected lifetime of the assets) and is used as the basis for 
setting the amount of each shareholder's payment for electricity. Of such payments, the amount

--- Page 89 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 83- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
corresponding to the depreciation of assets (net of capital expenditures), which is a non-cash item, is used 
to amortise TVO's entire loan portfolio. 
In addition to invoicing its shareholders on a monthly basis for fixed and variable costs in accordance with 
its Articles of Association, TVO finances its operations, including investments, through various types of 
financing from third parties, including loans under the Programme, and has also received a number of equity 
capital injections and/or subordinated loans from its shareholders in the past. In accordance with 
shareholder loan commitments signed by the series B shareholders in June 2013, December 2017 and in 
December 2020, in order for TVO to maintain a sufficient equity ratio in relation to OL3 EPR and to manage 
potential additional delays and costs in connection with the finalisation of the project (as anticipated at 
those times), as at the date of this Base Prospectus, EUR 400 million of these commitments are still 
undrawn. In addition, pursuant to a Facilities Agreement executed on 2 February 2016 and as amended and 
restated on 24 February 2021, TVO also currently maintains a revolving credit facility of EUR 1,000 million 
maturing on June 2024. At the date of this base prospectus, EUR 125 million is drawn under the Facility 
Agreement. 
TVO is a public limited liability company and its shareholders have no personal liability for the 
indebtedness or other obligations of TVO. Pursuant to the Articles of Association, TVO has the sole right 
to call upon the responsibilities of the shareholders in accordance with Article 4 of the Articles of 
Association. 
In accordance with the Articles of Association, each shareholder's share of the liability for TVO's annual 
costs is always limited to the amount corresponding to the proportion of its shareholding in relation to all 
shares belonging in the same series, and another shareholder's failure will not increase shareholder's liability 
based on its shareholding. The shareholders shall not be liable for costs other than costs of TVO specified 
in the Articles of Association, unless otherwise agreed in writing.  
A prerequisite to the shareholder's right to receive electricity is, according to the Articles of Association, 
that it has paid its share of costs on time. If a shareholder neglects to observe its payment obligation, TVO 
will have the right to immediately cut off the distribution of electricity to the shareholder and to sell the 
shareholder's portion of electricity to a party submitting the best offer, primarily to another shareholder of 
TVO. To date, TVO has never experienced payment delays by its shareholders. By applying the Mankala 
Principle, TVO supplies electricity only to its shareholders and at cost price. Consequently, in principle the 
profit/loss for the financial year is usually zero or close to zero. As a result, TVO is not exposed to 
fluctuations in the market price for electricity. Furthermore, TVO is not subject to price regulation.  
The costs of production, i.e. the price of the electricity, is charged in two or three stages: fixed costs are 
collected monthly in advance and variable costs are charged monthly in arrear and are determined according 
to the amount of electricity actually supplied. Any further operating costs incurred, if any, are funded on an 
annual basis. Currently, approximately 25 per cent. of any new large investments, such as the OL3 EPR 
construction project, come from equity capital injections or subordinated shareholder loans (hybrid equity 
under IFRS). A shareholder could buy less electricity than it is entitled to, however, such a shareholder 
would still be required to pay the fixed costs, although the variable costs related to that electricity produced 
would be reduced. 
In April 2010, the European Commission received a complaint and a written question from two members 
of the European Parliament concerning the granting of alleged state aid to a significant number of electricity 
generators (re: CP344/2009 "Mankala" electricity supply scheme). In June 2010, the Finnish authorities 
provided the European Commission with their summary of the facts. The Commission requested some 
further clarification on the Mankala scheme from the Finnish authorities in April 2011. In August 2011, the 
Finnish authorities responded to this request and were of the opinion that the "Mankala" electricity supply 
scheme did not constitute alleged state aid under Article 107 paragraph 1 of the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union. In November 2012, the European Commission's Directorate-General for 
Competition concluded the handling of the complaint submitted to the Commission without any adverse 
findings for TVO or other Finnish energy companies operating pursuant to the Mankala Principle. 
Shareholders 
TVO has six shareholders, and its share capital is divided into two share series, A and B. The A series 
entitles shareholders to electricity generated by OL1 and OL2 and gas-fired plants at Olkiluoto. The B 
series entitles shareholders to the electricity that will be generated by OL3 EPR. TVO had a 45 percent

--- Page 90 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 84- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
holding in the Meri-Pori coal-fired power plant owned and operated by Fortum Power and Heat Oy. Fortum 
acquired the capacity for its use in the beginning of 2019. TVO renounced its share of Meri-Pori’s capacity 
in the beginning of July 2020. Subsequently, TVO's C series shares, which entitled to electricity generated 
at Meri-Pori, were nullified. Existing shareholders have a pre-emptive right to any shares to be issued in 
proportion to their current shareholdings in TVO. None of the shareholders have majority rights and 
important decisions such as investment plans and cost budgets require a three-quarters majority vote of the 
Board of Directors. However, a change in the Mankala business model of TVO, would require unanimous 
shareholder approval. The shareholder structure has been stable since TVO's inception, with no significant 
shareholder changes over the last 20 years.  
As of 31 March 2021, the share series were held as follows: 
 
TVO's Shareholders 
 
A series 
B series 
 
Total 
 
(per cent.) 
EPV Energia Oy ............................................................................ 
6.5 
6.6 
 
6,6 
Fortum Power and Heat Oy(1) ...................................................... 
26.6 
25.0 
 
25,8 
Loiste Holding Oy ......................................................................... 
0.1 
0.1 
 
0.1 
Kemira Oyj.................................................................................... 
1.9 
– 
 
0.9 
Oy Mankala Ab(2) ........................................................................ 
8.1 
8.1 
 
8,1 
Pohjolan Voima Oyj ...................................................................... 
56.8 
60.2 
 
58,5 
Total .............................................................................................. 
100.0 
100.0 
 
100.0 
 _______________  
(1) Fortum Power and Heat Oy is a subsidiary of Fortum Oyj.  
(2) Oy Mankala Ab is wholly-owned by Helen Oy, the parent company of the municipal energy group of the City of Helsinki. 
TVO's principal shareholder, PVO, is also operating on the basis of the Mankala Principle, as are certain 
other shareholders of TVO and PVO. PVO's principal shareholders also include a number of publicly listed 
companies or their respective subsidiaries, such as Kemira Oyj; Metsäliitto Cooperative, Metsä-Fibre Oy 
and Metsä Board Oyj (each a member of the Metsä Group); Stora Enso Oyj; and Myllykoski Oyj, UPM 
Energy Oy and UPM Communication Papers Oy (each, a subsidiary of UPM-Kymmene Oyj). 
Business and Operations of TVO 
A total of 81 TWh of electricity was consumed in Finland in 2020, of which some 15 TWh (19 per cent.) 
was produced by TVO. In 2020, the consumption decreased by 6 per cent compared to 2019. The share of 
net electricity imports was 18.5 per cent (14.9 TWh) of total consumption. The amount of nuclear power 
generated in 2020 was 22.4 TWh, which accounted for 34 per cent of the total electricity produced in 
Finland. At Olkiluoto, electricity is generated by two nuclear power plant units and TVO also has a 100-
megawatt reserve gas turbine power plant built as a joint venture by Fingrid Oyj and TVO.  
Nuclear Power 
Olkiluoto 1 and Olkiluoto 2 
TVO currently operates two nuclear power plant units Olkiluoto 1 ("OL1") and Olkiluoto 2 ("OL2"). The 
rated net output of the nuclear power plant units are 890 MW for OL1 and 890 MW for OL2. In 2020, the 
annual output of the OL1 and OL2 nuclear power plant units combined was 14,587 GWh (14,751 GWh in 
2019). The OL1 and OL2 nuclear power plant units combined produced 18 per cent. of the aggregate 
amount of electricity used in Finland during 2020 (as compared to 17 per cent. in 2019). 
 
2019 
2020 
 
Net 
production 
Capacity 
Net 
production 
Capacity 
 
(GWh) 
(per cent.) 
(GWh) 
(per cent.) 
Olkiluoto 1 .................................................................................... 
7,542 
96,9 
7,310 
93,7

--- Page 91 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 85- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2020 
 
Net 
production 
Capacity 
Net 
production 
Capacity 
 
(GWh) 
(per cent.) 
(GWh) 
(per cent.) 
Olkiluoto 2 .................................................................................... 
7,209 
92,7 
7,277 
93,3 
Total .............................................................................................. 
14,751 
 
14,587 
 
OL1 and OL2 are in constant operation, aside from planned maintenance outages, for the supply of base-
load electricity. In addition to regular annual outages, TVO also carries out extensive service outages 
approximately once every 10 years in order to implement major modifications. TVO maintains OL1 and 
OL2 according to best practices to ensure highest safety standards and efficient power generation until the 
end of the economic lifetimes of the units, which is estimated to be approximately 60 years.  
There was a disturbance at the OL2 plant unit in December 2020, when the plant unit was suddenly 
disconnected from the grid and a site area emergency was declared at the plant unit. The disturbance quickly 
proved to be less serious than a site area emergency, and the plant unit was driven down into a cold 
shutdown state. The situation was caused due to hot water moving into the filters of the reactor water clean-
up system, which is when the activity levels (radiation levels) of the steam moving through the main steam 
lines momentarily rose to about 3 to 4 times higher compared with the normal activity level.  
Immediate actions to prevent similar occurrences have been completed, and the disturbance caused an 
interruption of nine days in OL2's electricity production. The disturbance did not cause harm to people or 
the environment. The Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority in Finland (STUK) classified the event at the 
severity level 0 on the INES scale, which means it did not have significance in relation to nuclear or 
radiation safety.  
The annual outages of 2021 were started on 25 April, when OL1 was disconnected from the national grid. 
OL1 underwent an refuelling outage. In addition to refuelling, several works were carried out at the unit. 
Some of them were rescheduled from the 2020 outage due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The works carried 
out included, for example, the replacement of the main transformer and a pressure test of the primary circuit 
of the reactor. The plant unit was be connected back to the grid on 11 May.  
The annual outage of OL2 plant unit started on 16 May. The outage is scheduled to be completed by mid-
June. OL2's outage is a maintenance outage, where the largest work packages, in addition to refuelling, 
include for example the replacement of the pump and piping for the shutdown cooling system, the renewal 
of electrical feedthrough modules in the containment, the modification of the feedwater system's 
recirculation line, a leak-tightness test in the containment as well as the inspection and vacuum cleaning of 
the reactor tank bottom. 
Olkiluoto 3 EPR 
In 2005, the Finnish Government granted a construction license for the OL3 EPR nuclear power plant unit 
(OL3 EPR) to be constructed at the Olkiluoto site. OL3 EPR is currently under nuclear commissioning 
phase by the Supplier. The companies Areva NP, Areva GmbH and Siemens AG constituting the Supplier 
are jointly and severally liable for the turnkey delivery of OL3 EPR.  
The OL3 EPR will comprise a European Pressurised Water Reactor which, when operational, will have an 
installed capacity of approximately 1,600 MW and will be more efficient than the existing nuclear power 
plant units at Olkiluoto as it will produce less radioactive waste per MWh of electricity produced, with the 
planned operating life being at least 60 years. However, no assurance can be given about the actual 
operating life of a nuclear power plant. 
According to the re-baseline schedule updated by the Supplier in August 2020, the OL3 EPR is scheduled 
to be connected to the grid in October 2021, and regular electricity production is expected to start in 
February 2022. In August 2020 TVO issued an urgent market message (UMM) required by law to the Nord 
Pool informing the electricity market on the dates when OL3 EPR is to be connected to the grid and regular 
electricity production is to start. Furthermore, since April 2021 TVO publishes OL3 EPR's power output 
on its website www.tvo.fi/ol3forecast. Publishing the power output will continue on the website until the 
start of OL3 EPR's regular electricity production.

--- Page 92 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 86- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
According to the Plant Contract, the Supplier is responsible for the design, engineering, equipment 
procurement, equipment manufacture, construction, erection, testing, commissioning, licensing, initial fuel 
supply and remedying of defects, as well as project management and schedule of OL3 EPR on a turnkey 
basis. Due to the Supplier's turnkey responsibility, TVO is only responsible for a limited scope of work 
under the Plant Contract. The Plant Contract includes contractual securities for TVO, including a contract 
performance bond, a guarantee period bond and liquidated damages for delays, plant performance and plant 
availability. 
In March 2018, Areva NP, Areva GmbH, the Areva Group parent company Areva SA, Siemens AG and 
TVO signed a global settlement agreement and certain ancillary agreements (the "GSA"). In addition to 
settling all on-going legal actions related to the OL3 EPR project, the GSA aims to secure the provision of 
adequate and competent technical and human resources as well as funds for completion and start-up of the 
OL3 EPR until the end of the applicable guarantee periods.  
Following delays in the OL3 EPR project beyond the schedule agreed in the GSA, TVO has negotiated 
with Areva NP, Areva GmbH, the Areva group parent company Areva SA and Siemens AG on the terms 
of the OL3 EPR project completion. A consensus between the parties on the amendment to GSA was 
reached in May 2021 and Areva NP, Areva GmbH, Areva SA, Siemens AG and TVO signed on 2 June 
2021 the amendment to GSA and amendments to the ancillary agreements concerning the completion of 
the OL3 EPR project. The amendment to the GSA shall enter into force after certain conditions defined 
thereunder have been fulfilled.  
The GSA as amended in June 2021 stipulates as follows: 
• 
The turnkey principle of the Plant Contract and the joint and several liability of the Supplier 
consortium companies remain in full force. 
• 
In order to provide and maintain adequate and competent technical and human resources for the 
OL3 EPR project completion, Areva will continue to source needed additional resources from 
Framatome, whose majority owner is EDF.  
• 
The Areva companies' trust mechanism, established in GSA remains and is to be further 
replenished by Areva with approximately EUR 600 million as of the beginning of January 2021. 
• 
As the Supplier is expected not to complete the OL3 EPR project by the end of June 2021, TVO is 
entitled to receive the maximum penalty compensation of EUR 400 million under the GSA. The 
penalty amount is to be paid in two instalments: approximately EUR 200 million in connection 
with the execution of the GSA amendment and the remaining approximately EUR 200 million 
when OL3 EPR regular electricity production is to start or by end of September 2022 at the latest.  
In addition, the parties have agreed in the GSA amendment on an additional delay compensation 
to TVO. In the event that the Supplier would not complete the OL3 EPR project by the end of 
February 2022, the Supplier shall pay to TVO an additional delay compensation until 30 September 
2022. The amount of the additional compensation depends on the actual completion date of the 
project and in any case is limited to a maximum of EUR 56.7 million. The parties are to cover their 
own costs for the period between July 2021 and 28 February 2022.  
Pursuant to the terms of the GSA and its amendment, in the event that the Supplier fails to complete the 
OL3 EPR project by 30 September 2022, TVO has under certain conditions any time thereafter a right to 
terminate the Plant Contract upon notice. The Supplier's duty to complete the OL3 EPR project as set out 
in the Plant Contract continues until the completion date has been occurred or TVO at its own discretion 
has exercised its termination right under the GSA. 
Based on the current OL3 EPR project schedule provided by the Supplier, capital expenditure assumptions 
discussed in "-Key operative and financial targets" below and the effect of the GSA, the total investment 
in the OL3 EPR is estimated to be approximately EUR 5.7 billion.  
Construction works for the OL3 EPR unit have been completed. The installation of the electrical systems, 
the instrumentation and control system ("I&C"), and mechanical systems have been completed. Simulator 
training for the operating personnel commenced in February 2017. The operating personnel was granted 
operator licenses by STUK at the end of 2018. Hot functional tests were completed in May 2018. During

--- Page 93 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 87- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
the hot functional tests, it was noticed that the pressurizer surge line vibrates. In May 2019, STUK approved 
the solution to eliminate the vibration and the absorbers have been installed. STUK  approved the structures 
of the absorbers before nuclear fuel was loaded into the reactor. Further technical issues, I&C cable damage, 
issues in emergency diesel generators and cracks in the pressurizer safety valves’ control valves, were 
discovered during the tests in 2020. These issues have been resolved and TVO was granted the fuel loading 
permit from STUK in March 2021. Hot functional tests will be repeated during the nuclear commissioning 
phase. These tests were started on 8 May. Hot functional tests are planned to last for approximately two 
months.   
Workforce at the site at 31 March 2021 was about 1,600 persons. Occupational safety at the site remained 
at a good level. In addition to the normal monitoring of deliveries and manufacture, several quality audits 
have been conducted (including by TVO and STUK) in order to inspect the activities of the Supplier and 
the Supplier's subcontractors. TVO continues to provide support for the Supplier to ensure the completion 
of the project as soon as possible, without compromising safety and quality requirements at the site. 
TVO submitted its application for the operating licence for the OL3 EPR nuclear power plant unit to the 
Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment (the "MEE") on 14 April 2016. On 25 February 2019, 
STUK gave its statement on the operating licence application of OL3 EPR plant unit. In its statement, 
STUK did not see any obstacles to grant the licence as applied until the end of 2038. Following STUK's 
statement, the Finnish Government granted the operating licence for OL3 EPR nuclear plant unit on 7 
March 2019.   
In April 2020, TVO submitted a permission application to the STUK for a nuclear fuel loading of the OL 
3 EPR nuclear power plant unit. The STUK granted the fuel loading permit for OL3 EPR plant unit on 26 
March 2021. The fuel loading was started on March 27, 2021 and completed April 1, 2021. The fuel loading 
means that OL3 EPR is now a nuclear power plant. STUK states in its permission decision that OL3 EPR 
fulfils the safety requirements set for it, and its' safety and emergency preparedness arrangements and 
measures are sufficient to load fuel into the reactor. STUK also states that the necessary surveillance for 
the prevention of the spread of nuclear weapons is organized appropriately, and that the licencee's liability 
for a nuclear incident is organized as stipulated. During Q4 of 2020, TVO drew a total of EUR 250 million 
shareholder loans from the existing shareholder loan commitments for the OL3 EPR project. As at 31 March 
2021, the total amount of shareholder loans outstanding was EUR 929 million. In December 2020, the 
shareholder loan commitments were increased with an additional commitment of EUR 400 million. At the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the commitment of EUR 400 million is undrawn.  
However, as the OL3 EPR project is still on-going, no assurance can be given that the parties will meet 
their respective obligations under the Plant Contract and the GSA or that further delays would materialize 
prior to completion of the OL3 EPR project. For further information, see "Risk Factors – Factors that may 
affect TVO's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme – Risks related to 
nuclear operations – Risks related to the Olkiluoto 3 EPR project – Risks related to major adverse events 
that could disrupt TVO's power production or otherwise have a material adverse effect on TVO's business 
or financial position". 
Operating Licences 
An operating licence for a nuclear power plant is granted for a fixed period in accordance with section 20 
of the Nuclear Energy Act. On 20 September 2018, the Finnish Government granted TVO an operating 
licence under section 20 of the Nuclear Energy Act for the nuclear power plant units OL1 and OL2. The 
licence decision also allows TVO to use the current interim storage facilities for spent nuclear fuel located 
at TVO's Olkiluoto site for the interim storage of nuclear waste generated in the operation of the OL1 and 
OL2 units until 31 December 2038. The operating license for OL1 and OL2 units is valid until 31 December 
2038. The new licence replaced TVO's previous operating licence for OL1 and OL2 units granted on 20 
August 1998. Based on the licence decision, the licence is immediately enforceable regardless of appeals 
in accordance with section 31 of the Finnish Administrative Judicial Procedure Act (586/1996, as 
amended).  
The licence decisions for OL1 and OL2 as well as OL3 EPR were based particularly on the statement and 
safety assessment of the Finnish Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority ("STUK"). In its safety 
assessment, STUK concluded that the operations at OL1 and OL2 as well as OL3 EPR are safe and meet 
the relevant legislative requirements. Both the operating licences for OL1 and OL2 as well as OL3 EPR 
include licence conditions relating to the possession, production, processing and storage of nuclear material,

--- Page 94 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 88- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
and nuclear waste management. The licence conditions also include an obligation for TVO to carry out a 
periodic safety assessment of the OL1 and OL2 units as well as OL3 EPR unit by 31 December 2028. The 
operating licences do not cover the operation of the final disposal facilities, but they are considered separate 
nuclear facilities and need their own licence.  
Fuel Procurement 
Procurement of nuclear fuel involves the following three main elements: the purchase of raw uranium, 
uranium enrichment services, and nuclear fuel manufacture. TVO itself is not involved in the uranium 
acquisition, enrichment or manufacture processes and only receives the final product which has been 
sufficiently enriched to be used as a fuel, but has not been enriched further. TVO maintains relationships 
with a number of suppliers in each field which results in reliable and cost-efficient fuel sourcing, diversified 
supply sources and competitive pricing. Most of the above services are being procured under long-term 
contracts. 
Nuclear Waste Management - Disposal 
According to the Nuclear Energy Act, each nuclear operator is fully responsible for the costs of waste 
management and the final cost of decommissioning. Estimates of these future costs are assessed annually 
and reviewed by the MEE. TVO bears full legal and financial responsibility for the management and 
disposal of nuclear waste produced by the Olkiluoto nuclear power plant units. 
After removal from the reactor, spent nuclear fuel is placed in pools within the reactor halls to cool for a 
few years. Thereafter the spent fuel is packed in a strong transfer container filled with water. This container 
is transported on a purpose-built vehicle to the on-site interim storage facility where the spent fuel will stay 
40 years in storage pools before being transferred to the final repository. The expansion construction work 
of the interim storage facility to double the storage capacity which began in the summer of 2010 has been 
completed.  
TVO currently operates permanent final repositories for low-level and intermediate-level radioactive waste 
at the Olkiluoto site. Low-level waste is miscellaneous waste contaminated with radioactive material 
(including flame-retardant fabrics, plastics, protective clothing, tools and machine parts and pipes removed 
from the power plant). Intermediate-level waste consists of the ion-exchange resins used to purify the water 
used in the nuclear power production processes. 
In order to reduce the risk of nuclear irradiation, multi-layered containment systems and sophisticated safety 
protocols are used to isolate radioactive materials from the surrounding environment during the process of 
interim storage, packaging, transport, relocation and encasement of nuclear waste in the final disposal 
repositories. The operating waste is packed into steel drums. Soft low-level waste is packed into 200 litre 
drums, which are then compacted to about half their original size and packed into concrete boxes. Low-
level scrap metal waste is cut up or crushed and packed directly into the concrete boxes. The ion-exchange 
resins are dried and solidified with bitumen, and then cast into 200-litre drums. These drums are also packed 
into concrete boxes. 
The repository for low and medium level waste "VLJ repository" is on the Olkiluoto site. Packed into 
concrete boxes, the waste is transported by a radiation-shielded vehicle into the repository, where it is 
transferred to low and medium level silos excavated into the bedrock at a depth of 60 to 100 metres. There 
is also a separate space in the VLJ repository for storing the small quantities of radioactive waste that are 
generated as a result of scientific research and health care in Finland. The VLJ repository will also house 
irradiated equipment and construction material when the respective nuclear facilities are decommissioned. 
In November 2012, the government granted TVO a licence amendment for the final disposal of low and 
medium level nuclear waste from OL3 EPR in the VLJ repository. The expansion of the VLJ repository is 
estimated to take place in the 2030s, when there will be no more room left in the existing final disposal 
silos. 
TVO and Fortum Power and Heat Oy own a company, Posiva Oy, which will dispose of high-level nuclear 
waste from the Olkiluoto nuclear power plants (OL1, OL2 and OL3 EPR) owned by TVO and the Loviisa 
nuclear power plants (Loviisa 1 and Loviisa 2) owned by Fortum Power and Heat Oy (the high-level waste 
will be stored for approximately 40 years in interim storage facilities on site at the respective nuclear power 
plants). Posiva Oy will dispose of the nuclear waste at a purpose-built nuclear waste repository. TVO's 
operations (OL1, OL2 and OL3 EPR) will account for approximately 74 per cent. of the waste deposited at

--- Page 95 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 89- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
the site, and TVO will contribute the same proportion of the costs. The spent nuclear fuel will be packed 
into copper/cast iron canisters and stored approximately 420 meters below ground.  
Posiva Oy submitted an application to the Finnish Government regarding the construction licence for the 
final disposal repository for spent nuclear fuel in December 2012 (although the application was 
supplemented by additional clarifications). In its statement submitted to the MEE in February 2015, STUK 
noted that the encapsulation plant and final disposal facility designed by Posiva Oy could safely be 
constructed as a repository for spent nuclear fuel. STUK's safety assessment is required for the decision on 
the construction licence that MEE will propose to the Finnish Government. The Finnish Government 
granted a construction licence for Posiva Oy's final disposal repository and encapsulation plant in 
November 2015. After STUK issued a decision in November 2016 confirming that Posiva was in a position 
to initiate the works under the construction licence, Posiva began the construction of the final disposal 
facility for spent nuclear fuel. Construction work of the encapsulation plant and the final disposal facility 
which are designed for spent fuel handling are ongoing.  The project covers the full completion of the 
encapsulation facility, supplementary excavation works of the final disposal facility, installation of the 
systems needed to start the final disposal, the operating license process and preparation of supply chains 
needed in the production phase. 
Excavation of the vehicle access tunnels leading to the final disposal facility, technical rooms and 
excavation of the central tunnel for the integrated systems test were completed in 2018. The full-scale in-
situ system test ("FISST") commenced in the final disposal repository at the end of June 2018 and the 
backfilling has been completed. The aim of the FISST is to demonstrate that the safe final disposal concept 
can be implemented as designed by Posiva. The test will be monitored for several years. The final disposal 
project has advanced to the building phase of the encapsulation plant and the underground final disposal 
repository designed for the final disposal of spent nuclear fuel. Furthermore, excavation of the first final 
deposition tunnels at the waste facility was started in May 2021. 
Nuclear Waste Management – Funding 
In Finland, the future costs of the final disposal of spent fuel, the management of low and intermediate-
level radioactive waste and nuclear power plant decommissioning are provided for by a state established 
fund (the Finnish State Nuclear Waste Management Fund) (the "Fund") to which nuclear power plant 
operators make annual contributions. MEE calculates annually TVO's total liability for nuclear waste 
management and the contribution TVO must make to the Fund based on the actual total cost of containing 
the nuclear waste over time. 
As at 31 March 2021, TVO's legal liability for nuclear waste management according to the Nuclear Energy 
Act was EUR 1,755.7 million (compared with EUR 1,471,4 million in 31 March 2020) and TVO's funding 
target obligation for 2021 to the Fund was EUR 1,450.6 million (compared with EUR 1,471.4 million for 
2020). As at 31 March 2021, TVO's share in the Fund was EUR 1,450.6 million. The difference between 
TVO's legal liability calculated according to the Nuclear Energy Act and TVO's funding target obligation 
is covered by collateral securities. The liabilities in the consolidated financial statements show a provision 
related to nuclear waste management liability of EUR 1,025.4 million at 31 March 2021 (compared with 
EUR 1,038.0 million in 31 March 2020), calculated according to IFRS. A corresponding amount, under 
assets, represents TVO's share in the Fund. TVO utilises the right to borrow funds back from the Fund in 
accordance with the law. At 31 March 2021, the amount of the loan was EUR 711.3 million. The loan has 
been relent to TVO's A series shareholders. 
According to the Nuclear Energy Act, TVO supplied, prior to the commencement of the waste generating 
OL3 EPR operation, the Finnish State with collateral securities/funds to cover its waste management 
obligation in relation to the OL3 EPR. Collateral securities corresponding to OL3 nuclear waste 
management liability of approximately EUR 400 million were provided by TVO's shareholders in February 
2021.   
Although TVO's contributions to the Fund are calculated to cover estimated future costs of the final disposal 
of spent fuel; the management of low and medium level radioactive waste; and plant decommissioning (and 
includes a safety margin in respect of such estimated future costs), the possibility exists that actual costs 
could exceed the provisions of the Fund. If this were to occur, TVO would be responsible for its proportion 
of any such excess costs.

--- Page 96 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 90- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Nuclear Liability - Current and Temporary Regime 
Under the Finnish Nuclear Liability Act (Ydinvastuulaki, 484/1972) and its temporary amendment (Laki 
ydinvastuulain väliaikaisesta muuttamisesta, 581/2011)5 (the "FNLA"), TVO has strict third-party liability 
in relation to nuclear accidents. According to the temporary amendment, the liability of the plant operator 
is unlimited for nuclear damage suffered in Finland caused by a single nuclear incident but limited to a 
maximum amount of 600 million Special Drawing Rights (corresponding to approximately EUR 740 
million6) for nuclear damage suffered outside of Finland. TVO is obliged under statute to have private 
insurance to cover up to this amount. TVO maintains insurance in compliance with its statutory obligations, 
in addition to which TVO maintains separate insurance to cover its operations. TVO's liability is insured 
up to 600 million Special Drawing Rights for each nuclear incident that may occur during each insurance 
period. In addition, TVO maintains insurance to cover any non-nuclear damage of up to EUR 420,500 
under the corresponding legislation. 
Nuclear Liability - New Regime 
The provisions of the FNLA are mainly based on the international Paris and Brussels conventions. The 
parties to those conventions agreed to modify the conventions in February 2004. In Finland, the amendment 
of the FNLA to incorporate such modifications to the Paris and Brussels conventions was approved by 
Parliament in 2005; however, this has not yet been implemented into domestic legislation in its entirety, as 
the revised Paris and Brussels conventions will only come into force when two thirds of the undersigned 
countries have ratified the amendments. The readiness for the ratification of the revised Paris and Brussels 
conventions was achieved internationally in 2020, but it cannot be said with certainty, yet, when the 
amendments will come into force. However, some of the approved modifications entered into force in 
Finland in 2012 by the temporary amendment, when the Finnish Parliament temporarily amended new 
provisions of the FNLArelating to: the plant operator's unlimited liability for nuclear damage suffered in 
Finland; its insurance obligation of up to 600 million Special Drawing Rights; and a new maximum limited 
amount of the liability of the plant operator for nuclear damage suffered outside of Finland. 
The agreed modifications to the conventions will not increase the insurance obligation on TVO as it already 
exists under the temporary regime. As the new regime approved by the Parliament in 2005 currently stands,, 
the liability of the Finnish Government would increase and it would compensate for any damages exceeding 
EUR 700 million and up to a limit of EUR 1,200 million (i.e. a maximum liability to the Finnish 
Government of EUR 500 million). Thereafter, the compensation community (composed of the countries 
which are party to the Paris and Brussels conventions) will be liable for further damages of up to EUR 300 
million for any nuclear incident, so that the total maximum amount of compensation would be EUR 1,500 
million. 
Further, under the currently existing new regime, there will be no limit on the liability of a nuclear power 
operator for damage that has occurred within Finland. Therefore, TVO will be liable for the cost of any 
damage up to EUR 700 million (up to which amount it will be required by statute to be insured) for any 
damage occurring either inside or outside of Finland. For damage occurring outside of Finland, TVO's 
liability will be capped at this amount, however, as there is no limit on liability for damage occurring inside 
Finland, TVO will be liable for the cost of any such damage where the cost exceeds EUR 1,500 million 
(TVO will not be required by statute to be insured for such amounts). 
The MEE is currently preparing further amendments to the FNLA resulting in changes in the above 
described new regime. In respect of nuclear power plants used for the generation of nuclear energy, the 
plant operator would assume the liability that would be borne by the Finnish Government according to the 
new regime i.e. where the plant operator's liability would be EUR 700 million according to the above 
described new regime, it would be increased to EUR 1,200 million by the amendments. Therefore, the plant 
operator's insurance obligation would be increased from EUR 700 million to EUR 1,200 million resulting 
in increased insurance cost. However, if amendment enters into force, increased insurance cost is not 
 
5 The temporary amendment to the Nuclear Liability Act entered into force on 1 January 2012 and will remain in force until the date 
on which the Act amending the Nuclear Liability Act (493/2005) enters into force either in its entirety or with exceptions. 
6 The currency value of the Special Drawing Rights is determined by summing the values in U.S. dollars, based on market exchange 
rates, of a basket of major currencies (the U.S. dollar, euro, Japanese yen, pound sterling and the Chinese renminbi). The Special 
Drawing Rights currency value is calculated daily and the valuation basket is reviewed and adjusted every five years. The exchange 
rate on 1 April 2021 was 1 SDR = 1.206 euros.

--- Page 97 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 91- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
expected to be material. The plant operator's unlimited liability for nuclear damage occurring inside Finland 
would not be affected. The government proposal on the issue is set to be presented to the Finnish Parliament 
in spring 2021 and enter into force as of the beginning of 2022.  
Safety and Environmental Issues 
Finland is a member of the International Atomic Energy Agency ("IAEA") and TVO is a member of the 
World Association of Nuclear Operators ("WANO"). Like other members of WANO, TVO submits its 
nuclear power plant units to periodic peer review. The last such review was conducted in 2016 and a follow-
up review was conducted in December 2019. 
In 1991, the IAEA and the Nuclear Energy Agency of the OECD introduced the following seven-grade 
international nuclear events scale ("INES"), an internationally recognised standard used to inform the 
public of the safety significance of a nuclear event: 
Level 
Description 
Criteria 
0 
Below scale 
No safety significance. 
1 
Anomaly 
Variation from permitted procedures. 
2 
Incident 
Incident with potential safety consequences on site 
but with sufficient safety defences remaining. 
Insignificant release of radiation off site. 
3 
Serious incident 
Very small release of radioactivity. Radiation 
exposure off site a fraction of the prescribed limits. 
Local protective measures unlikely. Possible acute 
health effects to worker. 
4 
Accident without significant off-site 
risks 
Minor release of radioactivity. Radiation exposure off 
site of the order of prescribed limits. Local protective 
measures unlikely except for some food monitoring 
and control. Significant plant damage. Fatal exposure 
of a worker. 
5 
Accident with off-site risks 
Release of radioactivity. Severe plant damage. Partial 
implementation of local countermeasures. 
6 
Serious accident 
Significant 
release 
of 
radioactivity. 
Full 
implementation of local countermeasures. 
7 
Major accident 
Major release of radioactivity. Acute health and long 
term environmental effects. 
In Finland, the final classification of nuclear incidents is carried out by STUK. The INES classification of 
incidents at Olkiluoto this decade has been as shown in the following table. The INES 1 events have 
included incidents such as a reactor scram, which started from a disruption from external electrical network. 
Incidents at TVO as classified according to INES 
INES 
Classification 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015  
2016  
2017  
2018 
2019 
2020  
2021 
(to 
date) 
7 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
6 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
5 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
4 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
3 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
_ 
- 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
2 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_

--- Page 98 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 92- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
INES 
Classification 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015  
2016  
2017  
2018 
2019 
2020  
2021 
(to 
date) 
1 
3 
– 
2 
5 
3 
2 
1 
1 
_ 
1 
1 
_ 
_ 
1 
_ 
1 
_ 
0 
3 
4 
5 
5 
2 
– 
2 
4 
5 
2 
4 
2 
7 
9 
7 
9 
_ 
TVO's radioactive emissions into the air are well within officially permitted limits. The activation and 
fission products discharged into seawater at Olkiluoto are substantially less than the maximum permitted 
values and tritium emissions are also substantially less than the officially set maximum levels. 
TVO carries insurance cover of up to EUR 810 million for damage incurred as a result of sabotage or 
terrorist activity. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, TVO has never experienced a security incident. 
TVO's operations are in accordance with TVO's environmental policy and all applicable environmental 
permits (see "Regulation" below), and environmental management system. TVO's environmental 
management system, which also covers the construction phase of OL3 EPR complies with the international 
ISO 14001:2004 standard and is EMAS registered. 
TVO has covered its environmental responsibility in a separate report since 1996, and its corporate social 
responsibility including financial, environmental, and social responsibility, since 2001. The information 
describing TVO's environmental responsibility is based on reporting abiding by the EMAS Regulation (EY) 
No 1221/2009 as well as Commission Regulation (EU) 2017/1505. TVO's report for 2020, which provides 
more detailed information on the environment issues and indicators, was released in March 2021 on TVO's 
website (www.tvo.fi). TVO's Responsibility Report 2020 can also be found on the above-mentioned 
website. 
Developments after the Fukushima Incident 
In March 2011, a strong earthquake struck Japan and a tsunami which followed the earthquake, caused a 
severe nuclear accident at Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant, located on the eastern coast of Japan. 
Due to the accident in Japan, checks on safety measures were initiated in Europe.  
The European Commission initiated actions to analyse the risk and safety level of all nuclear power plants 
within the EU. The report released in April 2012 by the European Commission stated that the safety in the 
nuclear power plants in European Union is at a good level. According to the report, however, national 
measures are needed especially for preparing for the consequences of extreme conditions. The national 
action plans are being drawn up and part of the measures are already under implementation. In Finland, 
STUK started in 2011, at the request of the MEE, an assessment on how nuclear power plants in Finland 
have prepared for the impact that floods and other extreme conditions may have on the functioning of the 
facilities. According to the final report given by STUK in 2012, the safety of Finnish nuclear power plants, 
including provisions for severe accidents, earthquakes and extreme weather conditions, has been improved 
systematically since the plants were commissioned. STUK, however, raised some new questions and 
suggestions for improvements. Such improvements are currently being implemented for OL1 and OL2 and 
include, reducing the dependence of cooling needed in emergency situations on the electrical systems. In 
May 2013, TVO signed an agreement for the delivery of emergency diesel generators and associated 
auxiliary systems that are designed to reduce such dependence. The replacement project of the emergency 
diesel generators is the largest individual plant modification project ever undertaken in Olkiluoto. The total 
investment of the replacement project is estimated to be more than EUR 100 million. The project is 
estimated to continue until 2025. STUK updated its original 2012 Finnish National Action Plan in 
December 2014. In its report STUK addressed the measures initiated and implemented to that date on the 
national level and at the nuclear power plants as a result of the Fukushima Dai-ichi accident. 
As a result of the European Commission's review, certain legislative amendments have been made which 
aim to strengthen the powers and independence of national safety authorities and introduce EU-wide safety 
objectives. See "Risk Factors - Factors that may affect TVO's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme - Risks related to nuclear operations - Regulation of nuclear power plants". 
TVO's management is currently not aware of any deficiencies in the safety measures in the Olkiluoto 
nuclear power plant units. However, the operation of nuclear power plant units requires compliance with a 
number of regulations including, but not limited to, regulations concerning safety, technical specifications 
and the transport and storage of nuclear material. A failure by TVO to comply with applicable regulations

--- Page 99 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 93- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
or any new regulations that may be introduced could result in interruption of its operations and have a 
material adverse impact on its business and financial position. In addition, no assurance can be given that 
any new legislation would not adversely affect TVO's business and financial position due to significant 
new investments required, or otherwise. 
Coal Power 
TVO had a 45 percent holding in the Meri-Pori coal-fired power plant owned and operated by Fortum 
Power and Heat Oy. Fortum acquired the capacity for its use in the beginning of 2019. TVO renounced its 
share of Meri-Pori’s capacity in the beginning of July 2020. Subsequently, TVO's C series shares, which 
entitled to electricity generated at Meri-Pori, were nullified.  
TVO's share of the amount of electricity produced between 1 January - 30 June 2020 at the Meri-Pori coal-
fired power plant was 82.4 GWh (compared to 181.7 GWh between 1 January - 31 December 2019). In 
order to produce TVO's share, 30.7 thousand tonnes of coal was used in 2020 (compared to 65.9 thousand 
tonnes in 2019) and 72.6 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions rights were used in 2020 (compared 
to 160.2 thousand tonnes in 2019).   
In 2020, TVO acquired emission rights worth EUR 3.7 million (compared to EUR 10.1 million in 2019). 
As of July 2020, the Issuer does not own coal-producing assets. 
Gas Power 
TVO owns a 50 per cent. share of the gas turbine power unit at the Olkiluoto plant, which has an installed 
capacity of 100 MW. The gas unit is a reserve unit and is not currently in operation other than for the 
purpose of periodic testing. 
Personnel 
As at 31 December 2020, the total number of personnel in the TVO Group was 975 (compared with 942 at 
the end of 2019), and the average during the year was 984 (the average in 2019 was 943). 
TVO recruited 77 employees in 2020 (compared with 129 in 2019).  
The collective agreements for different groups of personnel in the energy industry are in force in accordance 
with the so called framework agreement of labor confederations until the beginning of 2022. 100 percent 
of TVO employees are working under collective agreement. 
Operating Environment 
Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark and the Baltic States together comprise a single electricity market, 
with the price of electricity established by free trading on the electricity exchange, Nord Pool. Nord Pool 
quotes the day-ahead market price for each hour of a given day, which is calculated on the basis of purchase 
and sale bids. During 2020, a total of 995 TWh of power was traded (494 TWh).  
Finland has the highest per capita electricity consumption in the EU owing to its energy-intensive industries 
(steel, manufacturing, pulp and paper) as well as the additional energy expenditures required generally in a 
cold climate. Demand from industrial users of electricity contributed 46 per cent. to the total electricity 
consumption in 2020. 
Aggregate Finnish electricity consumption was 81.0 TWh in 2020. Combined electricity and heat 
generation accounted for approximately 22 per cent., nuclear power for approximately 28 per cent., hydro 
power for approximately 19 per cent. and coal-fired and other condensation power for approximately 34 
per cent. of the electricity used. Net imports of electricity accounted for 19 per cent. of electricity used. 
Wind power accounted for approximately 10 per cent. of electricity used. 
In May 2018, the European Commission proposed a legislative package to facilitate sustainable investment. 
The EU continues working on the sustainable investment package. Nuclear power is not excluded from the 
taxonomy, but more extensive work needs to be done, especially concerning the long-term environmental 
impact of nuclear waste, before it can be included. The Commission’s Joint Research Center (JRC) 
completed its report on the taxonomy eligibility of nuclear power in March 2021. According to a release 
published by Finnish Energy (ET), the results of the JRC's report indicate that responsibly produced nuclear

--- Page 100 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 94- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
power should be included in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. It continues to state that the report 
confirms the emissions of nuclear power to be comparable to those of hydro and wind power. The JRC’s 
report will be reviewed by expert groups established under the Euratom Treaty and the Commission. The 
final decision on the taxonomy eligibility of nuclear power is expected to be taken by the Commission at 
the end of 2021. 
The European Commission published a strategic long-term vision for a climate-neutral economy by 2050 
in November 2018. The European Commission recognises that nuclear energy will form a backbone of 
EU's future electricity system, together with renewable energy sources. Furthermore, the Commission 
presented the European Green Deal in December 2019. The Commission proposed a European Climate 
Law in March 2020 and is currently preparing a plan for a revised 2030 emission reduction target. 
The European Council decided to support the proposal to tighten the EU´s climate target. To achieve carbon 
neutrality in 2050, the European Council endorsed the binding target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions 
by at least 55 percent by 2030 (compared to 1990 levels). In addition, the Council acknowledged the right 
of the Member States to decide on their energy mix and to choose the most appropriate technologies. 
Finnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin's government programme (2019-2023) states that the Government 
works to ensure Finland is carbon neutral by 2035 and carbon negative soon after that. The Government is 
also committed to reform policies of the EU and Finland to limit the global mean temperature increase to 
1.5 degrees Celsius.  
Regulatory Environment 
The use of nuclear energy is subject to licensing. Applications are made to the Finnish Government for 
decisions in-principle, construction licences and operating licences. STUK is responsible for monitoring 
the safe use of nuclear energy and it is also responsible for monitoring safety and emergency arrangements 
and nuclear material in Finland. TVO's environmental system complies with the international ISO 
14001:2015 standard. TVO has the licences relevant to its business, such as but not limited to operating 
licences for OL1 and OL2 as well as operating licence and construction licence for OL3 EPR as well as the 
necessary environmental and water permits. There is no reason to believe that any of these licences will be 
revoked.  
A fundamental principle behind the Finnish legislation on nuclear energy is that its use must be for the 
overall good of the society as a whole. The main rules on the use of nuclear energy, monitoring of that use 
and nuclear safety, are contained in the Nuclear Energy Act and the Nuclear Energy Decree 161/1988, as 
well as lower level statutes and regulations enacted pursuant to them, such as the general safety regulations 
issued by STUK. The general safety regulations relating to the use of nuclear energy issued by STUK 
entered into force on 1 January 2016. Some of them were replaced by new ones as of 15 December, 2018 
and further in 2020. The general safety regulations of STUK include Regulation on the Safety of a Nuclear 
Power Plant (Säteilyturvakeskuksen määräys ydinvoimalaitoksen turvallisuudesta, STUK Y/1/2018), 
Regulation on the Emergency Arrangements of a Nuclear Power Plant (Säteilyturvakeskuksen määräys 
ydinvoimalaitoksen valmiusjärjestelyistä, STUK Y/2/2018), Regulation on the Security in the Use of 
Nuclear Energy (Säteilyturvakeskuksen määräys ydinenergian käytön turvajärjestelyistä, STUK 
Y/3/2020), Regulation on the Safety of Disposal of Nuclear Waste (Säteilyturvakeskuksen määräys 
ydinjätteiden loppusijoituksen turvallisuudesta, STUK Y/4/2018) and Regulation on the Safety of Mining 
and Milling Operations Aimed at Producing Uranium or Thorium (Säteilyturvakeskuksen määräys uraanin 
tai toriumin tuottamiseksi harjoitettavan kaivostoiminnan ja malminrikastustoiminnan turvallisuudesta, 
STUK Y/5/2016). In addition, the Finnish Nuclear Liability Act (484/1972) and its temporary amendment 
(581/2011)7 regulate the liability of an operator in charge of a nuclear plant in the event of a nuclear 
accident. No such changes in the regulatory framework are foreseeable that would significantly affect the 
operation of TVO. 
On 21 December 2020, amendments to the Nuclear Energy Act relating to the security arrangements in the 
use of nuclear energy entered into force. The amendments stem mainly from the need to address new 
security threats and to regulate certain issues more precicely from the civil rights point of view. 
 
7 The temporary amendment to the Nuclear Liability Act entered into force on 1 January 2012 and it shall remain in force until the 
date on which the Act amending the Nuclear Liability Act (493/2005) enters into force either in its entirety or with exceptions.

--- Page 101 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 95- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
On 15 December 2018, amendments to the Nuclear Energy Act relating to radiation safety entered into 
force. The new provisions include an obligation for a licence holder to establish dose constraints for the 
employees at a nuclear power plant and provide the respective information to STUK, an exemption from 
administrative supervision for nuclear waste (other than nuclear fuel) if its radioactivity is below set 
threshold values and a prohibition on diluting nuclear waste for the purposes of avoiding the statutory 
obligations. 
On 1 January 2018, a legislative amendment to the Nuclear Energy Act entered into force introducing, 
among others, a new requirement for a license for the decommissioning of nuclear facilities that is granted 
by the Finnish Government. The new legislation also transposed the amended nuclear safety directive 
2009/71/Euratom into national law. Licensee's responsibility to ensure the compliance of products and 
services produced by suppliers and subcontractors that are significant from the viewpoint of nuclear safety 
of the facility was also included in the regulations. It is considered that the new legislation would not 
significantly affect the operation of TVO. 
The previous amendments to the Nuclear Energy Act came into force on 16 May 2017 in respect of the 
handling of license applications in relation to nuclear installations. The amendments came into force due to 
the entry into force of the new Act on Environmental Impact Assessment Procedure (Laki 
ympäristövaikutusten arviointimenettelystä, 5252/2017), implementing the Directive 2014/52/EU. It is 
considered that the legislation will not significantly affect the operation of TVO. The changes in the Nuclear 
Energy Act that took effect on 1 January 2016 increased the nuclear safety research fee collected from the 
operators of nuclear facilities and waste management fee collected from those liable for waste management 
with different fee levels for fixed periods of 2016–2020 and 2021–2025. For TVO this means an increase 
in fees by an additional EUR 4 million per year during the period of 2016– 2020.  
Additional regulations pertaining to the exploitation of nuclear energy are set out in the Finnish Radiation 
Act (Säteilylaki, 859/2018) which entered into force on 15 December 2018 as well as lower level statutes 
enacted pursuant to the Radiation Act. The new Radiation Act, among others, transposed the European 
Union Directive 2013/59/EURATOM of the European Council of 5 December 2013 into national law in 
Finland. 
TVO maintains insurance for nuclear liability in accordance with requirements of Finnish laws and 
regulations that are based on the international conventions on nuclear liability to which Finland is a party. 
As a result of the European Commission's review of safety measures in the nuclear industry, certain 
legislative amendments have been made which aim to strengthen the powers and independence of national 
safety authorities and introduce EU-wide safety objectives. See "Risk Factors – Factors that may affect 
TVO's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme – Risks related to nuclear 
operations – Regulation of nuclear power plants". Changes to the European legislative landscape have 
precipitated changes at a domestic level. 
STUK has issued updated regulatory guides on nuclear safety ("YVL Guides") that came into force at 
2013, and which are subject to on-going evaluation and revisions. Most of the current versions of the YVL 
Guides have been issued by STUK during the years 2019 - 2020.  The YVL Guides are applied as they 
stand to all new nuclear power plant units. The implementation of the YVL Guides and their revisions to 
existing nuclear power plant units, such as OL1 and OL2, and to nuclear power plant units under 
construction, such as OL3 EPR, is subject to a separate STUK decision.  
Key Operative and Financial Targets 
In connection with its strategic planning, TVO has defined the following long-term operative and financial 
targets.  
TVO's annual net electricity production levels at the OL1 and OL2 nuclear power plant units combined 
have varied between 13,385 GWh and 14,729 GWh during the period from 2016 to 2020 (total annual 
production capacity factors being between 93.7 per cent. and 93.3 per cent.). Based on historical levels of 
production, TVO's long-term target is to produce annually approximately 14,000 GWh to 14,700 GWh of 
electricity at the OL1 and OL2 units combined (with intended production capacity factor between 90 and 
95 per cent.). Once OL3 EPR nuclear power plant unit starts regular power production, TVO's aggregate 
annual production amount is expected to increase by an estimated 12,000 GWh to 13,000 GWh, to 26,000 
GWh to 27,700 GWh, in the long-term.

--- Page 102 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 96- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Annual investments during the period from 2016 to 2020 for OL1/OL2 units combined have varied between 
EUR 41 million and EUR 73 million. TVO's long-term target is to maintain an annual OL1/OL2 combined 
investment level of approximately EUR 50 million.   
As of 31 March 2021, capitalized investment related to the OL3 EPR unit was approximately EUR 5.0 
billion and the remaining OL3 EPR project milestone payments totalled approximately EUR 300 million. 
In addition to the milestone payments, annual investments during the period from 2016 to 2020 for the OL3 
EPR project have varied between EUR 108 million - EUR 249 million. This rate of annual investment is 
expected to remain at approximately the same level during the remaining lifetime of the OL3 EPR project, 
which is equivalent to around EUR 400 million between 31 March 2021 and the current OL3 EPR projected 
completion date, as detailed in the schedule provided by the Supplier and agreed in the GSA. In addition, 
based on the current schedule provided by the Supplier, TVO is expected to receive a penalty compensation 
of EUR 400 million as agreed in the GSA and GSA amendment. 
Based on the current OL3 EPR project schedule provided by the Supplier, capital expenditure assumptions 
discussed above and the effect of the GSA, the total investment in the OL3 EPR is estimated to be 
approximately EUR 5.7 billion. OL3 EPR total investment includes also nuclear fuel to be used during 
electricity production, the first core loading to the reactor and fuel/Uranium for the following reload 
batches, totaling approximately EUR 250 million, which will be part of current assets when OL3 starts 
commercial operation.  
OL3 EPR's annual investment level during its first five years of operation is expected to be less than EUR 
50 million.  
As of 31 March 2021, TVO had senior debt amounting to approximately EUR 4.3 billion, (excluding loan 
from the State Nuclear Waste Management Fund), cash and cash equivalents approximately EUR 
142million, and the average interest rate on TVO´s debt was 1.54 per cent. Based on the above investment 
level estimates, senior debt at or about when OL3 EPR is expected to start its commercial operation is 
estimated to be less than EUR 5.0 billion (excluding loan from the State Nuclear Waste Management Fund) 
and the amount of senior debt is expected to decrease between EUR 100 million and EUR 150 million 
annually over time, when OL3 EPR is in commercial operation.  
Based on the above production targets and the current operating and capital cost expectations, TVO's 
average long-term production cost target for OL1, OL2 and OL3 EPR combined is expected to be 
approximately 30€/MWh.  
This section includes forward-looking statements. Please see "Important Notices-Forward-looking 
statements" for more information. 
Governance of TVO 
General 
Under its Articles of Association, TVO delivers electricity to its shareholders at cost (the "Mankala 
Principle"), which means delivering the electricity produced or procured to its shareholders in proportion 
to their shareholdings in each series of shares. Each of the shareholders of each series bears their share of 
the variable and fixed annual costs as specified in the Articles of Association. The shareholders have 
concluded a mutual shareholders' agreement, which contains more detailed regulations on corporate 
governance. 
TVO observes on a voluntary basis the Corporate Governance Code for listed companies, issued by the 
Finnish Securities Market Association in 2015, where applicable8. However, TVO is not obliged to observe 
the Corporate Governance Code nor, therefore, the Comply or Explain principle. According to the 
Securities Markets Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 746/2012), the issuer of a security subject to public 
trading must provide a corporate governance statement in its annual report or separately. TVO publishes a 
separate Responsibility report on its website (www.tvo.fi), which is updated on a yearly basis. 
 
8 The Corporate Governance Code has been prepared in accordance with the so-called 'Comply or Explain' principle, which means 
that a company must comply with all recommendations of the code unless it accounts for a deviation from an individual 
recommendation and provides an explanation for it.  A listed company may depart from an individual recommendation, if it accounts 
for such a departure and provides an explanation for it. The Code is available at www.cgfinland.fi.

--- Page 103 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 97- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Shareholders' Meeting 
The Shareholders' Meeting is the highest decision-making body in TVO. It decides on matters falling within 
its sphere of competence under the Finnish Companies Act (Osakeyhtiölaki, 624/2006) and Articles of 
Association such as adoption of the financial statements, the use of the profit shown on the adopted balance 
sheet and discharging the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability. Pursuant to the 
Articles of Association, the Shareholders' Meeting also elects the Members of the Board, elects the Auditors 
and decides on the remuneration of the Members of the Board. 
The Annual General Meeting is held at the latest in May each year. The shareholders are invited to the 
Annual General Meeting no earlier than four weeks and no later than ten days before the meeting. 
The Annual General Meeting is attended by the President and CEO, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
a sufficient number of members of the Board and the Auditor. As a rule, anyone running for membership 
of the Board of Directors for the first time is required to attend the Shareholders' Meeting deciding on their 
election, unless their presence is prevented by a substantial reason. 
In 2021, TVO's Annual General Meeting was held on 31 March 2021. 
Board of Directors 
Under the Articles of Association, TVO's Board of Directors consists of a minimum of seven and a 
maximum of ten members (each, a "Director"). The term of office of a Board member starts at the 
termination of the Shareholders' Meeting at which the election takes place and ends at the close of the 
Shareholders' Meeting at which the new election takes place. According to TVO's Articles of Association, 
a shareholder who owns at least 20 per cent. and a maximum of 50 per cent. of TVO's shares has the right 
to appoint three members to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors elects a Chairman and a Deputy 
Chairman from among its members. The Board convenes when summoned by the Chairman or, where the 
Chairman is prevented from so doing, by the Deputy Chairman. More than a half of the members of the 
Board present at a meeting constitute a quorum. 
The Board of Directors promotes the interest of the Issuer and all its shareholders. The members of the 
Board do not represent those parties who proposed them as members or any other parties. 
The Board of Director's responsibilities and authority cover all matters related to TVO's administration that, 
according to legislation or the Articles of Association, are not handled by the Shareholders' Meeting.  TVO's 
Corporate Governance Statement 2020 gives more detailed information on the Board of Director's 
responsibilities. 
Board of Directors in 2021 
The annual general meeting of TVO for 2021 took place in March following which the Board of Directors 
of TVO were: 
Directors of TVO were: 
Name 
Position 
Born 
Qualifications 
Other positions held 
Ilkka Tykkyläinen 
Chairman 
1966 
M.Sc. (Eng.), 
M.Sc. (Econ.) 
President 
& 
CEO, 
Pohjolan 
Voima Oyj  
Tiina Tuomela 
Deputy 
Chairman 
1966 
M.Sc. (Eng.), 
MBA 
CFO, Uniper 
Hannu Jokinen 
Member 
1967 
M.Sc. (Econ. ) 
Vice 
President, 
Finance, 
Generation 
Division, 
Fortum 
Corporation 
Esa Kaikkonen 
Member 
1969 
LL.M 
CEO, Metsä Tissue

--- Page 104 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 98- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Born 
Qualifications 
Other positions held 
Tapio Korpeinen 
Member 
1963 
M.Sc. (Eng.), 
MBA 
CFO, 
UPM-Kymmene 
Corporation, 
Executive 
Vice 
President, UPM Energy 
Petra Lundström 
Member 
1966 
M.Sc. (Eng.) 
Vice President, Nuclear Services, 
Generation 
Division, 
Fortum 
Power and Heat 
Markus 
Mannström 
Member 
1963 
M.Sc. (Paper 
Tech..) 
Executive 
Vice 
President, 
Division Biomaterials, Stora Enso 
Oyj 
Anders Renvall 
Member 
1973 
M.Sc. (Eng.) 
Managing 
Director, 
Kymppivoima 
Rami Vuola 
Member 
1968 
M.Sc. (Eng.) 
President & CEO, EPV Energia 
Oy 
Juha-Pekka 
Weckström 
Member 
1970 
M.Sc. (Eng.) 
CEO, Helen Oy 
Board Committees 
To ensure that the issues within the responsibility of the Board of Directors are handled as efficiently as 
possible, TVO has set up an Audit and Finance Committee, an OL3 Committee, a Nuclear Safety 
Committee and a Nomination and Remuneration Committee, each assisting and reporting to the Board of 
Directors and consisting of at least three members of the Board. The Board of Directors chooses the 
members of the committees from among its members, appoints their chairman and approves each 
Committee's charter. 
In addition to the duties laid down in their respective charter, each committee deals also with other matters, 
which are related to their respective fields and passed on to them by the Board of Directors, committee 
members, the President and CEO or other management. 
The members of the Board Committees in 2021 are: 
Audit and Finance Committee 
Rami Vuola 
Chairman 
Hannu Jokinen 
Member 
Esa Kaikkonen 
Member 
OL3 Committee 
Tapio Korpeinen 
Chairman 
Markus Mannström 
Member 
Tiina Tuomela 
Member 
Ilkka Tykkyläinen 
Member 
Juha-Pekka Weckström 
Member 
Nuclear Safety Committee 
Markus Mannström 
Chairman

--- Page 105 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 99- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Petra Lundström 
Member 
Anders Renvall 
Member 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
Tiina Tuomela 
Chairman 
Tapio Korpeinen 
Member 
Ilkka Tykkyläinen 
Member 
Steering Groups Assisting the Management 
The Board of Directors may set up steering groups to assist the management and to handle, without any 
authority or liability under Finnish company law, special issues related to their fields. Such committees or 
steering groups will consist of members and experts appointed by the Board of Directors. 
The Board of Directors will also lay down regulations for the steering groups assisting the management. 
President and CEO 
The President and CEO deals with TVO's day-to-day management in accordance with the Finnish 
Companies Act and the instructions and orders issued by the Board of Directors, ensures that TVO's 
accounting practices comply with the law and that the financial administration and management are reliably 
organised. The President and CEO gives the Board and its members all the information necessary for the 
Board to perform its duties. 
The President and CEO is Jarmo Tanhua (born 1965) and acts as the Chairman of the Board of Directors 
of Posiva Oy. 
The President and CEO does not own any shares in TVO. 
Management Group 
The Management Group assists the President and CEO in the management of TVO's operations. The 
minutes of its meetings form the President and CEO's list of decisions. The members of the Management 
Group, excluding the personnel representatives, report to the President and CEO, and are appointed by the 
Board of Directors.  
The Management Group consists of: 
Jarmo Tanhua 
President and CEO, Chairman 
Mikko Kosonen 
Senior Vice President, Safety 
Marjo Mustonen 
Senior Vice President, Electricity Production 
Jouni Silvennoinen 
Senior Vice President, OL3 EPR Project 
Anja Ussa 
Senior Vice President, Finance, IT, Business Development and Support 
Services  
Lauri Piekkari 
Senior Vice President, Treasury 
Sami Jakonen 
Senior Vice President, Engineering and Expert Services 
Pekka Frantti 
Senior Vice President, OL3 Commercial Completion 
Jaana Isotalo 
Senior Vice President, HR, Training, Communications and Development 
of Work Community Culture 
Ulla-Maija Moisio 
Senior Vice President, Legal Affairs

--- Page 106 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 100- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Tapio Nieminen 
Personnel representative, Quality Manager 
Jarmo Jokiranta 
Personnel representative (Second deputy), Maintenance Technician 
In addition, the President of Posiva Oy (Janne Mokka) participates in the work of Management Group. 
For specific issues, the President and CEO can, if necessary, invite other persons to attend meetings of the 
Management Group. 
The Management Group deals with matters related to the Senior Vice Presidents' areas of responsibility to 
a necessary extent to ensure fluent communication between the President and CEO and the Senior Vice 
Presidents, and between the Senior Vice Presidents themselves. The Management Group also deals with 
essential matters related to TVO's operations and requiring a decision of the President and CEO. These 
include matters related to the members' areas of responsibility, matters submitted by the personnel 
representatives, strategy and action plans as well as operating guidelines and annual outages. 
The business address of the persons mentioned above is Olkiluoto, FI-27160 Eurajoki, Finland. To the best 
of TVO's knowledge, there are no conflicts of interest between any of the President and CEO's, members 
of the Board Committees', Directors' or the Management Group's duties to TVO and their private interests 
or other duties. 
Auditor 
In accordance with its Articles of Association, TVO has one auditor, which has to be an audit firm certified 
by the Finnish Central Chamber of Commerce. An auditor's term of office expires at the end of the Annual 
General Meeting following their election. 
In accordance with the Auditing Act the auditor is responsible for auditing TVO's annual consolidated 
financial statements. The auditor for the parent company must also audit the parent company standalone 
financial statements. The auditor's report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements is given to 
the Annual General Meeting.   
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the years 
ended 2020 and 2019 by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy.  The 2021 Annual General Meeting elected 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy (Authorised Public Accountants) as the company auditor of TVO. Niina 
Vilske (Authorised Public Accountant) acts as TVO's principal auditor from PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. 
Remuneration 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors approves TVO's commitment 
and remuneration systems. The management of TVO receives performance related bonuses if cost, output 
and safety targets are met. All permanent and long-term temporary employees are included in the employee 
bonus system. Some of the personnel have deposited their bonuses in the Teollisuuden Voima Personnel 
Fund. 
Insider Register 
As a bond issuer, and in accordance with the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (market abuse regulation), TVO maintains project 
specific insider registers on persons who work for the company on the basis of an employment contract or 
other contract and who, either regularly or irregularly, receive insider information directly or indirectly 
related to TVO.  
Disclosure Policy for Investors 
TVO has adopted a disclosure policy for investors. TVO has a duty to disclose information on a regular 
and continuous basis. The objective of the disclosure policy is to ensure the provision, without undue delay, 
of correct and relevant information to investors and other market participants regarding TVO's operations, 
operating environment, strategy, goals and financial situation. 
Stock exchange releases issued by TVO are approved by the President and CEO, the Chairman of the Board 
or an executive authorised by them.

--- Page 107 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 101- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Internal Control and Risk Management  
The Board of Directors and the management are responsible for organising the internal control of TVO and 
for ensuring that it is adequate. The purpose of internal control is to ensure that TVO's operations are carried 
out on an efficient and cost-effective basis, that the information supplied is reliable and that all relevant 
regulations and operating principles are followed. Company documents, including the Articles of 
Association, shareholders' agreement, operating agreement, corporate governance principles, organization 
manual, TVO's activity based management system, management code for the Olkiluoto NPP as well as 
adopted policies and TVO's Code of Conduct provide a basis for TVO's corporate governance and internal 
control.  
The goal of internal control is to ensure with adequate certainty that: 
1. 
TVO's operations are effective and in line with its strategy  
2. 
TVO's goals and objectives are achieved 
3. 
TVO's financial and operational control and reporting are reliable and correct 
4. 
TVO's operations are in accordance with the legislation. 
TVO's internal control consists of: 
• 
Financial control and management reporting 
• 
Risk management 
• 
Internal Audit 
• 
Auditing of the activity based management system 
The correctness and efficiency of internal control is ultimately overseen by the Audit and Finance 
Committee both through the monitoring of routine tasks and through discrete assessments such as internal 
audits of quality issues, environmental issues and occupational safety. 
TVO's Code of Conduct, approved by the Board of Directors, is based on TVO's values and is aligned with 
TVO's principles of responsible business.  
Financial Control and Reporting 
In order for internal control to work properly, the accounting and other systems in place must be reliable. 
Operative and financial reporting supported by IT systems enables efficient management and control of 
TVO's business operations. Open communication enables the efficiency of internal control. 
The aim of TVO's strategic planning is to ensure that TVO's operations support implementation of TVO's 
vision, strategy and long-term planning and goals, and that the budgeting is consistent with the strategic 
plans. 
The status of the annual goals is monitored through monthly reporting to the management. 
Reliable financial reporting must be based on appropriate control of financial administration and accounting 
processes. Supervision of the financial reporting process is within the responsibility of the Audit and 
Finance Committee. TVO's Finance function is in charge of the financial planning and reporting processes 
of the Group. The main processes of financial reporting have been described and their control activities 
defined, however, development of the processes and control activities is a continuous activity. 
In the TVO Group's consolidated financial statements the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) are followed, whilst in the parent company's separate financial statements the Finnish Accounting 
Standards (FAS) are followed. The purpose of the parent company's internal accounting is to produce 
financial information for the shareholders by share series. The accounting system by share series is based 
on FAS, and the related accounting principles have been approved by the Board of Directors. TVO's 
Financial Policy is approved by the Board of Directors.

--- Page 108 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 102- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Internal Auditing 
TVO's Internal Audit function assesses the efficiency and expediency of policies and procedures in use and 
reviews the functioning of the internal control. Internal Auditing also tries to promote the progress of TVO's 
corporate governance and risk management in different functions of TVO. The principles guiding TVO's 
internal auditing are set out in internal guidelines. The Internal Auditing reports to the Audit and Finance 
Committee and supports the management in the development of good corporate governance, risk 
management and internal control systems as well as of their efficiency and adequacy. 
Annual internal audits are based on audit plans approved by the Audit and Finance Committee. The annual 
internal audit plan content is coordinated with the audits conducted by the auditor and the internal audits of 
the Quality and Environment function. A summary of the internal audit is regularly reviewed by the Audit 
and Finance Committee and reported annually to the Board of Directors. 
Internal auditing presents the President and CEO a report on each audit immediately after they have been 
conducted. An annual summary lists the targets, dates and contents of the audits, any observations made 
and irregularities detected, and suggestions for further measures. 
The observations and irregularities are reported to the Management Group, who then decides on the 
monitoring of the irregularities and appoint a responsible person to deal with each observation or 
irregularity. The Management Group is responsible for making sure that the required corrective measures 
are made. 
Risk Management 
Risk management at TVO is based on the principle of comprehensive risk management and forms an 
important part of TVO's supervision and management system. The purpose of risk management is to support 
the achievement of goals, to prevent risks from materialising, and to reduce the probability of risks and 
their possible effects. Risk management is supervised by the Board of Directors, which endorses the 
principles on which it is based. 
Risk management is the responsibility of TVO's Management Group, under which there is a risk 
management group that controls the coordination. The risk management group maintains and develops the 
risk management system, undertakes company risk surveys as often and as thoroughly as necessary, 
analyses risks, and monitors the necessary contingency measures, ensuring that their scope is adequate. 
Each organisation unit is responsible for the practical implementation of risk management. Corporate 
security, risk management guidelines, reports and insurance are dealt with centrally. 
At TVO, risk management is part of activity based management system that is in accordance with TVO's 
safety culture and a part of the daily operation. Threats to operations, different risk factors and procedures 
for preventing, managing and reducing risks, are constantly monitored. In risk identification processes the 
likelihood of various threats is assessed and separate contingency plans are drawn up for them on a case-
by-case basis. 
At TVO, strategic risks are classified as follows: power plants, safety and environment; new capacity; 
personnel and skills; cost-efficiency; nuclear waste management and the confidence of stakeholders. Risk 
assessments for annual targets are based on the targets of the organisational units for the following year. 
TVO reduces risks connected with safety and production by keeping the nuclear power plant units in good 
condition. The high-quality planning and implementation of annual outages is particularly important. TVO 
has also taken out nuclear and other property damage insurance policies to cover risks to property. Statutory 
liability insurance is valid for cases involving nuclear liability. Fuel for TVO's electricity production, 
uranium and coal is bought on the global market. Risks connected with the supply of nuclear fuel have been 
reduced by making purchases from a number of suppliers and by concluding long-term contracts. 
At OL3 EPR, risk management during the commissioning stage is primarily a question of overseeing the 
work of the plant contractor according to the terms of the turnkey contract. Property damage risks and 
possible delays caused by them are covered by insurance. 
TVO's financing and financial risk management is dealt with centrally by the treasury and risk management 
department in accordance with the financing and risk management policies adopted by the Board of

--- Page 109 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 103- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
Directors. The financing risks of TVO's business include liquidity, market and credit risks. By diversifying 
the sources of finance, and with long-term credit commitments and liquid funds, financing risks are reduced. 
The financial position has been strengthened by issuing long term private placements and bonds. TVO has 
reduced market risks by making use of interest rate and currency derivatives. According to TVO's financing 
policy the loans denominated in foreign currencies will be hedged to EUR until the maturity date by using 
derivatives. 
Identification of risks related to the financial reporting process is part of the risk management process. 
Certain control activities and control points have been defined for these risks. 
Descriptions of the reporting process and the risk assessments attached to these descriptions are analysed 
every year. 
Auditing of the Activity Based Management System 
Internal audits consist of assessments of compliance with operating instructions with regard to records, 
measures and the continuity and efficiency of operations. 
Any irregularities detected during internal audits are reported and dealt with individually through the Kelpo 
application and together twice a year at management reviews. 
Control Activities 
Internal audits are carried out in accordance with a plan approved by the Board of Directors. The 
management ensures that the observations made and any irregularities detected by Internal Auditing are 
noted and remedied, where necessary. Instructions on financial reporting have been laid down in TVO's 
Administration Manual and Accounting Manual and provide the basis for financial reporting within the 
TVO Group. TVO's finance function is responsible for the accuracy and consistency of external and internal 
financial reporting and for compliance with the series of shares accounting principles as approved by the 
Board of Directors. SVP, Finance is responsible for developing the reporting process, maintaining related 
instructions and determining the control activities and measures related to financial reporting processes. 
Each control measure has a responsible person in charge of monthly, quarterly and annual reporting. 
Control measures include reconciliations, analytical review and approval procedures which are used to 
ensure the accuracy of financial reporting. 
The annual financial statements are audited by the Auditor. 
The accuracy and efficiency of internal control are assessed by the Audit and Finance Committee under the 
Board or Directors. 
Recent Developments 
In April 2021, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited affirmed TVO's long term credit rating BB and changed 
the outlook to positive. Fitch Ratings affirmed TVO's long term credit rating BBB- and maintained the 
negative outlook. 
Arbitration and Other Proceedings 
TVO and Wärtsilä Finland Oy (Wärtsilä) signed an agreement on the delivery of Emergency Diesel 
Generators and their auxiliary systems to Olkiluoto nuclear power plant (the so-called EDG project) in 
2013. In December 2018, Wärtsilä published a stock exchange release announcing a major provision it has 
made on two nuclear power plant projects to cover the excess costs and project delays, and stating that the 
allocation of responsibility for the additional costs and delays is in dispute. In April 2019, Wärtsilä 
announced in its notification addressed to TVO that EUR 65.0 million of the provision applies to TVO’s 
EDG project. In October 2020, TVO initiated arbitration proceedings against Wärtsilä concerning the 
installation and commissioning schedule of the auxiliary diesel generators (EDG 1–8) in accordance with 
the EDG project’s delivery agreement. The allocation of responsibility between the parties concerning the 
abovementioned additional costs and delays are to be resolved in the same proceedings. The arbitration 
proceedings are still ongoing.

--- Page 110 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 104- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's state and of the Issuer's state of incorporation might have an impact on the 
income received from the securities.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Finland or elsewhere. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could 
be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal 
and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those 
countries. The below is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
The Republic of Finland 
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Issuer's understanding of current law and practice 
in Finland. They only relate to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes 
and who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who are not engaged in trade or business in Finland 
for tax purposes through a permanent establishment in Finland or otherwise, and whose Notes are not 
connected to trade or business in Finland. They may not apply to certain classes of person such as dealers. 
Prospective Noteholders are urged to consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences of 
holding or transferring Notes. It should be noted that the tax laws of Finland may be amended with 
retrospective impact. 
Under Finnish tax legislation, acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes should be exempt from all taxes, 
duties, fees and imposts of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within Finland or by any municipality 
or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
The issuance of Notes is not subject to tax in Finland. Finland should not levy withholding tax on the 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes. This applies notwithstanding the 
clauses in tax treaties between Finland and other countries to the extent Finland is granted a right to tax 
payments relating to instruments such as the Notes. 
The above Noteholders are not liable to pay Finnish capital gains tax on Notes and transfers of Notes are 
not subject to Finnish transfer tax. 
Transfers of Notes by a non-resident by way of a gift or by reason of the death of the owner as a result of 
statutory inheritance or by a will are not subject to Finnish gift or inheritance tax on condition that the 
beneficiary of the gift, the heir or the legatee is not a Finnish resident. 
Noteholders will not be considered as resident in Finland for tax purposes or as engaged in trade or business 
in Finland for tax purposes through a permanent establishment in Finland or otherwise solely by their 
holding of Notes or Coupons or the receipt of income therefrom. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad

--- Page 111 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 105- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register, 
and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional 
notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.  In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It 
specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the Notes withheld at source and provides 
an indication as to whether the Issuer assumes responsibility for the withholding of taxes at the source.  It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in 
Luxembourg or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to 
which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes, payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the 
tax laws of Luxembourg. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The information contained within this section is limited to withholding taxation issues, and 
prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but not 
limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
A holder of the Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of 
the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
All payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) and principal by the Issuer in the context 
of the holding, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes, which are not profit sharing, can be made 
free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed,

--- Page 112 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 106- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to the application, as regards 
Luxembourg resident individuals, of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the "Relibi 
Law"), which provides for a 20 per. cent withholding tax on savings income (i.e. with certain exemptions, 
savings income within the meaning of the Relibi Law) paid by a paying agent within the meaning of the 
Relibi Law established in Luxembourg to or for an immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner 
who is tax resident in Luxembourg. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the 20 per cent. withholding tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent and not by the Issuer. 
In addition, pursuant to the Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals who are the beneficial owners of 
savings income paid by a paying agent established outside Luxembourg, in a Member State of either the 
European Union or the EEA, can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax (the "Levy") on such savings 
income. 
Responsibility for the declaration and payment of the Levy is assumed by the individual resident beneficial 
owner and not by the Issuer. 
The 20 per cent. withholding tax as described above or the Levy are final when Luxembourg resident 
individuals are acting in the context of the management of their private wealth.

--- Page 113 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 107- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Danske Bank A/S, Nordea Bank Abp, OP Corporate Bank plc, 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ) and 
The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to 
time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an Amended and Restated 
Dealer Agreement dated 8 June 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the 
Dealers.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the 
Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the 
method of distribution will be "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that 
Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is 
an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be "Syndicated", the obligations of those 
Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names of those Dealers and any 
other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if 
TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 114 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 108- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II");  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communications in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors   
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms thereto  (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communications in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking:  in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,

--- Page 115 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 109- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it has, to its best knowledge and belief, 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 116 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 110- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer passed on 28 May 2009. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 17 May 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will 
obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
Save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus on pages 6-7, 85-86 and 103, there are no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, 
of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date 
of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
Since 31 December 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. Since 31 March 2021, there has been no significant change in the 
financial position or performance of the Issuer or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.  
Auditors 
4. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the 
years ended 2019 and 2020 by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, 
principal auditor Niina Vilske, Authorised Public Accountant (member of the Finnish Association 
of Auditors), PO Box 1015 (Itämerentori 2) Helsinki FI-00101 Finland. 
Documents on Display 
5. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer at Olkiluoto, FI-27160 Eurajoki, 
Finland and the Fiscal Agent at Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, 1 Great Winchester Street, 
EC2N 2DB, London, United Kingdom or at www.tvo.fi for 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the extract from the trade register of the Finnish National Board of Patents and 
Registration; 
(b) 
Articles of Association of the Issuer approved 30 July 2020; 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 2019 and 
2020; 
(d) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, in respect of the three-
months ended 31 March 2021; 
(e) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(g) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); and 
(h) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
Material Contracts 
6. 
There are no contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of any of the Issuer's 
or a member of the Group's businesses, which are, or may be, material and contain provisions under

--- Page 117 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 111- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
which the Issuer or any member of the Group has an obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, 
material to the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
7. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the 
Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code 
(as applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Dealer Activities  
8. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf 
of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer 
and Issuer's affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme.  Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments.  
Issuer Ratings 
9. 
The Issuer has been rated BBB- by Fitch Ratings Ltd.9, BB by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited10, and A+ by the Japan Credit Rating Agency11, which are all on the list of registered and 
certified credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009.  
Notes Having a Maturity of Less Than One Year 
10. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must:  (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
 
9 This denotes a good credit quality, indicating that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity.  
10 An obligation rated 'BB' is less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues. However, it faces major ongoing 
uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial, or economic conditions which could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity 
to meet its financial commitment on the obligation.  
11 Indicates a high level of certainty to honour the financial obligations

--- Page 118 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 112- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Issue Price and Yield 
11. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not 
an indication of future yield. 
Issuer website  
12. 
The Issuer's website is www.tvo.fi, information contained on the website does not form part of this 
prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements  
13. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
LEI 
14. 
 The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 743700LQ48IZBTZN4S52.

--- Page 119 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 113- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
TEOLLISUUDEN VOIMA OYJ 
Olkiluoto 
FI-27160 Eurajoki  
Finland 
 
 
ARRANGER & DEALER 
 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal  
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
 
OP CORPORATE BANK PLC 
Gebhardinaukio 1 
FIN-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
 
SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB 
(PUBL) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
NATWEST MARKETS N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 9 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
SVENSKA HANDELSBANKEN AB (PUBL) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 2 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
SWEDBANK AB (PUBL) 
SE – 105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

--- Page 120 ---
10202081498-v7 
- 114- 
70-41015462 
 
 
 
DEUTSCHE BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
2 bd. Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG, LONDON BRANCH 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
To the Dealers as to Finnish law: 
 
CLIFFORD CHANCE LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
CASTRÉN & SNELLMAN ATTORNEYS 
LTD. 
PO Box 233 (Eteläesplanadi 14) 
FI-00131 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law: 
 
ASIANAJOTOIMISTO DLA PIPER FINLAND OY 
Fabianinkatu 23 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
 
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS OY 
P.O. Box 1015 (Itämerentori 2) 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Finland