--- Page 1 ---
10235138955-v14 
 
36-41037567 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 29 JULY 2022  
 
(established as a société anonyme with limited liability in France) 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Thales (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue 
notes (the "Notes") to one or more of the Dealers specified in "General Description of the Programme" herein and any additional Dealers 
appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" 
and together, the "Dealers").  Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between itself and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined 
below) subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto, each a "Supplement") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 
8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as may be amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been 
approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and received the approval no 22-326 on 29 July 2022.The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
For a period of twelve (12) months following the date of this Base Prospectus, application may be made (i) to the regulated market of 
Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris") for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to the listing authority of any other 
Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in 
such Member State, provided that the Base Prospectus is completed by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect investors' assessment of the Notes. 
After 29 July 2023, the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Euronext Paris is a regulated market (a 
"Regulated Market") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("EU MiFID II").The 
Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully 
described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. No physical documents (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier) of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the 
books of Euronext Paris (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 3(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed 
either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant 
Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer 
form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. 
Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for 
interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon certification as to non 
U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be 
cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area  in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined above), the minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) or more. 
See the "Risk Factors" section for a description of certain factors which should be considered by potential investors in connection with any 
investment in the Notes. 
The Programme has been given a long-term public credit rating of A- and a short-term public credit rating of A2 by S&P Global Ratings, 
acting through S&P Global Ratings French Branch, a division of the McGraw Hill Companies Inc. ("S&P") and a senior unsecured rating

--- Page 2 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 2 - 
36-41037567 
 
 
of A2 and a short-term rating of P-1 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's"). The Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (the 
"Group") is rated A2 (outlook stable) by Moody's and A- (outlook stable) by S&P. Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. Each of Moody's and S&P is a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such each of Moody's and S&P is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). Neither Moody’s nor S&P is established in the 
United Kingdom (the "UK"), or is registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and S&P have been endorsed 
by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Economic Area and registered under the EU CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by 
the relevant rating organisation. 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any Supplements hereto and with any other documents incorporated by 
reference herein  
and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant 
Final Terms (as defined herein). This Base Prospectus supersedes the base prospectus dated 30 July 2021 issued in respect of the 
Programme. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements hereto and any Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on Euronext Paris will be 
available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and copies of the Base Prospectus and each document incorporated by reference 
will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.thalesgroup.com). 
Arranger 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
Commerzbank 
CIC MARKET SOLUTIONS 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
J.P. Morgan 
HSBC 
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 3 - 
36-41037567 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any Supplements thereto that may be published from 
time to time and with any other documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined 
herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
(including for this purpose, the relevant Final Terms) contains all necessary information which is (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state 
any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable 
enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied 
by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or 
representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and none of the 
Dealers and any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to 
the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any 
implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, 
or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer 
since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuer and each of the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For 
a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In 
particular, Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States 
and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of 
Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Notes 
may be offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S"). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
€5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euro at the 
date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as 
defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, reference to "USD", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United 
States dollars and reference to "EUR", "euro" or "€" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union.

--- Page 4 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 4 - 
36-41037567 
 
 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements as to the Issuer's competitive position. Please note that these 
statements are based upon the Issuer's own assessments of the markets in which it operates. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) 
(the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms 
may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation action may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution, as amended or superseded, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, as amended or superseded (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the determination of the target market 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made by all relevant Dealers in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative

--- Page 5 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 5 - 
36-41037567 
 
 
materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Independent Review and Advice 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice 
as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial 
needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions 
applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex 
financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or 
with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions 
may be available for innovative financial Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 6 - 
36-41037567 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 12 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 23 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................... 28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 29 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ..... 71 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 72 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THALES ................................................................................................ 73 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF SECURITIES WITH 
A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EU 
REGULATED MARKET .......................................................................................................................... 74 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS ....................................................................................................... 75 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION ......................................................................................................... 84 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 87 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 91 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................. 94

--- Page 7 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 7 - 
36-41037567 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes" or "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall 
have the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Thales 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
 
529900FNDVTQJOVVPZ19 
Arranger: 
Société Générale  
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP PARIBAS, Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Crédit 
Industriel 
et 
Commercial 
S.A, 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, 
Natixis, SMBC Bank EU AG, Société Générale and UniCredit Bank 
AG and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes.  
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Fiscal Agent: 
CACEIS Corporate Trust 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Each Series may be listed on Euronext Paris and their admission to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Euronext Paris and/or admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority and/or 
quotation system, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and specified in the relevant Final Terms or may be unlisted. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and 
Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Dealer Agreement. In the event of an increase to the Initial 
Programme Amount, a supplement to the Base Prospectus will be 
prepared by the Issuer. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue price, the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different 
in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that in respect of 
Materialised Notes only, a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of a Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction 
with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 8 - 
36-41037567 
 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or administered registered form (au nominatif administré) form. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination 
and Title". 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A 
temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination and Title" below. 
Initial delivery of Notes: 
No later than one Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or the 
application form relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with 
Euroclear France as central depositary.  
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall 
be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
or with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any 
clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such 
compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies 
other than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms save that (i) the minimum specified denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless otherwise permitted 
by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 9 - 
36-41037567 
 
Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Series of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders, 
and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Acquisition Event Call 
Option: 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes in the case of an Acquisition Event as described in 
Condition 10(h) (Redemption on Acquisition Event). 
Tax Redemption: 
Early redemption will also be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption for 
tax reasons). 
Make-whole Redemption by 
the Issuer: 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem 
the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior 
to their Maturity Date at the Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer may redeem, at par together with accrued 
interest (if any), all (but not some only) of the Notes of any Series for 
the time being outstanding, if, Notes representing an aggregate amount 
equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. of the original aggregate nominal 
amount of such Series (including any Notes which have been 
consolidated and form a single Series therewith) shall have been 
redeemed or purchased (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer) or Condition 10(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer). 
Redemption at the option of 
the Noteholders: 
The Final Terms in respect of each Series of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option 
of the holder of any such Note. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows:  
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions, as defined in the Conditions or the FBF 
Definitions (as published by the Fédération Bancaire 
Française), each as amended, supplemented and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or 
 
(ii) 
either the (a) offered quotation or (b) the arithmetic mean of 
the offered quotations for the reference rate(s) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the relevant screen page as 
at the relevant Screen page time on the interest determination 
date in question, or by reference to a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, as may be determined by the Independent 
Adviser if a Benchmark Event occurs. 
(iii) 
by reference to SONIA, calculated using either "Compounded 
Daily SONIA-Lag" or the "Observation Shift Method"; or 
 
(iv) 
by reference to Compounded SOFR or by reference to the 
Benchmark Replacement if a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Replacement Date have occurred,

--- Page 10 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 10 - 
36-41037567 
 
in each case adjusted for any applicable Margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Linear 
Interpolation may apply to the calculation of interest with respect to 
Floating Rate Notes where so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes:  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) 
that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms.  
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it 
and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum rate of interest shall never 
be less than zero. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 6 (Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default: 
There will be Events of Default and a cross default as described in 
Condition 14 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of French withholding taxes, subject as provided in 
Condition 12 (Taxation). In the event that a deduction becomes due, 
the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving 
such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes 
had no such withholding been required. 
Redenomination: 
In respect of any Tranche of Notes, if the country of the Specified 
Currency becomes or, announces its intention to become, a 
Participating Member State, the Notes may be redenominated in euro 
in accordance with Condition 20 (Redenomination, Renominalisation 
and Reconventioning) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction: 
French law. 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons 
or Talons will be submitted to the jurisdiction of the competent courts 
of Nanterre. 
 
Ratings: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Programme 
has been given a long-term public credit rating of A- and a short-term 
public credit rating of A2 by S&P and a senior unsecured rating of A2 
and a short-term rating of P-1 by Moody's. The Group is rated A2 
(outlook stable) by Moody's and A- (outlook stable) by S&P. Tranches 
of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
Notes are rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's and S&P 
are credit rating agencies established in the European Economic Area, 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on

--- Page 11 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 11 - 
36-41037567 
 
credit rating agencies ("EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
ratingagencies/risk). Neither Moody’s nor S&P is established in the 
United Kingdom (the "UK"), or is registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and S&P have been 
endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation 
and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of 
Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme.  
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, 
France, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Belgium and Japan, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below. Further restrictions may be required in 
connection with any particular issue of Notes. Any such further 
restrictions will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 12 - 
36-41037567 
 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the risk factors set out 
below are limited to those that are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and material to an informed investor's 
decision to invest in the Notes. These risks are ranked and presented in decreasing order of importance 
within each category (and in no particular order of importance between categories). 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors should, however, read the detailed information 
set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
A. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
The Issuer is exposed to numerous risks and uncertainties which could materially affect its business, 
reputation, financial position, results or ability to achieve its objectives. The risks described below are not 
the only ones that the Issuer faces. Other risks, currently unknown to the Issuer, or which presently appear 
to be non-significant, could also have an unfavourable impact on the business, profitability and financial 
position of the Group or its ability to achieve its objectives. 
Generally, the Issuer may be faced with a number of operational and strategic risks, legal risks and financial 
risks. 
The risks that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations issued under the Programme are set out 
on pages 44 to 61 of the Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2021, as such pages are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The following risks are 
mentioned therein:  
OPERATIONAL AND STRATEGIC RISKS 
• 
Risks related to the economic, geopolitical and social environment (including a risk factor focusing 
on the impact of Covid-19) 
• 
Risks related to the competitive positioning of products and services 
• 
Risks related to contract execution 
• 
Risks related to the Group's attractiveness and to talent development and retention 
• 
Risk of dependence on suppliers 
• 
"Cyber" risks 
• 
Environmental risks (environment and climate) 
• 
Risks related to investments 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
• 
Compliance 
• 
Protecting intellectual property 
 
FINANCIAL RISKS 
• 
Liquidity, exchange rates and customer credit

--- Page 13 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 13 - 
36-41037567 
 
• 
Pension commitments 
B. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO ALL SERIES OF NOTES 
1.1 
Credit risk. 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5 (Status), benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets 
or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the 
Notes. The Group is rated A2 (outlook  negative) by Moody's and A- (outlook stable) by S&P, and the 
value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the level of such credit rating (as 
may be impacted by the risks relating to the Issuer described above). If the financial situation of the Issuer 
deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholders could be very significant because (i) the Issuer may 
not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes 
may decrease, in particular if the credit rating deteriorates, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
1.2 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by 
many events which may affect their market value. 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated 
Market as may be agreed with the Issuer. Nevertheless, the market value of the Notes will be affected by a 
number of factors, including the value of the reference rates, yields, the time remaining to the maturity date 
and the creditworthiness of the Issuer. The value of the Notes or the reference rates depends on a number 
of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events and factors affecting capital 
markets generally and Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or the stock exchanges on which 
the Notes or the reference rates are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes 
prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price 
paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, all or a substantial part of the capital invested by the Noteholder 
may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes. 
1.3 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop. 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated 
Market as may be agreed with the Issuer. However, Notes issued under the Programme will be new 
securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there may be no active trading market (unless 
in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with 
a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may 
trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for 
similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer.  
Although particular series of Notes may specify that they are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market in the EEA (if the Issuer has requested that the Base Prospectus 
be notified to the competent authority of another EEA Member State), such admission to trading may not 
occur, a particular Tranche of Notes may not be so listed and admitted or an active trading market may not 
develop. Accordingly, there may be no development of, nor liquidity in, any trading market for any 
particular Tranche of Notes, or, if one does develop, that it will be maintained. If an active trading market 
for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes 
may be adversely affected as investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree 
of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes 
where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, the impact 
of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a discount to 
the nominal value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the 
markets, this may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Furthermore, if 
additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may have a significant adverse effect 
on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 14 - 
36-41037567 
 
1.4 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency"). The 
Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of 
factors, including financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability of the Specified 
Currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such 
Note. If this risk were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent 
principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be negatively 
impacted. As a result, investors might receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at worst, no 
interest or principal. 
2. 
LEGAL RISKS  
2.1 
French Insolvency Law and EU Restructuring Directive 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent 
that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as 
amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French 
law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such ordinance, applicable to proceedings 
opened as from 1 October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of 
adoption of restructuring plans under safeguard, accelerated safeguard and reorganization proceedings. 
According to this ordinance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) 
may be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting 
a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests 
with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of economic interest based on objective and ascertainable 
criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan(s) in a separate assembly, 
meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on the proposed plan(s). Instead, as any 
other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into classes of affected parties (with potentially other 
creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden through the differing vote of the class(s) to 
which they belong or by a cross-class cram down sanctioned by the court. Although likely that Noteholders 
would be grouped within the same class for the purpose of proceedings affecting the Issuer, it cannot 
entirely be ruled out that Noteholders would be grouped into different classes based on objective and 
ascertainable criteria that would then prevail. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of the Notes. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could 
negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
2.2 
Modifications and waivers.  
Subject to the provisions of the Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, 
be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 15 
(Representation of Noteholders). The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interest generally to be adopted either through a general

--- Page 15 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 15 - 
36-41037567 
 
meeting (the "General Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation (the "Written 
Decisions", together with the General Meetings, the "Collective Decisions"). The Terms and Conditions 
permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant General Meeting or were not represented at the relevant meeting or did not consent 
to a Written Decision and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. In particular, 
Noteholders may be asked to decide on any proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and 
Conditions through Collective Decisions as more fully described in Condition 15, subject to limitations 
provided by French law. 
While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Terms and Conditions will need to be amended by 
way of a Collective Decision during the life of the Notes if it were necessary, it is possible that a majority 
of Noteholders could adopt a Collective Decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way 
that could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, for example by waiving certain rights temporarily 
or permanently or by amending the financial conditions of the Notes and reducing their yield for 
Noteholders. These amendments could in turn have the effect of reducing the market value of the Notes. 
2.3 
Change of law. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on and governed by French law and EU law and regulations in effect 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Judicial decisions or changes to French law, EU law and regulations 
or their administrative practice, official application or interpretation may take place after the date of this 
Base Prospectus. If any change in law was unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could have an 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and could have negative repercussions on the Noteholders' 
investment in the Notes. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
Interest Rate Risks. 
(a) 
Fixed Interest Rate Risk. 
Investment in Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed Rate Notes") involves the risk that if market 
interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid in the Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect 
the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Fixed 
Rate Notes to Noteholders (see Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Notes Provisions). While the nominal interest rate 
of a Fixed Rate Note is specified in the relevant Final Terms and is determined for the term of such Note 
or a given period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily 
basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Fixed Rate Note on the secondary market varies 
in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically 
decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the 
Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such 
Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. Noteholders should be aware that 
movements of the Market Interest Rate are hard to anticipate and can adversely affect the price of the Notes 
in the secondary market and could cause Noteholders to lose part of the capital invested if they decide to 
sell Notes during a period in which the market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes. Any such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and cause Noteholders 
who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment. 
(b) 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate 
Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that bear interest at a floating rate 
of interest (the "Floating Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 8 (Floating Rate Notes Provisions)). 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes (issued pursuant to Condition 7 (Fixed 
Rate Notes Provisions)) is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. The interest 
payable in relation to Floating Rate Notes is comprised of a reference rate and a margin to be added or 
subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to Market Interest Rates evidenced by the relevant

--- Page 16 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 16 - 
36-41037567 
 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of 
the relevant reference rate. This stated volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted 
to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 8(m) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)). The 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, automatically or upon decision of the Issuer at a date 
specified in the Final Terms, can be converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to 
a fixed rate. The (automatic or optional) conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Notes as it can lead to a reduction of the total borrowing costs. If a fixed rate is converted into a 
floating rate, the rate spread between the fixed rate and the floating rate may be less in favour than the rate 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes that have the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate may be, at any time, lower than the interest rates of other Notes. If a floating rate is converted into a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the rates applicable to these Notes. It is difficult to anticipate 
future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant negative effect on 
the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should also refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled " Fixed Interest Rate Risk" and 
"Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes" above. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted 
bonds. 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes (see Condition 9 (Zero Coupon 
Notes Provisions)) which are non-interest-bearing. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially 
stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the 
discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes 
can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their 
leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. 
Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses 
on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate or Floating Rate Notes. It is 
difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
negative effect on the value of the Notes. 
(e) 
Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks". 
Pursuant to Condition 8(c)(Screen Rate Determination - IBOR), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be specify that the Rate of Interest 
for such Notes will be determined by reference to reference rates that constitute "benchmarks", including , 
the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks". 
"Benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be 
subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have an adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") which was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and which has been in force since 1 January 2018 and Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") apply to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU and the UK, 
respectively. It , among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based or non-UK based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 17 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 17 - 
36-41037567 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 8(c)(v) (Benchmark discontinuation) which seek to offset any 
adverse effects for the Noteholders, the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
could have a material impact on the market value and return of any Notes referencing a "benchmark", 
including, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant "benchmark" are changed in order 
to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and 
such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
The existing provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation have been further amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 12 February 2021 (the "Amending Regulation").  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for (i) benchmarks designated as critical that may affect the stability of financial markets in 
the European Union, and other relevant benchmarks, if their cessation or wind-down would significantly 
disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European Union, (ii) third-country benchmarks if their 
cessation or wind-down would significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European 
Union or pose a systemic risk to the financial system in the European Union, and (iii) benchmarks 
designated as critical in a Member State by a national laws, such replacement being restricted to contracts 
and financial instruments which do not contain fallback provisions or suitable fallback provisions and have 
not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. The statutory replacement 
of a benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked 
to or referencing such benchmark.  
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end 
of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. The Amending Regulation applies since 
13 February 2021. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked 
to such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such 
Notes. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, 
this may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies pursuant to Condition 8(f) or Condition 
8(g) respectively, be relying upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant 
benchmark which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if 
Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 8(c), result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark 
was available. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity 
of, and return on, any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
Future discontinuance of other benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes which reference other 
benchmarks 
As an example of benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that 
it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight 
rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area.  On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free

--- Page 18 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 18 - 
36-41037567 
 
rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The 
€STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been 
reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how 
long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an 
alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of other benchmarks, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could 
require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions, or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose 
interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, 
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) 
based on the same benchmark. 
Changes to the administration of benchmarks such as EURIBOR or the emergence of alternatives to  
benchmarks such as EURIBOR, may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or 
there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The discontinuation of benchmarks such as 
EURIBOR or changes to their administration could require changes to the way in which the Rate of Interest 
is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing or linked to such benchmarks. The development of 
alternatives to benchmarks such as EURIBOR may result in Notes linked to or referencing such benchmarks 
performing differently than would otherwise have been the case if the alternatives to such benchmarks had 
not developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, 
any Notes linked to or referencing such benchmarks.  
Occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event 
In the case of Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to or referencing an inter-bank offered rate 
"benchmark" pursuant to Condition 8(c), the Terms and Conditions of the Notes at Condition 8(c)(v)(6) 
provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that Screen Rate Determination is specified to be 
"Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms and a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Relevant Rate 
(which may be an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate, and/or any 
page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Floating 
Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be by reference to such benchmark under the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 8(c)(v)(6)), with or without the 
application of an Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 8(c)(v)(6)), and may include amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, all as determined by the Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 8(c)(v)(6)).  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). In addition, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection 
with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate 
Notes which are made in order to effect any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
In certain circumstances, and as specified in Condition 8(c)(v), including (i) where no Independent Adviser 
has been appointed or Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined (ii) due to 
uncertainty relating to the availability of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or (iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, if an Independent Adviser is appointed, such 
Independent Adviser is unable to act, the fallback rules may not apply as expected at the relevant time. In 
such a scenario, alternative fallback rules may be applied, resulting in the rate of interest for such Interest 
Period being based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms), as set out in the risk factor entitled "Risks related to the regulation and reform 
of "benchmarks" above. In addition, due to uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and 
Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 19 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 19 - 
36-41037567 
 
It is possible that, in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, it will take some time before a clear successor 
rate or alternative rate is established in the market. Accordingly, Condition 8(c)(v)(6) provides as a further 
fallback that, following the designation of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, if the Independent 
Adviser determines that the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the 
Relevant Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer shall appoint or re-
appoint an Independent Adviser for the purpose of confirming the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) or determining a replacement Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 
8(c)(v)(6). If the Independent Adviser is unable to or otherwise does not determine a replacement Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), then the previously-designated Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
will remain unchanged despite the fact that it may no longer be substantially comparable to the Relevant 
Rate or that it may no longer constitute an industry accepted rate, which may have a negative effect on the 
market value and yield of the Notes. 
In addition, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes to be determined in accordance with the SOFR provisions 
pursuant to Condition 8(e), if the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines on or prior 
to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event (as described in the Conditions) has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) shall select a Benchmark Replacement 
which will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or the Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) may have no or a 
very limited trading history and accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant 
market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor, alternative or replacement rates (as applicable) and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser or Calculation Agent (as applicable), the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or 
Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) may perform differently from the discontinued Relevant Rate or 
Benchmark (as applicable).  
Any Adjustment Spread or Conforming Changes (as applicable) applied to any Series of Floating Rate 
Notes may not adequately compensate for this impact. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be 
be favourable to each Noteholder. This could in turn have quite a negative impact on the rate of interest on, 
and trading value of, the affected Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Floating Rate Notes 
that enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and 
they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges and replacing them with instruments tied to the successor, 
alternative or replacement rate (as applicable). 
Any such consequences could have a negative effect on the liquidity and value of, and return on, any such 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks" because the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in a loss of a portion of the 
principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as reference rate for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be 
Pursuant to Condition 8(e), the Issuer has the option to issue Notes for which the Rate of Interest is 
Compounded SOFR plus or minus a Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Investors should be 
aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") 
as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to U.S. LIBOR. In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SOFR, 
including term SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average 
SOFR rate over a designated term). The nascent development of Compounded Daily SOFR rates as an 
interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SOFR based rates 
for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 20 - 
36-41037567 
 
The use of Compounded Daily SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms 
of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SOFR. The market or a significant part 
thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and 
Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SOFR 
that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with the Notes. In addition, the 
manner of adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives or SOFR 
and loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR 
reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SOFR.  
SOFR differs from U.S. LIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history 
The Issuer may issue floating rate notes denominated in U.S. Dollar that are calculated by reference to U.S. 
LIBOR (pursuant to Condition 8(c)) or SOFR (pursuant to Condition 8(e)). Compounded Daily SOFR 
differs from U.S. LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that Compounded Daily SOFR is a 
backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas U.S. LIBOR is expressed on the basis 
of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors 
should be aware that U.S. LIBOR and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates 
for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, 
and therefore will perform differently over time to U.S. LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For example, 
since publication of SOFR began on April 3, 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more 
volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SOFR began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The future performance of 
SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. The level of SOFR 
during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR such as correlations, may 
change in the future.  
Furthermore, the Interest Rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference 
Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to U.S. LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes 
become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default), or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable 
in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to 
the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue SOFR 
In relation to any Notes linked to SOFR, The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor), as 
administrator of SOFR, may after the relevant Issue Date make methodological or other changes that could 
change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility 
criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. 
In addition, the administrator may after the relevant Issue Date alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SOFR (in which case the fallback methods of determining the interest rate on the Notes 
specified in Condition 8(e) will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR. 
Risks relating to Notes which are linked to SONIA  
Where, pursuant to Condition 8(d), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to SONIA, investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in 
relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling 
LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference 
rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward

--- Page 21 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 21 - 
36-41037567 
 
expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may 
adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and 
used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued under this Base Prospectus. The 
continued development of SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as 
continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price 
of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at the 
end of the relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult 
for investors in Notes that reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be 
payable on such Notes. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer 
may in the future issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference 
rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA 
in other markets, such as the derivative and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Notes referencing a SONIA rate. 
The Bank of England (or any successor) as administrators of SONIA may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA 
is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to 
the publication of SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes 
specified in Condition 8(d) will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any SONIA.  
4. 
Early redemption risks 
4.1 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the jurisdiction of the Issuer or a political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons). Such early redemption would be at the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes, 
which in almost all cases would be their principal amount. As a consequence of such early redemption the 
yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes may 
be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such a case would not receive the total 
amount of the capital invested. 
4.2 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a 
particular issue of Notes, could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably 
less than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
including  a Call Option  by the Issuer as described in Condition 10(c) (Call Option), or a Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer as described in Condition 10(f) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or a 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer as described in Condition 10(g) (Clean-up Call Option). As a 
consequence of any such early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid 
by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such a case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested.  
Furthermore, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be 
able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The above factors mean that the very existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of 
Notes could limit the market value of such Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 22 - 
36-41037567 
 
The Notes may also be redeemed early if an Acquisition Event (as described in Condition 10(h) 
(Redemption on Acquisition Event)) occurs. With respect to such a Redemption on Acquisition Event, the 
probability and risks related to the nonconsummation of the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target 
(as defined in the relevant Final Terms) may depend on a variety of factors, including (but not limited to) 
securing competition, foreign investment and other regulatory approvals, obtaining consents from 
commercial counterparties or creditors of the Acquisition Target, completing required employee 
consultation procedures and the implementation of the Group's strategy with respect to the particular 
Acquisition Target, some of which will be outside of the control of the Issuer. In addition, should the 
completion of the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target not be completed within the Acquisition 
Notice Period, the Issuer will have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise the Redemption on 
Acquisition Event at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) 
and in such case Noteholders would not receive the total return expected to receive on the Notes. Moreover, 
investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through a Redemption on Acquisition Event may be 
able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Conversely, if the proposed 
acquisition of the Acquisition Target is not consummated, and the Issuer determines not to redeem the 
Notes, the Notes will remain outstanding as obligations of the Issuer and the Acquisition Target will not be 
a member of the Group. The existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes 
could limit the market value of such Notes. 
In addition, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option (Condition 10(g) (Clean-up Call Option)), there is no 
obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when 80 per cent. or more of the original aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes has been redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the 
Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect 
of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested or lower than the expected return. 
4.3 
Partial redemption at the option of the Issuer or redemption at the option of the Noteholders.  
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes 
at the option of the Noteholders or at the option of the Issuer is made, any trading market in respect of those 
Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption is, at the 
option of the Issuer provided in Conditions 10(d) (Partial redemption) or 10(f) (Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer) or at the option of the Noteholders provided in Conditions 10(e)(Redemption at the Option 
of the Noteholders), made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is 
not exercised may become less liquid or illiquid which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have 
a direct and significant impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, 
investors may not be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with 
the same yield as the redeemed Notes. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption shall be effected, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to 
the aggregate nominal amount redeemed and in the case of Materialised Notes, the Fiscal Agent shall make 
the drawing that is required in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 23 - 
36-41037567 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following sections identified in 
paragraphs (a) – (g) and the cross-reference table below of the following documents which have been 
previously published and have been filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF"). Such sections 
shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Prospectus:  
(a) 
The 2022 half year financial report of the Issuer in the French language published on 25 July 2022 
(the "2022 Half Year Financial Report");  
(b) 
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the 2021 Document d'enregistrement 
universel in the French language relating to the Issuer, filed with the AMF on 6 April 2022 under 
no. 22-0249, including the statutory audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, 
and for the year ended, 31 December 2021 and the related notes thereto (the "2021 Universal 
Registration Document");  
(c) 
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the 2020 Document d'enregistrement 
universel in the French language relating to the Issuer, filed with the AMF on 12 April 2021 under 
no. D.21-0295, including the statutory audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, 
and for the year ended, 31 December 2020 and the related notes thereto (the "2020 Universal 
Registration Document");  
(d) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2020 Conditions") of the base prospectus 
dated 5 August 2020 which received visa no. 20-382 from the AMF (the "2020 Base Prospectus"); 
(e) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2019 Conditions") of the base prospectus 
dated 1 July 2019 which received visa no. 19-308 from the AMF (the "2019 Base Prospectus"); 
(f) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2018 Conditions") of the base prospectus 
dated 29 June 2018 which received visa no. 18-274 from the AMF (the "2018 Base Prospectus"); 
and  
(g) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2017 Conditions") of the base prospectus 
dated 30 May 2017 which received visa no. 17-241 from the AMF (the "2017 Base Prospectus"). 
save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes 
such statement. 
The Base Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference therein and English translations of the 
2022 Half Year Financial Report, the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.thalesgroup.com). Provision of 
such documents does not constitute a representation that such documents have not been modified or 
superseded in whole or in part as specified above. The Base Prospectus and any supplement to the Base 
Prospectus will also be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).  
In relation to each issue of Notes, this Base Prospectus shall be completed by the relevant Final Terms. The 
Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites of (x) 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (y) the Issuer (www.thalesgroup.com). If the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether 
additional methods of publication are required and what they consist of. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information 
on the websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on 
the websites which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF.  
For the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross-reference table below. Where only certain parts of the information 
requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation

--- Page 24 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 24 - 
36-41037567 
 
(EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation are incorporated by reference, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant for investors or contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference table below, but included in the documents listed above 
is given for information purposes only.  
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows:  
Cross-reference list in respect of information incorporated by reference 
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
RELEVANT DOCUMENT AND 
PAGES IN THE RELEVANT 
DOCUMENT 
 
3. RISK FACTORS 
 
3.1 Risk Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the securities 
 
Page 14, 2022 Half Year Financial 
Report  
 
Pages 
44-61, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1.1 The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
Page 
196, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
4.1.2 The place of registration of the issuer, its registration 
number and legal entity identifier ('LEI') 
Page 
196, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
4.1.3 The date of incorporation and the length of the life of the 
issuer, except where the period is indefinite 
Page 
196, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
4.1.4 The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation 
under which the issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal 
place of business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the information 
on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
 
Page 
196, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1 Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 A brief description of the issuer's principal activities stating 
the main categories of products sold and/or services performed  
 
Pages 
16-28, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
5.1.2 The basis for any statements in the registration document 
made by the issuer regarding its competitive position  
 
Pages 
8-9 
and 
16-28, 
2021 
Universal Registration Document 
6. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group 
and the issuer’s position within the group. This may be in the form 
of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational structure 
if this helps to clarify the structure. 
Pages 
41-42, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
7. TREND INFORMATION 
 
7.1 A description of: 
(a) any material adverse change in the prospects of the issuer 
since the date of its last published audited financial 
statements; and 
(b) any significant change in the financial performance of the 
group since the end of the last financial period for which 
Pages 14-15, 2022 Half Year 
Financial Report

--- Page 25 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 25 - 
36-41037567 
 
financial information has been published to the date of the 
registration document. 
If neither of the above are applicable then the issuer should 
include (an) appropriate negative statement(s). 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions in the issuer of the 
following persons, and an indication of the principal activities 
performed by them outside the issuer where these are significant 
with respect to that issuer: 
 
(a) members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies; 
 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pages 70-79 and 94, 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
Not Applicable 
9.2 Administrative, Management, and Supervisory bodies 
conflicts of interests 
 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuing 
entity of the persons referred to in item 9.1 and their private 
interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. 
 
In the event that there are no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect that no such conflicts exist must be made. 
 
 
 
 
Pages 
70-79, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
 
Page 
79, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
10.1 To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom, and 
described the nature of such control, and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not abused 
 
Pages 
198, 
200-203, 
2021 
Universal Registration Document 
 
10.2 A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in 
control of the issuer 
 
Page 92, 200-203, 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
 
 
11.1 Historical financial information 
 
 
11.1.1 Audited historical financial information covering the latest 
2 financial years (or such shorter period that the issuer has been 
in operation), and the audit report in respect of each year 
 
 
Pages 18-39, 2022 Half Year 
Financial Report  
 
Pages 218-268 and 302-310, 2021 
Universal Registration Document 
 
Pages 204-253 and 286-292, 2020 
Universal Registration Document 
 
11.1.3 Accounting standards  
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the financial 
statements must be prepared according to:  
Page 25, 2022 Half Year Financial 
Report 
 
Page 262-266, 2021 Universal 
Registration Document

--- Page 26 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 26 - 
36-41037567 
 
(a) a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers 
from the EEA as required by Directive 2013/34/ EU;  
(b) a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third country issuers.  
 
Otherwise the following information must be included in the 
registration document:  
(a) a prominent statement that the financial information included 
in the registration document has not been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 and that there may be material differences in the 
financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 
been applied to the historical financial information;  
(b) immediately following the historical financial information a 
narrative description of the differences between Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the 
accounting principles adopted by the issuer in preparing its 
annual financial statements.  
 
11.1.4 Where the audited financial information is prepared 
according to national accounting standards, the financial 
information must include at least the following: 
 
(a) the balance sheet; 
 
 
 
 
Page 23, 2022 Half Year Financial 
Report  
 
Pages 
274, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
Pages 
259, 
2020 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(b) the income statement; 
Page 19, 2022 Half Year Financial 
Report  
 
Page 
273, 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
Page 
258, 
2020 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
Pages 25-39, 2022 Half Year 
Financial Report  
 
Pages 278-301, 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
Pages 262-285, 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
11.1.5 If the issuer prepares both own and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements 
in the registration document.  
 
Pages 18-24, 2022 Half Year 
Financial Report  
 
Pages 218-268, 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
Pages 204-253, 2020 Universal 
Registration Document

--- Page 27 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 27 - 
36-41037567 
 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information  
 
 
11.2.1 
The historical annual financial information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared in accordance with the 
Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 
do not apply, the historical financial information must be audited 
or reported on as to whether or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives a true and fair view in accordance 
with auditing standards applicable in a Member State or an 
equivalent standard. Otherwise, the following information must 
be included in the registration document: 
(a) a prominent statement disclosing which auditing standards 
have been applied; 
(b) an explanation of any significant departures from International 
Standards on Auditing. 
 
Pages 40-42, 2022 Half Year 
Financial Report (review report 
only) 
 
Pages 302-310, 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
Pages 286-292, 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial information have 
been refused by the statutory auditors or where they contain 
qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of matter 
must be reproduced in full  
 
 
Pages 302 and 307, 2021 Universal 
Registration Document  
 
11.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.3.1 Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have 
had in the recent past, significant effects on the issuer and/or 
group's financial position or profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative statement 
 
Pages 261 and 293, 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
 
The 2020 Conditions, the 2019 Conditions, the 2018 Conditions and the 2017 Conditions are incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated 
(assimiliées) and form a single series with notes already issued under the 2020 Base Prospectus, the 2019 
Base Prospectus, the 2018 Base Prospectus and the 2017 Base Prospectus respectively. Non-incorporated 
parts of the 2020 Base Prospectus, the 2019 Base Prospectus, the 2018 Base Prospectus and the 2017 Base 
Prospectus are not relevant for investors. 
 EMTN previous conditions 
2020 Base Prospectus 
29 to 68 
2019 Base Prospectus 
25 to 56 
2018 Base Prospectus 
42 to 67 
2017 Base Prospectus 
41 to 66

--- Page 28 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 28 - 
36-41037567 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/979, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or 
inaccuracy or omission relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make available an 
appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be 
listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any such 
supplement will be submitted to the AMF for approval.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the 
relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised 
Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions (as defined below) will have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Thales (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of up to €5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes 
(the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are issued with the benefit of an agency agreement dated 29 July 
2022 between the Issuer and CACEIS Corporate Trust, as fiscal agent and the other agents 
named in it (the "Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agent and the calculation 
agent for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the 
"Paying Agent" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent and any additional Paying 
Agent) and the "Calculation Agent". Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent.  
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent.  
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month in which event that date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Day Count Fraction" means (subject as provided in Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions)), in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Interest Period). If the Interest 
Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows:

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
(A) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last calendar day 
of the Interest Period; and 
(B) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated 
as set out in the first paragraph of this definition 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
Where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
Where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
Where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the maturity date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day of the 
Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation) any indemnity in respect of such 
indebtedness. 
"ICMA" means the International Capital Markets Association; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; or 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, 
in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases, 
but excluding any such indebtedness owed by one company within the Issuer's group of 
companies (including the Issuer) to another such company. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period;

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and 
updated  as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes) as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association (copies of which may be obtained from the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association at www.isda.org). 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes, 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association on its website 
(www.isda.org).  
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which 
the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption 
moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any 
interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in 
bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of 
the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) (Payments and Talons – Dematerialised Notes),

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
(ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder 
as provided in Condition 7(a) (Payments and Talons – Dematerialised Notes) and (iii) in the 
case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain 
available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes and/or Coupons, 
as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled or purchased and held as 
provided in the Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced 
Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Notes, 
(ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Notes are outstanding and 
without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Notes alleged to have 
been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Notes have been 
issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged 
for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET2 Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency, provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of the Issuer at least 70 per 
cent. of whose share capital and voting rights are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer and 
whose total assets and operating income (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares 
consolidated accounts, whose total consolidated assets and consolidated operating income, as 
the case may be) attributable to the Issuer represent no less than 10 per cent. of the total 
consolidated assets and the consolidated operating income of the Issuer, all as calculated by 
reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts, as the case may be) of

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries; 
"Project Financing" means any financing of the acquisition, construction or development of 
any asset in connection with a particular project where, pursuant to the terms of the agreement 
or agreements under which the financing is provided, the creditors involved agree to look to the 
asset financed or the revenues to be generated by the operation of, or loss or damage to, the 
financed asset as the principal source of repayment and, once the asset, the acquisition, 
construction or development of which is being financed has been acquired, built or developed 
and is in use or operation, as the primary source of repayment for the monies to be advanced on 
the security of such asset; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. The Rate 
of Interest shall at all times not be less than zero; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Notice" means a notice in the form of Schedule 8 of the Agency Agreement which 
must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a 
Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (or if the 
Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in 
the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been 
received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or 
prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond or note (obligations) instrument which at the time of issue is, or is intended by the Issuer 
to be, or which at any time thereafter the Issuer shall authorise to be, listed, quoted or traded on 
any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-
counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service, Bloomberg and the 
Dow Jones Telerate Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest (sûreté 
réelle), including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws 
of any jurisdiction;

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person or entity at any time, any other person or entity 
(whether or not now existing) as defined in article L233-1 of the French Code de Commerce or 
any other person or entity controlling directly or indirectly such person or entity within the 
meaning of article L233-3 of the French Code de Commerce; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union; 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in paragraph (a) above to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et 
seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "Code") by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear 
France ("Euroclear France", acting as central depository) which shall credit the

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
accounts of Account Holders (as defined below), or in registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer 
(the "Registration Agent"). 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
the provisions of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at 
any time request from the central depositary the following identification information of 
the holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur): the name or the 
company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, 
as the case may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each of them 
and any restrictions applicable to the Notes. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold accounts on behalf 
of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as 
operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, where appropriate, a talon 
(the "Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references 
to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 of the Code, securities (such as 
Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination: Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination") save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency at the 
issue date or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
(as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder", "holder of Notes" or, as the case may be, "holder 
of any Note" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name 
appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons, or 
Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
4. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such 
Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes 
of another Specified Denomination.  
5. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and unconditional obligations of the Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
6. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes, and if applicable any Coupons relating to them remain outstanding, 
the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that its Principal Subsidiaries will not, create or 
permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness 
or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the 
Notes and Coupons equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the 
Notes as may be approved at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. 
The above provision shall not apply to the following: 
(a) 
any Security Interest existing at the time of acquisition of any asset acquired by it after 
the Issue Date and not created in contemplation of that acquisition; 
(b) 
any Security Interest to secure Indebtedness incurred in connection with any Project 
Financing; or 
(c) 
any Security Interest upon any of its present or future assets or revenues which is 
created pursuant to any securitisation arrangement whereby the Relevant Indebtedness 
secured by such Security Interest is limited to the value of such assets or revenues. 
7. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments and Talons). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (as 
well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due 
in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is five days after date upon which the Fiscal Agent has received the full 
amount of the moneys payable and has notified the Noteholders to such effect. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Regular Interest Periods: If all of the Interest Payment Dates fall at regular intervals between 
the Issue Date and the Maturity Date, then: 
(i) 
the Notes shall for the purposes of this Condition 7 be "Regular Interest Period Notes"; 
(ii) 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls shall for 
the purposes of this Condition 7 be a "Regular Date"; and 
(iii) 
each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to, but excluding the 
next succeeding Regular Date shall for the purposes of this Condition 7 be a "Regular 
Period". 
(e) 
Irregular first or last Interest Periods: If the Notes would be Regular Interest Period Notes but 
for the fact that either or both of: 
(i) 
the interval between the Issue Date and the first Interest Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
the interval between the Maturity Date and the immediately preceding Interest Payment 
Date, 
is longer or shorter than a Regular Period, then the Notes shall nevertheless be deemed 
to be Regular Interest Period Notes, provided, however, that if the interval between the 
Maturity Date and the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date is longer or shorter 
than a Regular Period, the day and month on which the Maturity Date falls shall not be 
a "Regular Date". 
(f) 
Irregular interest amount: If the Notes are Regular Interest Period Notes, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of each Note for any period which is not a Regular Period shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the principal amount of such Note, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Day Count Fraction: In respect of any period which is not a Regular Period the relevant day 
count fraction (the "Day Count Fraction") shall be determined in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
if the Day Count Fraction is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 30/360, the 
relevant Day Count Fraction will be the number of days in the relevant period 
(calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days consisting of 12 months of 30 days each 
and, in the case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed) divided by 
360;

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
(ii) 
if the Day Count Fraction is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) and the relevant period falls during a Regular Period, the relevant Day Count 
Fraction will be the number of days in the relevant period divided by the product of (A) 
the number of days in the Regular Period in which the relevant period falls and (B) the 
number of Regular Periods in any period of one year; and 
(i) 
if the Day Count Fraction is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) and the relevant period begins in one Regular Period 
and ends in the next succeeding Regular Period, interest will be calculated on 
the basis of the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in the relevant period falling within the first such Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in the first such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any period of one year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in the relevant period falling within the second such Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in the second such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any period of one year. 
(h) 
Number of days: For the purposes of this Condition 7, unless the Day Count Fraction is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being 30/360 (in which case the provisions of paragraph (g)(i) 
above shall apply), the number of days in any period shall be calculated on the basis of actual 
calendar days from and including the first day of the relevant period to but excluding the last 
day of the relevant period. 
8. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments and Talons). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case 
of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five days after the date upon which the Fiscal Agent has 
received the full amount of the moneys payable and has notified the Noteholders to such effect). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination-IBOR: If Screen Rate Determination-IBOR is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic means of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate (or as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(v) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 8(c). 
(1) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
8(c)(v)(2)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 8(c)(v)(3)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8(c)(v)(4)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8(c)(v) 
shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of manifest error 
or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Condition 8(c)(v)). 
(2) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 8(c)(v)(3)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 8(c)(v)); or  
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 8(c)(v)(3)) subsequently be used in

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 8(c)(v)). 
(3) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable). 
(4) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 8(c)(v) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) that amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days 
or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8(c)(v)(5)), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 8(c)(v)(4), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(5) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8(c)(v)). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(6) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to 
the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following 
Interest Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has been 
appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the Original Reference Rate will 
continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest 
on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes will continue to apply to such determination, provided that such

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead to apply the Rate of 
Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at 
any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 
8(c)(v)), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and 
notified in accordance with this Condition 8(c)(v)) (and, until such 
determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions 
provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in Condition 8(c)(v)), will 
continue to apply). 
(7) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 8(c)(v)): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive 
or negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, 
in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor 
Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital market for transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may 
be, the Successor Rate); or 
c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an 
alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 8(c)(v) and which is 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period (if there is 
such a customary market usage at such time) and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate: 
a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) 
the date falling six (6) months prior to the date specified in 
(b)(i); 
c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the 
date falling six (6) months prior to the date specified in (d)(i);  
e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six (6) 
months;  
f) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference 
Rate is or will, on or before a specified future date, be no 
longer representative of an underlying market and (ii) the date 
falling six (6) months prior to the date specified in (f)(i); 
g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent 
or such other party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as 
applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulations, 
if applicable); or 
h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulations of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted.  
"EU Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 of 
8 June 2016, as amended or superseded. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing 
with appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense under Condition 8(c)(v)(1). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); 
or 
b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank 
for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), 
(iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among 
those successor or replacement rates, the one which is the most 
appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes.  
UK Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 as 
it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination – SONIA:  
(i) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, such Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
Condition 8(d)(ii) or 8(d)(iii) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 8(d)(iv) to 
8(d)(v) as applicable. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Lag 
Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag" plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Observation Shift Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift" plus or minus (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of Condition 8(d)(ii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1]x 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Interest Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in such Interest Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA-Lag only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(v) 
For the purposes of Condition 8(d)(iii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:  
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
 where: 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and including, 
the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA-Shift only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
(vi) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Reference Period or 
Observation Period, as the case may be, the Calculation Bank determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) 
(x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (y) the mean of the spread of 
the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous p London Banking Days 
on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). 
(vii) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 8(d)(vii), the Interest Rate shall be (x) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (y) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the 
first Interest Period). 
(viii) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 14 (Events of 
default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition 
specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes became due and payable 
and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be 
the rate determined on such date. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination – SOFR 
(A) 
This Condition 8(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(B) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In no event will the Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(e): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula 
and other provisions set out in this Condition 8(e) (Interest – Screen Rate 
Determination - SOFR). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this 
reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the Observation Period will be multiplied by 
the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day.  
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect 
of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the 
relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 8(e)(D) 
below will apply.  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment Date 
(or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to, but 
excluding, the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Period, 
the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any earlier redemption 
date, the relevant redemption date); 
"Interest Payment Determination Dates" means the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date where "p" 
has the value ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised 
or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(x) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); or 
(y) 
if the rate specified in (x) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; and 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
 
where:  
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period;  
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i";  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); and  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
(A) 
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines on or prior 
to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) pursuant to this section, including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(x) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(y) 
will be made by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer); and  
(z) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders 
of the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) 
on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with 
the Issuer) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(x) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(y) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(z) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(x) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(y) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(z) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer) giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, 
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Calculation Agent decides, in consultation with the Issuer, that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent determines, in consultation with the Issuer, that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Calculation Agent determines, in consultation with the Issuer, is reasonably 
necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(x) 
in the case of clause (x) or (y) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or  
(y) 
in the case of clause (z) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(x) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the 
central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(z) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence 
of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, 
and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by 
the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; and

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(B) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under this Condition 8(d) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the day specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(iv) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(a) if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(b) if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or  
(c) if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(v) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Averaging 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(a) if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(b) if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Overnight Period 
Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(vi) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(A) numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(B) "Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) "Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(D) "Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(E) "Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(F) "Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
disapplied if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being 
applicable; and  
(G) if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative 
Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference 
to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of 
"Temporary Non-Publication– Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
For the purposes of this sub paragraph (f) (ISDA Determination):  
"Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date", 
"Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Overnight Rate Compounding Method", 
"Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method", "Compounding with Lookback", 
"Averaging with Lookback", "Averaging with Observation Period Shift", 
"Averaging with Lockout", "Compounding with Observation Period Shift", 
"Compounding with Lockout", "Compounded Index Floating Rate Option", 
"Index Floating Rate Option",  "Compounded Index Method", "Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift", "Applicable Business Days", 
"Observation Period Shift Business Days", "Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days", "Lockout Period Business Days", "Calculation Agent", and "Swap 
Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(g) 
FBF Determination: Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(ii) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate” (Taux Variable), 
“Calculation Agent” (Agent), “Floating Rate Determination Date” (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and “Transaction” (Transaction) have the meanings 
given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that Euribor means the rate 
calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more 
fully described in the relevant Final Terms. “FBF Definitions” means the definitions 
set out in the 2007 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments a supplemented by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together the “FBF 
Master Agreement”), as amended, supplemented or updated, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Investors should consult the Issuer should they 
require a copy of the FBF Definitions. 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination-IBOR is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable), the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate (where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable) one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available (as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
relation to the relevant Series in accordance with clauses 8(c) or 8(d), as applicable, above) next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in relation to the relevant Series in accordance with clauses 8(c) or 
8(d), as applicable, above) next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination-IBOR, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. The Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall at all times not be less than zero.  
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the principal amount 
of such Note during such Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction. 
(k) 
Giving of Notices: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents and each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed 
as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to 
any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(m) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest 
basis (the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch Date") 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer 
election to change the interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") will be 
deemed effective upon receipt of a valid notification sent by the Issuer, in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices), to the relevant Noteholders within the period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate 
to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis"). 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(b) 
Application: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 9 
(Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(c) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
10. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount, which shall be the principal amount of such 
Note unless another amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments and Talons). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of France or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 calendar days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; 
or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 
60 calendar days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes were then due. 
In addition, if the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, 
and in the reasonable opinion of a duly authorised offer of the Issuer having knowledge 
of such matters, be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders 
of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained above, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such 
fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall forthwith redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Notes then outstanding, upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder shall be given, shall be the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make payment without withholding for French taxes, or if such date is past, 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 10(b) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If only some of the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed or subject to the 
exercise of an Issuer's option, on such date (i) in the case of Materialised Notes, the Fiscal Agent 
shall make the drawing that is required in accordance with the Conditions and, where applicable, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to send representatives to attend such drawing and (ii) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, such partial redemption shall be made by reducing the aggregate nominal

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Redemption Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise 
Notice") in the form obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the 
Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case 
of Materialised Notes, have attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or 
cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Principal 
Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, 
no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer; 
(f) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer:  
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the 
Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each 
such date, a "Make-whole Redemption Date") redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes 
then outstanding at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Amount. 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined above) prior to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, 
the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date on either an annual or a semi-annual basis using the Day Count 
Fraction (all as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption 
Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation 
Agent to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third 
Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European 
Time ("CET")).

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
"Quotation Agent" means Aether Financial Services. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government security dealers, and 
their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If a 
Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation 
Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption 
Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. The Quotation Agent shall act as an independent expert and 
not as an agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders. The Quotation Agent (acting in such capacity) 
shall not have any relationship of agency or trust with, and, to the extent permitted by law, shall 
not incur any liability against, the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 10(d) (Partial 
Redemption) shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 10(f). 
(g) 
Clean-up call option: If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes of any Series for the time being 
outstanding, if, immediately prior to the date that such notice is given, Notes representing an 
aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. of the original aggregate nominal amount 
of such Series (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any Notes which have been 
consolidated and form a single Series therewith) shall have been redeemed or purchased (and 
subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer other than by way of a redemption at the option of the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 
10(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer). Any such redemption shall be at par together, if 
appropriate, with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(h) 
Redemption on Acquisition Event: 
If the Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and 
an Acquisition Event has occurred, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 18 to the Noteholders within the 
Acquisition Notice Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), at its option, redeem all 
(but not some only) of the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at the Acquisition Event 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. All Notes in respect of which any such 
notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. Concurrently with the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 10(h), the Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate indicating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
an “Acquisition Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer (i) has not, on or prior to 
the Acquisition Completion Date (as specified in the Final Terms), completed and closed the 
acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) has publicly 
announced that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (h) above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Condition 10(i) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, 
in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any 
price, subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. All Notes so purchased by the Issuer 
may be held and resold in accordance with Articles L.213-0-1 and D. 213-0-1 of the Code for 
the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes.  
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its sole option, be held 
or cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes will be cancelled, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. To the extent that the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, the Issuer will inform Euronext about such cancellation. 
11. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes 
shall, in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered 
registered form, be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the 
relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank 
designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the Notes (in 
the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
11(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 11(f)(vi)), as the 
case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque 
payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an 
account denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such 
currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET2 System.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the 
Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such 
offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States 
law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 12 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base 
Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent and the 
Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least 
two major European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and in such other city so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other 
Regulated Market), (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a 
Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by any other Stock Exchange 
on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) below. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relevant Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which 
an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) 
shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the 
Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has 
become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall 
be delivered in respect of such Talon.

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Note. 
(vi) 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 11(f) notwithstanding, if any Note 
should be issued with a maturity date and Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the 
presentation for payment of any such Notes without all unmatured Coupons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to be 
deducted in respect of such missing unmatured Coupons would be greater than the 
Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption 
of any such Note, such missing unmatured Coupons shall become void (and no payment 
shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, upon application of such 
paragraph (i) in respect of such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount 
required by such paragraph (i) to be deducted would not be greater than the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount 
or the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, otherwise due for 
payment (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupons that the sum of principal so paid bears to 
the total principal due). Where the application of the foregoing sentence requires some 
but not all of such missing unmatured Coupons relating to a Note to become void, 
the relevant Paying Agent shall determine which missing unmatured Coupons (or 
proportion thereof) are to become void, and shall select for such purpose Coupons 
maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons 
that may have become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business 
day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business 
Day. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax: All payments of principal and interest (if any) by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or other governmental charges whatsoever imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
France or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: In the event that French law should require that any payments in respect 
of the Notes or the Coupons (if relevant) be subject to deduction or withholding with respect to 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges whatsoever 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of France, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) of such amounts as would have been received 
by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a holder (including a beneficial owner (ayant droit)) which is liable 
to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of its having some connection with France other than the mere 
holding (or beneficial ownership) of such Note or Coupon; 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder who could avoid such withholding or deduction by making 
a declaration of non-residence or similar claim for exemption but fails to do so; or 
(iii) 
in relation to holders of Materialised Notes only, more than 30 calendar days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts if it had presented such Note or Coupon on the last day of such 
period of 30 calendar days; or 
(iv) 
in relation to holders of Materialised Notes only, by or on behalf of a holder who would 
have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note 
or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 
years (in the case of principal) or 5 years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant 
Date in respect of them. 
14. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
and such default is not remedied within a period of 15 calendar days from such date; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 
calendar days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent requiring such default to be 
remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross-default: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any 
originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason 
of default of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness or within any originally applicable grace period; 
provided that (a) the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-
paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency or currencies) and (b) such Indebtedness shall not include Indebtedness 
incurred in connection with Project Financing; or 
(d) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed, of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer; 
or 
(e) 
Insolvency, etc: if the Issuer enters into an amicable settlement (accord amiable) with its 
creditors or a judgement is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a 
judicial transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or, to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, if the Issuer makes any conveyance, assignment or other 
arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors; or 
(f) 
Winding up, etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to a 
Permitted Transfer); or 
(g) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of France has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (f) above, 
then the Representative (as defined in Condition 15 (Representation of Noteholders)), upon 
request of any Noteholder, may give written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office that all the Notes held by such Noteholder are immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes together with accrued interest to the 
date of payment shall become immediately due and payable, unless such Event of Default shall 
have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 14, "Permitted Transfer" means (a) any merger, 
amalgamation or group reorganisation either (i) where the surviving legal entity acquires the 
whole or substantially the whole of the assets of the Issuer and expressly and effectively or by 
law assumes all its obligations with respect to the Notes and has obtained all necessary 
authorisations therefor or (ii) the terms of which have been previously approved at a General 
Meeting. 
15. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically 
for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by 
the provisions of articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de Commerce as amended by this 
Condition 15.  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the 
rights that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the 
provisions of the Conditions of the Notes. 
(a) 
Legal Personality of the Masse 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of the Series 
of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series.  
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation 
to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series.

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or 
replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 15(j). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General Meeting) 
have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests 
of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions  
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), or (ii) 
by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written 
Unanimous Decisions"), or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at 
least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written 
consultation (the "Written Majority Decisions", and together with the Written Unanimous 
Decisions, the "Written Decisions").  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of 
the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 15(j). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of 
Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General 
Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall 
be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 15(j) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the 
General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders 
at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General 
Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General 
Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding 
of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at 
the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of article L.228-64 of the 
French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has 
been appointed 
(f) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous 
Decisions or Written Majority Decisions.  
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders 
without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 15(e). 
Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article 
L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such 
decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in 
one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one 
or more of such Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 15(j). 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision, which shall include the 
text of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as 
provided under Condition 15(j) no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date 
fixed for the passing of such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority 
Decision Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will 
contain the conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders 
who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority 
Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written 
Majority Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the 
Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding 
together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval 
of a Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written 
Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at 
a General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written Majority Decisions may be 
contained in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on 
one behalf of one or more of the Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 15(j). 
(g) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses 
may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(h) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have 
been assimilated with the Notes of such first-mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 17

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
(Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse.  
(i) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes 
of such Series. 
(j) 
Notices for the purposes of this Condition 15 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 15 shall be published 
on the website of Thales (https://www.thalesgroup.com/) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on 
the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain 
Noteholders' approval, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de 
commerce, will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 15(j). Any 
Noteholder will then have the right to request redemption of its Notes at par within three 
(3) months of the date of notification, in which case the Issuer shall redeem such 
Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option 
to submit the proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer 
redemption at par to Noteholders pursuant to Article L. 228-73 of the French Code de 
commerce. Such redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
this paragraph 15(j). If the Masse does not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any 
decision to proceed with the merger or spin-off will be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with this paragraph 15(j).  
In this Condition 15, the expression "outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or purchased 
by the Issuer in accordance with Article L.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier which are 
held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
16. 
Replacement of Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and 
notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the 
case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Further Issues

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the 
Notes provided such Notes and further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all 
respects save for the principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
18. 
Notices 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18(d), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form 
(au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, 
in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times); provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be 
valid if published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located, and as otherwise 
required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located which and as otherwise required by the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published 
as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication as required by Conditions 18(a), (b) and (c) above; except that (i) so long as such 
Notes are listed on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so 
require, notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is/are located 
and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 18 shall not apply to notices to be given pursuant to 
Condition 15. 
19. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one 
half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) 
all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
20. 
Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 20 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning) is 
applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its 
intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, on giving at least 30 calendar days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders and the Paying Agents, designate a date (the "Redenomination Date"), being an 
Interest Payment Date under the Notes falling on or after the date on which such country 
becomes a Participating Member State. 
(c) 
Redenomination: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination of euro 
0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of that Note 
in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the rate for conversion of such 
currency into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the 
Treaty (including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with 
European Community regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer determines, 
with the agreement of the Fiscal Agent that, the market practice in respect of the 
redenomination into euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is different from that 
specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with 
such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed and the 
Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
if Notes have been issued in definitive form: 
(A) 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency (whether or not 
attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from the date (the "Euro 
Exchange Date") on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Euro Exchange 
Notice") to the Noteholders that replacement Notes and Coupons denominated 
in euro are available for exchange (provided that such Notes and Coupons are 
available) and no payments will be made in respect thereof; 
(B) 
the payment obligations contained in all Notes denominated in the Specified 
Currency will become void on the Euro Exchange Date but all other obligations 
of the Issuer thereunder (including the obligation to exchange such Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 20) shall remain in full force and effect; and 
(C) 
new Notes and Coupons denominated in euro will be issued in exchange for 
Notes and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as 
the Fiscal Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the 
Euro Exchange Notice; and 
(iii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date is on 
or after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of the euro, 
payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) 
will be made solely in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
the principal financial centre of any Member State of the European Communities. 
(d) 
Interest: Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 20, where Notes 
have been issued in definitive form, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes presented (or, as the case 
may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
(e) 
Interest Determination Date: If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from 
the Redenomination Date the Interest Determination date shall be deemed to be the second 
TARGET2 Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The competent courts of Nanterre have jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out 
of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will 
credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers 
with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of 
Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, 
see "Subscription and Sale" below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised 
Notes; and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form 
of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive 
Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount 
of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive 
Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised 
Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached 
to them all Coupons in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the Temporary Global 
Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Notes shall 
be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the 
expiry of 40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes 
are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 17 (Further Issues), the Exchange Date for such 
Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 
calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to meet part of its 
general finance requirements. If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is another particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.  
If Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the use of 
proceeds for acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Final Terms will also state the potential use for general financing 
requirements if the Acquisition Event occurs but the Issuer elects not to use the Acquisition Event Call 
Option.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THALES 
Information relating to the Issuer, including its business description, has been incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" in the table therein. 
In addition, the business address of the Board of Directors of Thales is Tour Carpe Diem, 31 place des 
Corolles, CS 20001 92098, Paris La Défense, France.

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF SECURITIES 
WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN 
EU REGULATED MARKET 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (" EU MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance 
distribution, as amended or superseded, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
2016/97/EU on insurance distribution, as amended or superseded, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines on  EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA dated 
5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, " EU MiFID II"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy 
statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Thales 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 29 July 2022 which received approval no. 22-326 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") on 29 July 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which 
received approval no. [•] from the AMF on [•]] which together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
(as may be amended from time to time, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [and the Final 
Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-
france.org) and copies may be obtained from the Issuer.  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [30 May 2017/29 June 2018/1 July 2019/5 August 
2020]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as may 
be amended from time to time, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 29 July 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received 
approval no.[•] from the AMF on [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base 
Prospectus dated [30 May 2017/29 June 2018/1 July 2019/5 August 2020] [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] and are attached hereto. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions and the Base Prospectus 
dated [30 May 2017/29 June 2018/1 July 2019/5 August 2020] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [●]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing 
on the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and copies may be obtained 
from the Issuer. 
1. 
Issuer 
Thales 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be consolidated, 
from a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the existing [insert issue 
amount] Notes due [insert maturity date] issued 
by the Issuer on [insert issue date]/the Issue Date] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●]

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●][one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes] 
7. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
[(ii)] Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/[●]/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] % Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] [●] % Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[●]  
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
[●] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[specify details of any provision for convertibility 
of 
Notes 
into 
another 
interest 
or 
redemption/payment basis] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)] 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF 
ANY) PAYABLE 
 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
"Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Specified Denomination, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 
(FBF) / Actual/Actual (FBF) / other] 
(vi) 
Interest Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●]  
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] [Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payments] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination-IBOR/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination/other] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[●] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination-IBOR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 (ix) 
Screen Rate Determination – 
SONIA: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
–  "p" 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
– Calculation Method: 
[Lag Method/Observation Shift Method/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination – 
SOFR: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[SOFR] 
– "p" 
[•]  
–  Relevant Time 
[•] 
– Relevant Financial Centre 
[•]  
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention]  
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
Reset Date should be the first day of the Interest 
Period) 
 
−             ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Compounding 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
– 
Compounding Method 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
– 
Averaging 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
– 
Index Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Index Method 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
– 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date 
(date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
(xiii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period). 
– 
Applicable Maturity: 
[●] 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
(xvi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
(xviii)  
Specified Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] (specify when the Business 
Day Convention is FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention) 
17.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i)  
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii)  
Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii)  
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods preceding the 
Switch Date (excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 7, as 
though the Notes were Fixed Rate Notes]/ 
[Condition 8, as though the Notes were Floating 
Rate Notes] with further variables set out in item 
[15/16] of these Final Terms 
(iv)  
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date (included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 7, as 
though the Notes were Fixed Rate Notes]/ 
[Condition 8, as though the Notes were Floating 
Rate Notes] with further variables set out in item 
[15/16] of these Final Terms 
(v)  
Switch Date: 
[●] 
(vi)  
Minimum notice period required 
for notice from the Issuer: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / 
[(for Automatic Change of Interest :)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
19. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
more than [●] days] 
20. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
21. 
Make-whole Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer of 
Make-whole Redemption Date 
and Make-whole Redemption 
Amount (if other than set out in 
Condition 10(f)): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Discounting basis for purposes of 
calculating sum of the present 
values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest 
on Redeemed Notes in the 
determination of the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual] 
(iv) 
Reference Security: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(v) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
22. 
Acquisition Event Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Acquisition Target: 
[●] 
Acquisition Completion Date: 
[●] 
Acquisition Event Redemption 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes] 
Acquisition Notice Period: 
The period from [[●] / [the Issue Date]] to [[●]/the 
Acquisition Completion Date] 
23. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount (taxation 
reasons)

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons on an event of 
default or other early redemption and/or the method 
of calculating the same (if required or if different 
from that set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO 
THE NOTES 
 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, 
specify whether bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur) / registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif 
administré) 
/ 
fully 
registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)) 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/If Applicable, give name and 
details] (Note that a Registration Agent may be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes 
on [•] (the “Exchange Date”), being 40 calendar 
days after the Issue Date subject to postponement 
as provided in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
(iv) 
 Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable]  
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Business Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which items 15(ii) 
and 16(ii) relates] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
29. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 20 
apply] 
30. 
Representation of holder of Notes/Masse 
Insert below details of Representative or 
alternate 
Representative, 
if 
any, 
and 
remuneration, if any: 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●]]  
[The Representative will be entitled to a 
remuneration of [●] per year/The Representative 
will not be entitled to a remuneration] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder, it shall exercise all rights and 
obligations assigned by law to the Representative 
and the general meeting of the Noteholders. A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as the 
Notes are held by several Noteholders.] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
31. 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and address(es)] 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)] 
32. 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
33. 
US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the 
Notes; [TEFRA C applies to Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA 
D 
applies 
to 
Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes] 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [Euronext Paris 
and their admission to trading on the Regulated Market of the Euronext Paris /other (specify)] of the Notes 
described herein pursuant to the Euro 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Thales. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted 
from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 84 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 84 - 
36-41037567 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Paris /[●]/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[●] with effect from [●].][Application is expected 
to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris/[●] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●]. 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
(*The exact legal name of the rating agency entity 
providing the rating should be specified.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating 
[Each of [insert credit rating agencies] is 
established in the European Economic Area, 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and 
included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating- agencies/risk) in accordance with EU CRA 
Regulation.] / 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Economic Area and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the relevant competent authority.] / 
[[The rating [Insert legal name of credit rating 
agency] has given to the Notes is endorsed by a

--- Page 85 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 85 - 
36-41037567 
 
credit agency which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] 
[The Notes will not be rated.] 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
["Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i)] Reasons for the offer: 
[General financing requirements]/[other]  
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] (If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use, will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses, state amount and sources of other 
funding) 
 
5. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. ] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Depositaries: 
 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 86 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 86 - 
36-41037567 
 
Any 
clearing 
system[s] 
other 
than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
relevant identification numbers[s]: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
addresses(es]] 
(iv) 
Deliver: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of Initial 
Paying Agents: 
[●] 
(vi) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] 
(vii)        [FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]] 
(viii)      [CFI: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]] 
  
 
 
 
7. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of historic [EURIBOR /SONIA/SOFR] rates can be obtained from [⚫]. 
BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR 
/ 
SONIA/SOFR] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], 
[•] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011), as amended, (the " EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the  EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [•] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Economic Area, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]

--- Page 87 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 87 - 
36-41037567 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP PARIBAS, Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Natixis, SMBC Bank EU 
AG, Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a dealer 
agreement dated 29 July 2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") 
and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the 
form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by 
the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in 
respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if 
TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S 
or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. Notes in bearer form 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and any further Dealers appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered and sold, and will not offer, sell or, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (a) as part of their distribution 
at any time and (b) otherwise until 40 calendar days after the date of issue of the relevant Tranche of Notes, 
only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has agreed and any 
further Dealers appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will have sent to each 
Dealer to which it sells Notes of such Tranche during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of such Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Accordingly, neither the Dealers, their affiliates (if any) nor any 
persons acting on their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to 
the Notes and the Dealers, their affiliates (if any) and any person acting on their behalf have complied with 
the offering restriction of Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an 
offer or sale of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by a Dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or 
sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an applicable exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act. 
In addition, certain Series of Notes in respect of which any payment is determined by reference to an index 
or formula, or to changes in prices of securities or commodities, or certain other Notes will be subject to 
such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealers may agree, as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. Each Dealer has agreed and any further Dealers appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree that it will offer, sell and deliver such Notes only in compliance with such additional 
U.S. selling restrictions.

--- Page 88 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 88 - 
36-41037567 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.  
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution, as 
amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, as 
amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling restrictions addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed (and any further Dealers appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree) that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,

--- Page 89 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 89 - 
36-41037567 
 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
France  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France 
to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of EU Prospectus 
Regulation, as amended, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors the Base 
Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
Japan  
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act") and agrees or will agree, as the case may be, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or 
to other for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan.  
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or 
indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm 
of Euronext (Amsterdam) admitted in a function on one or more of the markets or systems operated by 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. No such mediation is 
required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon 
Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first 
holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form 
between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer 
and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes 
(either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any 
particular Series or Tranche of Notes are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The 
Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. As used herein "Zero Coupon 
Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form (i.e. Materialised Notes) and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum 
against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is 
due whatsoever.

--- Page 90 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 90 - 
36-41037567 
 
Switzerland  
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") as long as such offering is made to professional clients 
within the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or 
in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer represents and 
agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to Belgian Consumers, 
and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base 
Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian 
Consumers. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code 
du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and any 
acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession.  
General 
Other than with respect to the listing of the Notes on such stock exchange as may be specified in the Final 
Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that 
would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation 
thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands 
the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, 
sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will comply 
with any laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer, nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirement in any jurisdiction or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer or, as the case may be, the Dealers. Any such supplement or modification will be set out in a 
supplement to this document. The relevant Dealers will be required to comply with such selling restrictions 
as so supplemented and/or modified.

--- Page 91 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 91 - 
36-41037567 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 22-326 on 29 July 2022 from the AMF. The AMF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for 
twelve (12) months after the approval by the AMF, until 29 July 2023, provided that it is completed 
by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following 
the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to 
the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire 
and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are 
subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading 
on such Regulated Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of 
France in connection with the update of the Programme. 
3. 
For this purpose, on 11 May 2022, the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) authorised, 
for a duration of one year from 11 May 2022, the issue of Notes up to an aggregate nominal amount 
of €2,000,000,000. No authorisation procedures were required of the Issuer under French law for 
the establishment of the Programme. 
4. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the extent known by the Issuer, no conflict of interest is 
identified between the duties of the members of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) 
and the Chief Executive Officer with respect of the Issuer and their private interest and other 
duties. 
5. 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus in the documents incorporated by reference, there has 
been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or of the 
Group since 30 June 2022, and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2021.  
6. 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus in the documents incorporated by reference, neither 
the Issuer nor any of its Material Subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) during the last 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Group's 
financial position or profitability. 
7. 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued. 
8. 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France 
and/or Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Common Code and the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 92 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 92 - 
36-41037567 
 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire 75009 Paris, France, the address of 
Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary). Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed 
either with the Issuer or with the registration agent.  
If the Notes are cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 529900FNDVTQJOVVPZ19.  
9. 
Ernst & Young Audit and Mazars have audited the Issuer’s accounts for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020, without qualification, prepared in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles in France. Ernst & Young Audit and Mazars are members 
of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles and carry out their 
duties in accordance with the principles of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes.  
10. 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer (www.thalesgroup.com):  
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market; and 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and 
any Supplements to this Base Prospectus). 
The Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the form of the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the forms of the Definitive Materialised Notes and the Coupons, 
Receipts and Talons in relation thereto) will be available for inspection at the specified offices of 
the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours. 
11. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and the rate of interest 
applicable to the Notes. It is not an indication of future yield. The yield of the relevant Notes, if 
applicable, will be stated in the Final Terms of the Notes. 
12. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the relevant Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
13. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 93 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 93 - 
36-41037567 
 
14. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references 
to "€", "Euro" or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the 
European Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "pounds sterling" 
and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom references to"¥", "Yen", "yen" 
and "Japanese Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to the "U.S." and the "United 
States" are to the United States of America and references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. Dollars" are to 
the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or its affiliates. Where there is a lending relationship between the Issuer and one or 
several Dealers, it cannot be excluded that all or part of the proceeds of an issue of Notes be used 
to repay or reimburse all or part of such loans. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph, the 
term "affiliate" also includes parent companies. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of 
Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and 
judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may 
influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
16. 
Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and the 
information in such websites does not form any part of this Base Prospectus unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 94 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 94 - 
36-41037567 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
1.1 
Person responsible for the Base Prospectus 
Thales, Tour Carpe Diem, 31 place des Corolles, CS 20001 92098 Paris La Défense, France. 
1.2 
Declaration by the person responsible for the Base Prospectus 
I declare, to the best of my knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and that it contains no omission which could affect its import. 
Thales 
Tour Carpe Diem 
31 place des Corolles 
CS 20001 92098 Paris La Défense 
France 
duly represented by Jean-Claude CLIMEAU on 29 July 2022  
VP, Treasury, Trade & Corporate Finance 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible 
in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 29 July 2022 and is valid until 29 July 2023 and shall during this period, in accordance with 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or 
substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has been given the following approval number: 22-326.

--- Page 95 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 95 - 
36-41037567 
 
NAME AND REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
THALES 
Tour Carpe Diem 
31 place des Corolles 
CS 20001 92098 Paris La Défense 
France 
 
ARRANGER 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, 
S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA  
Calle Sauceda 28, Edificio Asia, Planta 2 
Madrid 28050 
Spain 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
COMMERZBANK 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Kaiserstrasse 16 
(Kaiserplatz) 
60311 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
CRÉDIT INDUSTRIEL ET COMMERCIAL 
S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 09 
France 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
 
HSBC CONTINENTAL EUROPE 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris  
France 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt Am Main 
Germany  
 
J.P. MORGAN SE  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)  
60310 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
  
NATIXIS 
30, avenue Pierre-Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
SMBC BANK EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany

--- Page 96 ---
10235138955-v14 
- 96 - 
36-41037567 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UNICREDIT BANK AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany  
 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
 
CACEIS CORPORATE TRUST 
89-91 Rue Gabriel Péri 
92120 Montrouge 
France 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to French law: 
CLIFFORD CHANCE EUROPE LLP 
1 rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
ERNST & YOUNG AUDIT 
MAZARS  
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie 
Paris, La Defense 1 
France 
61, Rue Henri Regnault, Tour Exaltis 
92400 Courbevoie 
France