--- Page 1 ---
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND 
DEVELOPMENT BANK 
U.S.$ 3,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this preliminary base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), the Eastern and Southern African Trade and Development Bank (the 
"Issuer", "TDB" or the "Bank"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes" on the terms and conditions set out herein, as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will 
not at any time exceed U.S.$ 3,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase as 
described herein. This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus under Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/2019 as amended or superseded, (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of 
the Programme" and to any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the 
Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an on-going basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue 
of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer be to all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank of Ireland"), 
as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme during the period 
of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") 
and to trading on its regulated market. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (each such regulated 
market being a "MiFID Regulated Market") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member 
state of the European Economic Area (each a "Member State"). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin and have been admitted 
to the Official List or, as the case may be, another MiFID Regulated Market as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may make an application for such listed Notes to also be listed on the 
Official Market of the Stock Exchange of Mauritius Ltd or other regulated stock exchange. 
For each issue of Notes under the Programme, the information required to complete this Base Prospectus 
for the relevant issue will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") or in a separate 
prospectus specific to such Tranche (as defined herein) (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under 
"Form of Final Terms" which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the 
Central Bank of Ireland. Copies of such Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectus will also be published on 
Euronext Dublin's website at https://live.euronext.com/. 
Each Series (as defined in "Overview of the Programme - Method of Issue") of Notes to be issued in global 
bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a "Temporary 
Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a "Permanent Global Note"). 
Each series of Notes to be issued in global registered form will be represented on issue by a global certificate 
(each a "Global Certificate") registered in the name of a nominee for one or more clearing systems. If the 
Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note ("NGN") or new safekeeping 
structure ("NSS") form, the Global Notes in NGN form or Global Certificates in NSS form (as the case

--- Page 2 ---
may be) will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the 
"Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form ("Classic Global Notes" 
or "CGNs") and Global Certificates which are not issued in NSS form will be deposited on the issue date 
of the relevant Series with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the 
"Common Depositary"). The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"). Unless they are so registered, the Notes may be 
offered only in transactions that are exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act. Accordingly, 
the Notes are being offered outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act ("Regulation S"). See "Subscription and Sale". The provisions governing the exchange of 
interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in "Overview of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form". 
The Issuer has been rated "BB+" by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and "Baa3" by Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd ("Moody's"). The Issuer has also received an international long-term rating of BBB from 
Global Credit Rating Company (Pty) Ltd ("GCR"). Each of Fitch and Moody's is established in the United 
Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms 
part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The list of rating agencies registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation can be found at: https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. GCR is not established in the UK or in the 
European Union and is not certified under the UK CRA Regulation or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). Neither Fitch nor Moody's has applied for registration under the EU CRA 
Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch and Moody's have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
and Moody's Deutschland GmbH, respectively, in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Each of Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and as such are included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA"), which can be found at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. Tranches of Notes (as defined in 
"Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue") to be issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned 
to the Issuer. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Tranches of Notes to be 
issued under the Programme may be rated by Standard and Poor's Rating Services ("S&P"). Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the 
Issuer. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
of the rating assigned to the Notes may adversely affect the market price of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
Any websites referred to herein do not form part of the Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk 
Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Arrangers and Dealers 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
J.P. Morgan 
MUFG 
SMBC Nikko 
Standard Chartered Bank  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 23 June 2021

--- Page 3 ---
- i - 
 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such other information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers or the Arrangers (as defined in "Overview of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, 
if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors may be subject to law or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
determine for itself, on the basis of professional advice where appropriate, whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and 
(3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk based capital or similar rules. 
 
Neither the issue of this Base Prospectus nor the issue, subscription, offering and sale of the Notes 
constitutes a waiver by the Issuer or by any of its members, directors, officers or employees of any of the 
rights, immunities, privileges or exemptions conferred upon any of them by the Charter of the Eastern and 
Southern African Trade and Development Bank (the "Charter"). The Issuer is, however, amenable to suit 
in respect of its obligations under the Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/927 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or 
superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the current

--- Page 4 ---
- ii - 
 
 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of current domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT OF 
SINGAPORE: Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to 
be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator 
of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the 
date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
THE NOTES ARE NOT AN OBLIGATION OF ANY GOVERNMENT 
This Base Prospectus comprises a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation as 
implemented in Ireland. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents (or parts thereof) which are 
deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This 
Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by 
the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arrangers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to 
U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Arrangers or the Trustee make any 
representation, express or implied, nor do they accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base 
Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by an Arranger the Trustee 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each

--- Page 5 ---
- iii - 
 
 
Arranger, the Trustee and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in 
tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of 
this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
The Arrangers and the Dealers and the Trustee have not separately verified the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements 
should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be 
based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers or the 
Trustee undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor 
in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or, the Arrangers or the 
Trustee. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "Overview of the Programme - Method of 
Issue"), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising 
Manager(s)") (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on 
behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "euro" 
and "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended, references to "U.S. 
dollars", "U.S.$", "USD" and "United States dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America, its territories, possessions, and references to "£" or "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom and references to "CNY" and "Renminbi" refer to the lawful currency of the People's 
Republic of China (the "PRC") which, for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special Administration Region of the PRC and 
Taiwan. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The selected financial data set forth in this Base Prospectus, in addition to the conventional financial 
performance measures established by IFRS, contains certain alternative performance measures (such as net 
interest margin, cost/income ratio, non-performing loans ratio etc.) ("APMs") that are presented for 
purposes of a better understanding of the trend of operations and the financial condition and provides a 
more meaningful depiction for investors of the underlying fundamentals of the Group's business. Where 
used, the relevant metrics are identified as APMs and accompanied by an explanation of each such metric's 
components and calculation method. 
Such measures should, however, not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS. 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained in this 
Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or

--- Page 6 ---
- iv - 
 
 
removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and 
the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
the Notes and shall file such amendment, supplement or replacement Base Prospectus with Euronext Dublin 
and shall supply to each Dealer, the Trustee and Euronext Dublin such number of copies of such supplement 
hereto as such Dealer, the Trustee and Euronext Dublin may reasonably request.

--- Page 7 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................................. 1 
Overview of the Bank ................................................................................................................................. 14 
Overview of the Programme ...................................................................................................................... 16 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ...................................................................................................... 21 
Capitalisation .............................................................................................................................................. 22 
Selected Financial Information ................................................................................................................... 23 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ............................................................................................................ 27 
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form ........................................................ 56 
Use of Proceeds .......................................................................................................................................... 61 
Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ........................ 62 
Description of the Bank .............................................................................................................................. 65 
Business of the Bank .................................................................................................................................. 79 
Risk Management and Asset Quality ......................................................................................................... 99 
Liquidity and Investment Policies ............................................................................................................ 106 
Funding and Treasury and Hedging ......................................................................................................... 107 
Liquidity Risk ........................................................................................................................................... 112 
Capital Adequacy ..................................................................................................................................... 117 
Management and Governance .................................................................................................................. 118 
Departments of the Bank .......................................................................................................................... 130 
Corporate Plan 2018-2022 ........................................................................................................................ 134 
Taxation .................................................................................................................................................... 136 
Subscription and Sale ............................................................................................................................... 137 
Form of Final Terms ................................................................................................................................. 143 
Part A - Contractual Terms ................................................................................................................... 144 
Part B – Other Information ................................................................................................................... 151 
General Information ................................................................................................................................. 154 
Index to Financial Statements ................................................................................................................... F

--- Page 8 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider, 
among other things, the risks set forth below and other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior 
to making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. The risks highlighted below could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, which 
in turn, could have a material adverse effect on its ability to make payments under the Notes. 
In addition, the value of the Notes could decline due to any of these risks, and prospective investors may lose 
some or all of their investment. Prospective investors should note that the risks described below are not only 
the risks that the Issuer faces but are the risks that the Issuer considers to be material. There may be 
additional risks that the Issuer currently considers immaterial or of which it is currently unaware, and any 
such risks could have effects similar to the risks set forth below. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks Relating to Issuer 
Unavailability of Bonds and Syndicated Loans Markets 
The Issuer has traditionally funded its loan portfolio through lines of credit extended by international 
development financial institutions, export credit agencies and other international financial institutions as well 
as through local currency bond issues. The Issuer plans to diversify its funding sources through syndicated 
loan financing and the issuance of international bonds. Any future disruptions or instability of these markets 
could constrain the Issuer's ability to mobilise funding resources and attain its growth targets thereby 
adversely affecting the Issuer's operational and financial performance. 
The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Issuer's business could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's financial position, asset quality and capitalisation and, when fully realised, may materially 
affect the Issuer's loans and advances and profitability 
In addition to affecting the Issuer's shareholders, customers and counterparties, the COVID-19 pandemic has 
impacted the Issuer's business operations and processes. For example, the Issuer has put in place a social 
distancing and strict hygiene regimes as well as bans on travel and visitors to the Issuer's branches, and 
instituted working from home arrangements across all its offices. Such measures may result in increased costs 
for the Issuer, as well as heightened operational risks as the Issuer and its counterparties continue to adapt to 
the COVID-19 environment. 
The impact of COVID-19 has resulted in widespread reductions in commercial activities, significant volatility 
in asset prices, interest and foreign exchange rates, as well as physical disruption to global supply chains and 
working practices. The sudden and profound economic and social impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
prompted a revision of the global economic outlook. 
The COVID-19 pandemic will likely result in a significant increase in the budget deficits and level of 
indebtedness for many of the Issuer's customers and Issuer Member States. This increased indebtedness 
could, in turn, adversely impact the ability of the Issuer Member States and customers of the Issuer to service 
their debt, including debt owed to the Issuer under its COVID-19 crisis response facilities and programmes. 
This could have a subsequent negative impact on the asset quality of the Issuer's loans and advances and lead 
to an increase in its non-performing loans. The Issuer has continuously engaged its customers to monitor, 
evaluate and take the necessary initiatives to alleviate the potential impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the 
Issuer's loan book. Although all due repayments have so far been met, in light of financial difficulties among 
its customers and the Issuer Member States, the Issuer may need to negotiate modifications to originally 
agreed terms and conditions on loan facilities or agree other actions or mitigation measures. Such actions 
may in turn have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's asset quality.

--- Page 9 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Delays or Failure to Implement Business Initiatives 
Under the Issuer's five-year corporate strategic plan covering the period 2018 to 2022 (the "Corporate Plan 
2018-2022"), the Issuer will continue promoting trade and development in the region. The three strategic 
business areas are (a) Project and Infrastructure Finance, (b) Trade Finance Services and (c) Special Funds 
& Agency Operations. These strategic business areas are integral to the successful implementation of the 
objectives of the Issuer. 
Building on its successes and lessons in implementing the Issuer's previous five-year corporate strategic plan 
covering the period 2013 to 2017 (the "Corporate Plan 2013-2017"), the Issuer aims to play a larger role in 
promoting trade and development in the region. Diversification and managed growth will continue to be a 
key thrust during the Corporate Plan 2018-2022. Different initiatives are underway focusing on product 
innovation, efficiency and diversification to improve its coverage and delivery model.  
While a number of initiatives are still underway, their implementation may not be concluded within the set 
timeframes and others may not be implemented at all. Any delays experienced in implementing these business 
initiatives could divert the attention of the Issuer's management, result in additional expense, distract the 
Issuer from pursuing other initiatives or, ultimately, prevent the Issuer from realising the anticipated benefits 
of the initiatives, which could adversely affect the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Relationships with States Facing International Sanctions 
The Issuer is a supranational institution which finances trade, projects and infrastructure within its Issuer 
Member States in the Eastern and Southern African region. Due to its shareholding structure and 
developmental mandate, the Issuer has business and/or shareholding relationships with countries that are or 
were previously subject to international sanctions. Such countries include the Republic of Sudan, the 
Republic of South Sudan and Somalia in particular. 
The Republic of Sudan, (an Issuer Member State owning 4.38% per cent. of the Issuer's total shareholding) 
was subject to sanctions imposed by the United States State Department. On 6 October 2017, the President 
of the United States of America and the Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control 
("OFAC") announced the general lifting of sanctions on Sudan, although EU sanctions remain in place. In 
August 2020, OFAC released a statement that U.S. Persons are no longer prohibited from engaging in 
transactions with respect to Sudan or the Government of Sudan that were previously prohibited by the Sudan 
sanctions. More recently, in December 2020, the U.S. government, removed Sudan from the list of State 
Sponsors of Terrorism ("SST"). The remaining trade restrictions related to transactions involving Sudan were 
subsequently lifted, and further opened up Sudan to the international financial markets to transact freely in 
the U.S. dollar, in U.S. products and with U.S. Persons. There can however be no assurance that EU sanctions 
on Sudan will be lifted or that U.S. sanctions will not be re-imposed. Should the Republic of Sudan be the 
subject of U.S. sanctions once again, this may lead to a deterioration in the country's economic environment, 
which may in turn materially adversely affect the Issuer's operations in that country and/or their shareholding 
relationship. 
The Republic of South Sudan, also an Issuer Member State, owns 1.94 per cent. of the Issuer's total 
shareholding. In March 2018, the United States, through the Department of Commerce, imposed targeted 
sanctions on selected government entities in South Sudan and private companies doing business in South 
Sudan. The Department of Commerce's so-called Entity List does not freeze assets but requires that US and 
foreign companies doing business with those entities on the list to first obtain a licence. The Issuer had no 
exposure in the Republic of South Sudan as at 31 December 2020. Another Issuer Member State which faces 
a variety of international sanctions is Somalia, although the Issuer currently does not have exposure to 
Somalia. Should the Republic of South Sudan or Somalia be the subject of further sanctions by the 
international and/or regional community, this may also lead to a deterioration in the relevant country's 
economic environment, which may in turn materially adversely affect the Issuer's operations in that country. 
Any such sanction could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 10 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
The Issuer's Operating Region Includes Jurisdictions with Heightened Risks Relating to Fraud, Bribery, 
Money Laundering and Corruption  
The Issuer's operating region includes jurisdictions that have from time to time experienced high levels of 
fraud, bribery, money laundering and corruption. For example, certain jurisdictions have been allocated low 
scores on Transparency International's "Corruption Perceptions Index". Doing business in developing 
countries brings with it inherent risks associated with enforcement of the Issuer's legal and contractual rights 
and third party obligations, fraud, bribery, money laundering and corruption. The Issuer has policies and 
procedures in place and codes of conduct and other safeguards designed to prevent the occurrence of fraud, 
bribery, money laundering and corruption. These include policies and procedures designed to assist the Issuer 
in identifying potential investments that are associated with Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs) which are 
then subjected to heightened scrutiny and additional due diligence. However, it may not be possible for the 
Issuer to detect or prevent every instance of fraud, bribery, money laundering or corruption in every 
jurisdiction in which it does business or where its employees or agents are located. The Issuer may therefore 
be subject to penalties and to reputational damage, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Credit Quality of Shareholders May Adversely Affect the Issuer 
Certain of the Issuer's shareholders, namely Zambia and Mozambique, have in recent years defaulted on their 
debt, while others such as Ethiopia may currently be in the process of seeking debt relief. This may affect the 
recoverability of any loans made by the Issuer to borrowers related to or whose credit quality is tied to these 
shareholders. Furthermore, while the Issuer has USD 1.62 billion in callable capital as at 31 December 2020, 
the Issuer's ability to raise such capital in the event of a call being made may be affected by the 
aforementioned debt defaults of its shareholders or their credit position more generally. This poses the risk 
that in the event of financial distress, the Issuer may not be able to raise the full extent of its available callable 
capital, which may in turn have an adverse effect on the business and financial condition of the Issuer and its 
ability to repay the Notes. 
Changes in the Credit Quality of Borrowers/Counterparties and Systemic Risk Effects 
The Issuer's business is subject to the risks associated with its borrowers' credit quality and the recoverability 
of loans and amounts due from counterparties. To mitigate losses upon default, the Issuer requires its loans 
to be secured using various forms of collateral types by at least 1.3 times for projects and infrastructure loans 
and at between 1.10-1.25 times for trade finance loans, depending on the liquidity of the underlying collateral. 
The changes in the credit quality of the Issuer's borrowers and counterparties or arising from systemic risk in 
the financial system could reduce the value of the Issuer's assets and necessitate increased impairment 
provisions. In addition, changes in economic conditions, the health of the economy in the various Issuer 
Member States, or disruption caused by political elections in the Issuer Member States or globally and other 
contagion occurrences like the impact of the current global COVID-19 pandemic may result in the 
deterioration of the value of the collateral held and increase the risk of loss in the event of a default by the 
Issuer's borrowers. 
Unforeseen Changes in Portfolio Growth 
Increased demand for projects, infrastructure and trade financing has led to the Issuer's loan portfolio 
recording significant growth rates over the last five years. There can be no assurance, however, that future 
growth rates will be in line with historical growth rates. Deterioration in the performance of the Issuer 
Member States' economies could affect the demand for projects, infrastructure and trade financing which 
could affect the Issuer's business and results of operations. 
Market, Currency and Price Change Risks 
The Issuer is exposed to various market risks including interest rates, exchange rates and commodity prices 
whose volatility could adversely impact on the value of its assets, liabilities, revenues or expenses. Despite 
the Issuer managing market risks through hedging and the matching of assets and liabilities with similar 
market risk characteristics at the time of originating transactions, there can be no assurance that changes in 
interest rates and currency exchange rates will not have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's financial 
condition and operational results.

--- Page 11 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
The Issuer is also exposed to commodity price risks, especially oil, metals and agricultural goods prices, 
whose fluctuations could have adverse effects on its borrowers and Issuer Member States which, in turn, 
could have a direct impact on the Issuer's financial condition and operational results. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is a primary concern for any financial institution, particularly those involved in long-term 
funding of projects and investments. The Issuer manages its liquidity risk through regular monitoring of 
maturity mismatches between its assets and liabilities and preparation of cash flow forecasts. In addition, the 
Issuer ensures that its unutilised lines of credit which include standby banking facilities are adequate to fund 
its lending operations for at least the next twelve months. This notwithstanding, there can be no guarantee 
that maturity mismatches will not occur which could have material adverse effects on the business, financial 
condition and operational results of the Issuer. 
Currency Availability and Restrictions 
Most of the Issuer's loans are denominated, disbursed and repaid in United States dollars. Notwithstanding 
the fact that a significant proportion of these loans are in support of export transactions, the Issuer faces the 
risk that some of its clients may not access dollars on a timely basis due to foreign currency shortages and/or 
controls in Issuer Member States. The Issuer also faces the risk that local currency depreciation could increase 
the cost, in local currency terms, of its loans which ultimately could impact on the viability of the underlying 
project and the ability of the Issuer's borrowers to service its loans. 
Ability to Call Capital 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had USD 1.62 billion in callable capital. This amount represents the 
maximum obligation of the Issuer's Member States in the event of a call being made in response to financial 
distress. With the exception of the People's Republic of China (A1 rating, Moody's) the African Development 
Bank (Aaa rating, Moody's) and Mauritius (Baa2 rating, Moody's), the balance of the callable capital is to be 
provided by regional Issuer Member States which have below investment grade or no credit ratings. 
Additionally, to mitigate this, it is noted that 51% of the USD 1.62 billion is credit enhanced to investment 
grade status through callable capital insurance issued by Lloyd's of London Syndicate. In determining its 
borrowing limit, the Issuer limits its reliance on callable capital to half of the total callable capital. This 
notwithstanding, there is a risk that the Issuer could experience delays in realising capital calls from its Issuer 
Member States which could adversely impact the Issuer's financial position and business prospects.  
Operational Risks 
As a financial institution, the Issuer is exposed to various operational risks including system disruptions or 
failures, fraud, errors and irregularities by employees and third parties and authorisation and documentation 
flaws. There can be no assurance that operational risks will not occur and the occurrence of such operational 
risks could have a material effect on the Issuer's business, prospects, financial condition and operational 
results. 
Bank Immunity 
Section 3 of Article 43 of the Issuer's Charter provides that 'the principal as well as regional offices of the 
Bank shall be inviolable. The property and assets of the Bank shall be immune from search, requisition, 
confiscation, expropriation, and any other form of interference whether by legislative, executive, judicial or 
administrative action'. Furthermore, Section 4 of the same Article provides that 'the archives of the Bank and 
in general all documents belonging to it or held by it, shall be inviolable'. Up to the date of this Base 
Prospectus there has been an absence of government interference. However, there can be no guarantee that 
there will be no interference by Issuer Member States or that violation through unlawful or arbitrary actions 
by some Issuer Member States will not occur, which could lead to disruption in the Issuer's operations and 
adversely affect its financial position and business prospects. 
Absence of Regulation 
Article 16 of the Issuer's Charter provides that its operations shall be guided by sound banking principles. 
Furthermore, Section 7 of Article 43 provides that the Issuer may hold assets of any kind and shall be free to 
transfer its assets from one country to another and to convert any currency held by it into any other currency 
without being restricted by controls, regulations, restrictions or moratoria of any kind.

--- Page 12 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
The Issuer, being a supranational financial institution, is not subject to any regulatory supervision by a 
national body. The conduct of operations is vested with the Board of Directors which closely monitors 
directly or through its Audit Committee the Issuer's performance, risk profile and capital adequacy. 
Based on the need to protect against increased credit risks associated with projects and infrastructure 
financing in developing African economies, the Issuer's capital management policy aims to maintain a capital 
adequacy ratio of at least 30 per cent. This ratio is computed in line with recommendations of the paper 
prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision entitled "International Convergence of Capital 
Measurement and Capital Standards" dated July 1988 as amended from time to time (Basel I paper) and the 
paper prepared by the Basel Committee entitled "International Convergence of Capital Measurement and 
Standards: A Revised Framework" dated June 2004 as amended from time to time (Basel II Paper). 
Investors should note that there can be no assurance, in the absence of an independent regulatory or 
supervision authority, that the Issuer will maintain its current capital management policy and/or adhere to its 
requirements. Failure to adhere to the current policy or changes to the policy could lead to negative market 
perceptions of the Issuer which ultimately could adversely impact on the Issuer's financial condition. 
Portfolio Concentration 
In line with the experiences of other African supra-national development financial institutions, the Issuer's 
credit portfolio has traditionally exhibited a high degree of geographic and sectoral concentration. 
Country limits: Country limits: Nine countries account for 85% of the Issuer's net country exposure as at 31 
December 2020, (2019: 85%) and efforts are continuing to further diversify the country exposures. The 
Issuer's credit policies stipulate that credit exposure to any one Issuer Member State shall not exceed 30 per 
cent of the total value of outstanding loans.  As at 31 December 2020, Ethiopia, Tanzania and Uganda had 
the highest net exposures at 13 % each. Ethiopia's exposure was down from 17% as at 31 December 2019, 
while exposure to Tanzania decreased from 14%, as at 31 December 2019. Exposure to Uganda was up from 
8% as at 31 December 2019. Other significant net exposures by geography include Zambia (11 per cent), 
Kenya (9%), Rwanda (9%) and Sudan (8%). There can be no assurance that either the economic performance 
of, or political stability in, the countries to which the Issuer is currently exposed or may in the future be 
exposed can or will be sustained. Investors should note that a worsening of current financial market 
conditions in these countries or instability in regional economies could lead to decreased investor and 
consumer confidence, market volatility and economic disruption and, as a result, could have an adverse effect 
on the business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer. 
Sector exposures: As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's largest gross exposure (excluding cash collateral and 
insurance) was at 29% to the Oil and Gas (28%, 31 December 2019), 24% towards infrastructure (23%, 31 
December 2019) and 19% to the agri-business sector (23%, 31 December 2019) of the total portfolio. 
However, after the employment of risk mitigation measures such as cash collateral and credit insurance cover, 
the sector concentrations account for 10% (Oil and Gas), 22% (Infrastructure) and 18% (Agribusiness) (8%, 
16% and 22% in 2019) for the Oil and Gas, Infrastructure, and agri-business sectors respectively and well 
within the set thresholds of 35% for the agri-business and Infrastructure sectors. Exposures to other sectors 
were contained within set limits of 25 per cent. If there is volatility within these sectors, this may have a 
materially adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuer. In relation 
to the oil and gas sector, exploitation and extraction of minerals can cause significant adverse environmental 
and social impacts including permanent ones. If not properly managed, this may negatively impact the quality 
of the Issuer's loan portfolio. In the agribusiness sector, reduction in commodity demand and commodity 
price volatility may also negatively impact the quality of the Issuer's loan portfolio. With respect to the 
infrastructure sector, country and sovereign risk may affect project implementation and delayed project 
implementation may adversely impact the quality of the Issuer's loan portfolio. 
Risks Relating to the Eastern and Southern African Region 
Economic Risks 
Emerging/Frontier Market Risks 
The Issuer Member States are predominantly countries from the Eastern and Southern African region 
considered either as emerging or frontier markets by international investors. Frontier markets are a subset of 
emerging markets that are characterised by fragile economies in nascent stages of transformation. These

--- Page 13 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
economies present international investors with additional risks due to the lack of safeguards and infrastructure 
that investors traditionally find in more developed economies. 
Similar to developing markets, emerging markets and, in particular, African emerging markets are susceptible 
to economic instability and, in certain cases, significant political and legal risks. Investors should also note 
that emerging markets, such as those in Africa, are subject to rapid change and that the information set out in 
this Base Prospectus may become outdated relatively quickly. 
From time to time, the economies of countries in Eastern and Southern Africa have experienced volatility 
characterised by high interest rates, exchange controls, exchange rate volatility, high inflation as a result of 
event risks e.g. adverse weather, wage and price controls and sudden changes in investment and fiscal 
policies. 
Any of these factors, as well as the volatility in the markets for securities, may adversely affect the value and 
liquidity of the Notes. 
Accordingly, investors should exercise due care in evaluating the risks involved in investing in the Notes and 
must decide for themselves whether, in light of those risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, 
investments in emerging markets are only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the 
significance of the risks involved and that possess an understanding of the business environment. Prospective 
investors are urged to consult with their own legal and financial advisors before making an investment in the 
Notes. 
The economic conditions in African countries in which the Issuer operates may have been, and will continue 
to be adversely affected by the global economic slowdown caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which may 
negatively impact the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations 
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is having an indeterminable adverse impact on the world economy, 
including the African countries in which the Issuer operates. In March 2020, the World Health Organization 
(the "WHO") declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. Public health authorities and governments at 
local, national and international levels have announced various measures to respond to this pandemic. To 
date, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, 
lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, and 
increased unemployment levels. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in this first contraction in Africa's 
economy in more than two and a half decades, interrupted intra-regional supply chains, and caused Africa's 
merchandise trade to contract by approximately 17%. According to the AfDB African Economic Outlook 
2021, Africa's GDP growth rate for 2021 is projected to recover by 3.4%, after an estimated decline of 2.1% 
in 2020 (as compared to 3.3% growth in 2019) as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Many 
African countries in which the Issuer operates have imposed varying levels of "lockdowns" and states of 
emergency, as well as border closures and travel restrictions, temporary closures of many businesses and the 
institution of social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states and communities. This has 
contributed to a significant reduction in economic activities, a sharp decrease in commodity prices and 
significant contraction in trade and financial flows, in particular in the private sector, and will continue to put 
a significant strain on public finances across the African countries in which the Issuer operates and in 
particular the Issuer Member States. The most affected sectors included oil and gas, aviation, transport and 
tourism, education, entertainment, electronics, consumer and luxury goods. The duration, impact and severity 
of the outbreak on financial markets may continue to be significant. 
Certain of the Issuer's customers may face financial difficulties as a result of the above, and may be unable 
to meet their repayment obligations to the Issuer, when due or at all. The Issuer may need to negotiate 
modifications to originally agreed terms and conditions on loan facilities or agree other actions or mitigation 
measures.  
The duration, impact and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic is unknown, and the response of the individual 
Issuer Member States is beyond the Issuer's control. While the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the 
regional economy, or the resulting impact on the Issuer's business, financial condition or results of operations 
cannot yet be assessed, this may be materially adverse.

--- Page 14 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Stability of Eastern and Southern African Economies 
African economies have historically experienced significant volatility characterised by slow or negative 
growth, significant inflation, low foreign currency reserves, high external debts, currency depreciation, 
political uncertainty, declining investments and government and private sector debt defaults and have also 
had incidents of wars, riots and outbreaks of contagious disease, including the systemic impact of a global 
pandemic like COVID-19. African economies are also highly susceptible to global economic changes 
including commodity and oil price changes, U.S. dollar interest and exchange rate movements and the 
demand for commodities by developed and emerging market economies. The Issuer's lending activities are 
confined to its Issuer Member States, a region which comprises a number of weak and vulnerable economies. 
Consequently, any adverse changes affecting these economies could have a significant impact on the Issuer's 
credit portfolio, including increased loan impairment provisions, restructurings and loan losses which, in turn, 
could affect the Issuer's growth, asset quality, prospects, profitability and financial condition. 
Reliability and Credibility of Official Data 
The Issuer has relied on official statistics and other data published by central banks, governments and non-
governmental agencies in eastern and southern Africa which may be substantially incomplete or less 
researched and, consequently, less reliable than those published by comparable bodies in other developed 
jurisdictions, on a relative basis. Indeed, official data in most of these economies mainly reflects the state of 
the formal economy and may not adequately gauge the potential of the informal economy. 
Accordingly, the Issuer cannot assure prospective investors that the sources from which it has drawn some 
of the information set out herein are reliable or complete. Some or all of the state entities in the Eastern and 
Southern Africa region may have official data collection methods that are different from those used by 
comparable bodies in other jurisdictions. Investors should be aware that discussions of matters relating to the 
Issuer's operations herein may therefore be subject to uncertainty due to concerns about the completeness or 
the reliability of available official and public information. 
Political Risks 
A number of the Issuer Member States have unresolved political differences internally, with neighbouring 
countries and/or internationally which presents political risks. It is conceivable that in future such political 
risks could have an adverse effect on the stability and economies of Issuer Member States which the Issuer 
is exposed to through lending activities. In turn, such impact could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
results of operations and financial condition. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features 
and the related risks. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Variable rate Notes 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include caps or floors, 
or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their market values may be even more

--- Page 15 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. Should the Issuer decide to issue Notes 
with variable interest rates, investors should note that the Issuer's ability to vary the rate of interest will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to vary the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to anticipate market volatility in 
interest rates, but investors should note that any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest 
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate 
future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could be exposed 
to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing Notes. 
Risks Related to Renminbi Notes 
Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi Notes") may be issued under the Programme. Renminbi Notes 
contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and the liquidity of the Notes denominated in Renminbi may be 
adversely affected. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the People's Republic of China ("PRC") is limited. While the People's Bank of China 
("PBOC") has established Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms through settlement agreements on 
the clearing of Renminbi business (the "Renminbi Clearing Banks"), and are in the process of establishing 
Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions (the "Settlement 
Arrangements"), the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross- 
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC. The 
Renminbi Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose of 
squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square 
for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion 
services. In such cases, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square 
such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no 
assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be 
terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of its Renminbi Notes. 
To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its Renminbi Notes, 
there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Renminbi currency risk.

--- Page 16 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
Except in limited circumstances, all payments of Renminbi under Notes denominated in Renminbi to an 
investor will be made solely by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial 
centre in which a Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi in accordance with the prevailing 
rules and regulations and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Renminbi Notes. The Issuer 
cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a 
bank account in the PRC). Renminbi is not freely convertible at present, and despite a movement towards 
liberalisation of cross-border Renminbi remittances, notably in PRC current account activity, there is no 
assurance that the PRC government will continue such movement in the future or that new PRC regulations 
will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of 
Renminbi into or outside the PRC. 
Holders of Renminbi Notes may be required to provide certifications and other information (including 
Renminbi account information) in order to allow such Holder to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance 
with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the jurisdiction of the relevant 
Renminbi Clearing Bank. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that access to Renminbi for the purposes of making payments under 
such Notes or generally may remain or will not become restricted. If it becomes impossible to convert 
Renminbi from/to another freely convertible currency, or transfer Renminbi between accounts in Hong Kong 
or a financial centre in which a Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, or the general Renminbi 
exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid, any payment of Renminbi under the Notes may be 
delayed or the Issuer may make such payments in another currency selected by the Issuer using an exchange 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent, or the Issuer may redeem the Notes by making payment in another 
currency. 
Renminbi exchange rate risk 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. Recently, 
the PBOC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against the U.S. 
dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This change, and 
others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign 
currencies. The Issuer will make all Renminbi payments under Notes denominated in Renminbi in Renminbi 
(subject to the second paragraph under the heading "Renminbi currency risk" above). As a result, the value 
of such payments in Renminbi (in U.S. dollars or other applicable foreign currency terms) may vary with the 
prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or 
other foreign currencies, the value of an investor's investment in U.S. dollars or other applicable foreign 
currency terms will decline. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of Renminbi 
Inconvertibility, Renminbi Non-transferability or Renminbi Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions of 
Notes), the Issuer is unable, or it is impractical for it, to pay interest or principal in Renminbi, the Conditions 
of the Notes allow the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as 
provided in more detail in the Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments 
may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against 
the U.S. Dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of a holder's investment in U.S. Dollar or other foreign 
currency terms will decline. 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risk. 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. The Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate. 
Consequently, the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in interest rates. If a 
holder of Renminbi Notes tries to sell any Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer 
that is less than the amount invested. 
Gains on the transfer of Renminbi-denominated Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC 
tax laws. 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by

--- Page 17 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") or 
PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. 
The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived 
by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation rules have 
reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. 
of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual holder from the transfer of Renminbi 
Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, apply 
or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of double 
taxation, holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual holders, will 
not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay PRC 
income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty 
between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual holders of Renminbi Notes 
reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in Renminbi Notes may 
be materially and adversely affected. 
Risks Related to Notes Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. If a decision were adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such 
modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this might have an impact on the market 
value of the Notes and Noteholders might lose part of their investment. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, 
agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of 
the provisions of Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default, 
potential Event of Default or Conditional Put Event shall not be treated as such. Accordingly, matters 
affecting the interests of some Noteholders may be outside the control of such Noteholders.  
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus nor whether any such change 
could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Integral multiples of less than €100,000 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination of €100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in 
respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount 
of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk.

--- Page 18 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
There may be no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities, which may not be widely distributed and may have 
no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not 
be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes issued under the Programme will (unless they are to be consolidated into a single Series with any Notes 
previously issued) be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no 
active trading market. Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest 
rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market 
conditions (which continue at the date of this Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity 
in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors 
suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the performance of the assets 
of the Issuer. The Issuer cannot predict if any of these circumstances will change and whether, if and when 
they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes at that 
time. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: 
(1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes; and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time.

--- Page 19 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency being included in 
such list as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and publication of an updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
Risks relating to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and 
other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. The Benchmark Regulation was published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 and has applied from 1 January 2018 (with the 
exception of provisions specified in Article 59 (mainly on critical benchmarks) that have applied since 30 
June 2016). The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR and 
EURIBOR or another "benchmark" rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
"benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes 
could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. In addition, the Benchmark Regulation stipulates 
that each administrator of a "benchmark" regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent authority 
of the Member State where such administrator is located. There is a risk that administrators of certain 
"benchmarks" will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from continuing to provide such 
"benchmarks". Other administrators may cease to administer certain "benchmarks" because of the additional 
costs of compliance with the Benchmark Regulation and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated 
therewith. There is also a risk that certain benchmarks may continue to be administered but may in time 
become obsolete. The sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant 
active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) 
for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The UK FCA has indicated through a 
series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be 
guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that all 35 LIBOR settings currently published 
by ICE Benchmark Administration will either cease to be provided or will no longer be representative 
immediately after (as applicable to the particular LIBOR benchmark) 31 December 2021, 29 December 2022 
or 30 June 2023. The Bank of England and the FCA had previously announced, on 29 November 2017, that 
from January 2018, its Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates had been mandated with implementing a 
broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") across sterling bond, loan and 
derivative markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end 
of 2021. 
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology and to 
provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted 
by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates 
recommended Euro Short-term Rate ("€STR") as the new risk free rate. €STR was first published by the 
ECB on 2 October 2019. Meanwhile, EURIBOR underwent a methodological reform in 2019 to make it 
compliant with the regulatory requirements outlined in the EU Benchmark Regulation. It is now determined 
using a hybrid methodology rather than a purely quote-based method. Following a testing phase and public

--- Page 20 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
consultations, the hybrid methodology became applicable at the end of 2019, and the European Money 
Markets Institute has received authorisation from the competent authority, meaning that the benchmark can 
continue to be used for new and legacy contracts after 3 January 2022. Nevertheless, the long-term 
sustainability of EURIBOR depends on factors such as the continued willingness of the panel of contributing 
banks to support it, the support of the regulator and the administrator and/or whether or not there is sufficient 
activity in its underlying market. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks 
may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. Furthermore, even prior 
to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to 
potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant 
Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the 
setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE BANK 
The Bank was established by charter on 6 November 1985 (the "Charter"), pursuant to chapter 9 of the treaty 
establishing the Preferential Trade Area (the "PTA") for Eastern and Southern African States. TDB is a 
multilateral treaty organisation. The PTA has since been transformed into the Common Market for Eastern 
and Southern African States ("COMESA"), which is a Regional Economic Community ("REC"), whose 
membership includes 19 countries in Northern, Eastern and Southern Africa. On 10 June 2015, COMESA, 
along with the East African Community ("EAC") and the Southern African Development Community 
("SADC") (which are two other RECs) launched the Tripartite Free Trade Area ("TFTA") as a precursor to 
the African Union's ("AU") continent-wide free trade area, the African Continental Free Trade Area 
("AfCFTA") to be established under the African Continental Free Trade Agreement ("AfCFTA 
Agreement") legal framework. Negotiations for the establishment of the AfCFTA started on 15 June 2015. 
During the official opening ceremony of the 10th Extraordinary Summit of the AU Assembly of Heads of 
State and Government held on 21 March 2018, in Kigali, Republic of Rwanda, 44 AU member states signed 
the AfCFTA Agreement. On 23 April 2019, Republic of The Gambia ratified the AfCFTA Agreement, 
resulting in the minimum threshold being reached to enable the AfCFTA Agreement to come into force. The 
aim of the AfCFTA is to create a single market across all 55 member states of the AU followed by free 
movement and a single currency union. In terms of numbers of participating countries, the AfCFTA will be 
the world's largest free trade area since the formation of the World Trade Organization. As at 20 April 2021, 
36 African countries have ratified the AfCFTA Agreement.  
The Bank's vision is to become a leading development finance institution of the TFTA region and an 
important player within the wider context of the AfCFTA advancing the economic development, integration 
and prosperity of its Issuer Member States. The Bank's mission is to be at the forefront of extending 
development capital and services to advance regional growth and integration through customer focused and 
innovative financing instruments. The Bank is similar in structure to other supranational trade and 
development banks, such as the African Development Bank, the African Export-Import Bank and the East 
African Development Bank. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has the following shareholders: Burundi, Comoros, the 
Democratic Republic of Congo, Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Madagascar, Malawi, Mauritius, 
Mozambique, Rwanda, Seychelles, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, eSwatini, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia and 
Zimbabwe. It also has the People's Republic of China (represented by the People's Bank of China) and the 
Republic of Belarus (represented by the JSC Development Bank of Belarus) as non-regional member 
countries. The Bank also counts the African Development Bank, the Arab Bank for Economic Development 
in Africa, the National Pension Fund of Mauritius, Mauritian Eagle Insurance Company Ltd, Rwanda Social 
Security Board, Seychelles Pension Fund, Africa Reinsurance Corporation, PTA Reinsurance Company, 
Banco Nacional de Investimento, National Social Security Fund Uganda, OPEC Fund, Investment Fund for 
Developing Countries (Denmark), African Economic Research Consortium, Caisse Nationale de Sécurité 
Sociale (Djibouti), SACOS Group Limited TDB Staff Provident Fund and TDB Directors and Select 
Stakeholders Provident Fund as institutional shareholders. Under its Corporate Plan 2018-2022, the Bank's 
aim is to further expand its membership base. 
The Bank offers a broad range of products and services, across both the private and public sectors, including 
long term and short-term debt, advisory, syndication services, equity and quasi-equity as well as guarantees. 
The Bank's investments range from, amongst others, agriculture, trade, industry, infrastructure, energy and 
tourism, and are made on a commercial basis and sustainability principles. As part of the Corporate Plan 
2018-2022, the Bank has revitalised its commitment to asset management by creating a dedicated function 
in respect thereof. The purpose of this business line is to diversify the Bank's income streams (generating 
more fee income) and facilitate reaching new markets and clients for broader development impact. The 
Mauritian-domiciled Eastern and Southern African Trade Fund ("ESATF") was launched in August 2019. 
Eastern and Southern African Trade Advisers Limited ("ESATAL"), which is the fund management 
company in respect of ESATF, is domiciled in Mauritius and is structured as a joint venture between the 
Bank (approximately 50 per cent. + 1 share) and GML Capital (approximately 50 per cent. - 1 share).  
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank's assets totalled USD 7.25 billion. This represents growth at an 
approximate compound annual growth rate of 13 per cent. since 2014, and indicates the Bank's commitment 
to development and growth within its stated objectives. 
Since its establishment in 1985, the Bank's principal office has been located in Bujumbura (Burundi). In 
recognition of the existing domicilium of the Bank's special purpose funds in Mauritius, the Bank's Board of

--- Page 22 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
Governors, on the recommendation of the Board of Directors, approved an upgrade of the Bank's office in 
Mauritius into a second principal office of the Bank, alongside the Republic of Burundi in 2017. The aim 
was to leverage on Mauritius' well regarded domicillium for funds and financial institutions in the COMESA 
region and the Bank's Mauritius principal office would serve as a centre for funds management, fundraising 
and regional operations as well as coordination, common corporate support and business continuity. 
Additionally, this has enhanced the risk profile of the Bank which is now also formally domiciled in an 
investment grade Member State. 
In addition to its two principal offices, the Bank also has a regional and operation hub in Nairobi (Kenya), 
regional offices in Harare (Zimbabwe) and Addis Ababa (Ethiopia), and a country office in Kinshasa 
(Democratic Republic of the Congo), in line with its decentralisation and partnership strategy to better service 
the vast region it operates in, and enhance its portfolio management. 
Since its establishment, the Bank has operated under its legal name "Eastern and Southern African Trade & 
Development Bank" as well as two trading names in English and in French: 'PTA Bank' and 'Banque de la 
ZEP' respectively. At its 32nd Annual Meeting in May 2016, the Bank's Board of Governors approved the 
rebranding of the Bank. Consequently, the Bank trades under one trade name as the Trade and Development 
Bank, with a new logo and a new tagline. The Bank's legal name, "Eastern and Southern African Trade & 
Development Bank", remains unchanged. 
During its Corporate Plan 2013-2017, the Bank attained investment grade status for the first time by a global 
rating agency complementing its investment grade rating of GCR.   
The Bank together with its subsidiaries ("TDB Group") continues to embrace sustainability in all its business 
practices and processes to deliver "triple bottom line" results and high impact to the economies within its 
operating region, and operational efficiency as a key principle evolving group structure with a focus on 
resource optimisation.  
The principal operations of TDB are lending and non-lending operations such as project advisory. To execute 
the Bank's lending and non-lending operations, the Bank's operations are organised into several operational 
departments, namely: (a) Lending Operations (which contains the product specialist business units covering 
project and sovereign infrastructure finance, corporate finance, and trade finance; (b) five (5) regional offices 
and Coverage Departments; (c) Portfolio Management, including work outs; and (d) non-lending operations, 
mainly advisory and syndications. 
Trade and Development Fund ("TDF") is a special purpose TDB Group vehicle established to receive highly 
concessional funds and grants from donors and development partners, separate from TDB, which operates 
on a triple bottom line basis (economic, social and environmental), with a financial dividend set up. TDF is 
similar to the World Bank's IDA and the AfDB's ADF. The TDB Academy is a training and capacity building 
platform, also operating on non-commercial principles, and set up within TDF to support the objectives of 
TDB Group, both internal and external. 
ESATF is also a special purpose vehicle, with the purpose of crowding in greater volumes of trade finance 
funding from private and institutional investors, separate from the balance-sheet of TDB. It is managed by 
ESATAL, set up jointly as a Joint-Venture Company with GML capital, a boutique fund manager based in 
London, UK. 
TDB Captive Insurance Company ("TCI") is a special purpose vehicle established to handle various risk 
insurance cover for TDB Group entities, mainly TDB at this stage. 
TDB Group undertakes asset and capital management and is responsible for providing strategic direction as 
well as governance and functional support (treasury, finance, risk, legal and corporate services) to the various 
strategic business units and subsidiaries of TDB Group, which comprises first and foremost, TDB, as well as 
the TDF, the TDB Academy, ESATF, and TCI, among others under consideration (e.g. CIF). TDB Group 
and TDB have the same Board of Governors and the same Board of Directors. TDF, ESATF and TCI have 
their own boards of directors, while the TDB Academy shares the same Board of Directors with TDF, but it 
also has its own advisory board, TDB Academy Advisory Board. Other special purpose funds/SPVs are at 
various stages of consideration including COMESA Infrastructure Fund ("CIF").

--- Page 23 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer: 
Eastern and Southern African Trade and Development Bank 
Description: .................................. 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: ............................................... 
Up to USD 3,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arrangers and Dealers: ............... 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited 
Standard Chartered Bank 
(each an "Arranger" and a "Dealer"). 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers either in respect of 
one or more Tranches (as defined below) or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" 
are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons 
that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and 
whose appointment has not been terminated) and references to "Dealers" 
are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee: ......................................... 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent: ........... 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Agents: .......................................... 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Transfer 
Agent and the Registrar. 
Registrar: ...................................... 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Method of Issue: ........................... 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable and fungible with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms (the 
"Final Terms"). 
Issue Price: .................................... 
The Issue price will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may 
be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: .............................. 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only ("Bearer Notes") or in 
registered form only ("Registered Notes"). Each Tranche of Bearer Notes 
will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if (i) definitive 
Notes are to be made available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40

--- Page 24 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of 
more than one year and are being issued in compliance with the D Rules 
(as defined in "- Selling Restrictions" below); otherwise such Tranche will 
be represented by a permanent Global Note. Registered Notes will be 
represented by Certificates, one Certificate being issued in respect of each 
Noteholder's entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates 
representing Registered Notes that are registered in the name of a 
nominee for one or more clearing systems are referred to as "Global 
Certificates". Global Certificates representing Registered Notes in NSS 
form are referred to as "NSS Global Certificates". 
Clearing Systems: ......................... 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear, and, in relation to any Tranche, 
such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: .............. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, in the case of a NSS Global 
Certificate or if the relevant Global Note is a NGN, the Global Note or 
NSS Global Certificate (as the case may be) will be delivered to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or 
before the issue date for each Tranche, in the case of a Global Certificate 
which is not issued in NSS form or if the relevant Global Note is a CGN, 
the Global Note representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate 
representing Registered Notes may (or, in the case of Notes listed on 
Euronext Dublin, shall) be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates relating to Notes that are not listed on Euronext Dublin may 
also be deposited with any other clearing system or may be delivered 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery 
has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be 
credited to one or more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the 
name of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies: ................................... 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency as agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers. 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi may be made in 
U.S. Dollars if Renminbi Currency Events are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and a Renminbi Currency Event occurs. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Condition 8(j)". 
Maturities: .................................... 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
any maturity between one month and 30 years. 
Specified Denomination: .............. 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms provided that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes shall be equal to or greater than (i) EUR100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency) or (ii) such other minimum denomination greater 
than EUR100,000 as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank or equivalent regulatory authority in the relevant 
jurisdiction, and any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant currency, as the case may be. Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year will, 
if the proceeds of the Issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: ......................... 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 25 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: ..................... 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest (payable in arrear) determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor provisions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association Inc.; or 
 
(ii) 
by reference to LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN or EURIBOR (or such 
other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"EURIBOR" is the interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone 
interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Banking Federation. 
 
"LIBID" is the London inter-bank bid rate. It is the bid rate that banks 
are willing to pay for eurocurrency deposits in the London interbank 
market. The LIBID rate is derived by subtracting 0.125 per cent. from the 
LIBOR rate that has the same maturity. 
 
"LIBOR" is the London inter-bank offered rate for a currency and period 
displayed on the appropriate page (being currently Reuters screen page 
LIBOR01 or LIBOR02) on the information service which publishes that 
rate. 
 
"LIMEAN" is the London inter-bank mean rate. It is the mid-market 
interest rate in the London interbank market, calculated by averaging the 
LIBID and LIBOR rates. 
Zero Coupon Notes: ..................... 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") 
may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will not 
bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: .......................................... 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits 
the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All 
such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: ................................. 
The Terms and Conditions specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have 
a maturity of less than one year must have a minimum redemption amount 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: ................. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option 
of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders, and, if so, the 
terms applicable to such redemption. 
 
If a Conditional Put Event occurs, the holder of any Note will have the 
option to require the Issuer to redeem that Note (see "Terms and 
Conditions - 11 Events of Default and Put Events").

--- Page 26 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Status of Notes: ............................. 
The Notes will constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, all as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 3 
Status". 
Financial Covenants and 
Information Undertakings: ...... 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 5. Financial Covenants". 
Negative Pledge: ........................... 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 4. Negative Pledge". 
Cross Default: ............................... 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 11. Events of Default and Put 
Events". 
Ratings: ......................................... 
The Issuer has been rated: 
BB+ (outlook stable) by Fitch; 
Baa3 (outlook negative) by Moody's; and 
BBB- (outlook stable) international long-term rating by GCR. 
 
Each of Fitch and Moody's is established in the United Kingdom ("UK") 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). The list of rating agencies registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation can be found at: https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. GCR is not 
established in the UK or in the European Union and is not certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). Neither Fitch nor Moody's has applied for 
registration under the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch 
and Moody's have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH, respectively, in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. Each of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH is established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and as such are included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA"), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in "Overview of the Programme – Method 
of Issue") to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated 
 
Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
 
Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Early Redemption: ....................... 
Except as provided in "- Optional Redemption" above, Notes will not be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - 7. Redemption, Purchase and Options". 
Tax Status: .................................... 
Each Series of Notes and the interest thereon will not be exempt from 
taxation generally but, pursuant to the Charter of the Eastern and Southern 
African Trade and Development Bank, are not subject to any tax by an

--- Page 27 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Issuer Member State (as defined herein). All payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of withholding 
taxes, subject to certain exemptions, all as more fully described in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes - 9. Taxation" below. 
Governing Law: ............................ 
The laws of England and Wales. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: ..................................... 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin and/or a Stock Exchange 
in any other relevant jurisdiction for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to the Official List and for such Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market. The Issuer may make an 
application for such listed Notes to also be listed on the Official Market 
of the Stock Exchange of Mauritius Ltd. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Unlisted Notes and/or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the 
case may be) will state on which stock exchanges and/or markets the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Redenomination, 
Renominalisation and/or 
Consolidation: ............................ 
Notes denominated in a currency of a country that subsequently 
participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union 
may be subject to redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation 
with other Notes then denominated in euro. The provisions applicable to 
any such redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation will be 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: ..................... 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of the Base 
Prospectus, the relevant final terms and any other offering materials (see 
"Subscription and Sale"). 
Regulation S: ................................ 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that 
Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the "C Rules") or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance with 
the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will 
not constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 28 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes on pages 28 to 56 of the Base Prospectus dated 28 February 2017 
relating to the Programme (the "2017 Conditions"), which are available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b024b26b-6758-42c3-9c25-
eaf2ddec5f63.PDF  shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes on pages 25 - 52 of the Base Prospectus dated 14 May 2019 relating 
to the Programme (the "2019 Conditions"), which are available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_ebdd201c-6f65-4cbf-9e6e-
8b0a7b86902f.PDF shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies of the document 
above may be inspected during usual business hours and upon reasonable notice on any weekday (public 
holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered offices of each of the Paying Agents and the Trustee. 
Any information contained in the document listed above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents which themselves are incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus will not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
All documents incorporated by reference have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext 
Dublin.

--- Page 29 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
CAPITALISATION 
The Bank's authorised capital is USD 6,000,000,234, out of which USD 1,000,000,039 accounts for Class C 
share capital. No Class C shares have been issued. 
The following table sets forth the capitalisation and indebtedness of the Issuer as at the dates indicated. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
U.$.$'000 
Borrowings: 
 
 
 
Short Term Borrowings  
2,407,477 
2,465,248 
2,383,254 
Long Term Borrowings  
3,051,524 
2,591,529 
1,782,030 
Total Debt  
5,459,001 
5,056,777 
4,165,284 
Equity: 
 
 
 
Authorised capital  
 
 
 
176,468 ordinary Class A shares (2019 and 2018: 88,234) of U.S.$22,667 each 
4,000,156 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
220,584 ordinary Class B shares of U.S.$ 4,533.42 each  
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
Total Authorised Capital  
5,000,156 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
Subscribed capital 
 
 
 
89,329 ordinary Class A shares (2019: 85,686; 2018: 80,891) of U.S.$22,667 each  
2,024,820 
1,942,245 
1,833,556 
31,014 ordinary Class B shares (2019: 28,110; 2018: 23,099) of U.S.$ 4,533.42 
each  
140,600 
127,434 
104,717 
Total Subscribed Capital 
2,165,420 
2,069,679 
1,938,273 
Callable capital  
1,619,856 
1,553,796 
1,466,845 
Paid up capital  
534,934 
499,107 
461,743 
Share premium  
147,000 
101,868 
60,501 
Proposed dividends  
37,691 
36,313 
31,685 
Retained earnings  
801,280 
721,970 
607,076 
Reserves  
36,137 
30,557 
31021 
Total Equity  
1,557,042 
1,389,815 
1,192,026

--- Page 30 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The Bank prepares its financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS"). 
The following selected financial information for the financial years ended, 31 December 2018, 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020 has been derived from the Bank's audited financial statements. All of the 
following financial information should be read in conjunction with the Bank's audited financial statements 
and notes thereto and with "Management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of 
operations" in this Base Prospectus. 
Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  
Year ended 31 December 
  
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
U.S.$'000 
Interest Income 
  
  
  
On Trade Finance loans and facilities  
189,196 
209,703 
204,323 
On Project Finance loans and facilities  
170,243 
162,720 
125,422 
On Placements  
75,845 
33,303 
31,843 
Total Interest Income  
435,284 
405,726 
361,588 
Less: Short-term Interest Expense  
-58,342 
-91,976 
-86,005 
Less: Long-term Interest Expense  
-135,805 
-129,598 
-112,464 
Less: Other Costs Related to Borrowing  
-11,581 
-5,063 
-6,724 
Interest and Similar Expense  
-205,728 
-226,637 
-205,193 
Net Interest Income  
229,556 
179,089 
156,395 
Fee and Commission Income 
  
  
  
Trade Finance  
35,117 
36,968 
31,206 
Project Finance  
16,650 
35,422 
12,986 
Fee and Commission Income  
51,767 
72,390 
44,192 
Gains on financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
14,200 
16,006 
23,975 
Net Trading Income  
295,523 
267,485 
224,562 
Risk mitigation  
-36,086 
-35,980 
-34,541 
Other Income  
6,198 
6,010 
7,483 
Income From Operations  
265,635 
237,515 
197,504 
Operating Expenditure 
  
  
  
Staff Costs  
-35,055 
-28,220 
-26,960 
Board of Governors  
-151 
-519 
-308 
Board of Directors  
-175 
-809 
-814 
Consultants and Advisers  
-1,851 
-3,799 
-5,952 
Official Missions  
-408 
-2,423 
-2,029 
Business Promotion  
-2,660 
-1,593 
-1,334 
Depreciation & amortisation  
-2,300 
-1,956 
-1,321 
Audit fees  
-56 
-56 
-54 
Other Operating Expenses  
-1,759 
-1,664 
-1,936 
Total Operating Expenditure  
-44,415 
-41,039 
-40,708 
Operating profit before provisions  
221,220 
196,476 
156,796 
Impairment Allowance on Project and Trade Finance Loans  
-60,599 
-41,485 
-23,157 
Impairment of Equity Instruments at Cost  
- 
- 
- 
Impairment on Other Financial Assets  
-363 
-4 
-3,226

--- Page 31 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
Net Foreign Exchange (Losses)/Gains  
-3,211 
-3,682 
-1,088 
Profit for the year / Period  
157,047 
151,305 
129,325 
Other Comprehensive Income  
5580 
-465 
450 
Total Comprehensive Income for the Year / Period  
162,627 
150,840 
129,775 
 _______________  
Source: December 2020, 2019 and 2018 - Audited Financial Statements 
 
Statements of Financial Position 
  
Year ended 31 December 
  
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
U.S.$'000 
ASSETS 
  
  
  
Cash and Bank Balances held with other banks  
1,539,158 
1,382,110 
1,145,918 
Investments in Government Securities  
120,928 
44,898 
- 
Investment in Trade Fund 
52327 
49,997 
- 
Derivative Financial Instruments  
- 
40,049 
54,043 
Other Receivables  
136,818 
120,416 
117,136 
Trade Finance Loans  
3,181,497 
2,935,646 
2,813,398 
Less Provisions  
-96,862 
-70,479 
-79,953 
Project Finance Loans  
2,292,264 
2,146,996 
1,459,918 
Less Provisions  
-67,487 
-40,658 
-30,359 
Equity Investments  
53,987 
51,136 
51,522 
Investment in Joint Venture  
317 
317 
387 
Investment in Subsidiary 
70 
70 
- 
Property and equipment  
29,332 
24,683 
23,710 
Right-of-use assets 
3,348 
3,912 
- 
Intangible assets  
1,999 
1,998 
1,854 
Total Assets  
7,247,696 
6,691,091 
5,557,574 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
  
  
Liabilities 
 
  
  
Short Term Borrowings  
2,407,477 
2,465,248 
2,383,253 
Long Term Borrowings  
3,051,524 
2,591,528 
1,782,030 
Collection Account Deposits  
93,275 
95,823 
119,577 
Derivative Financial Instruments  
41,330 
- 
- 
Lease liability 
1,087 
1520 
- 
Provision for Service and Leave Pay  
9,958 
8,552 
7,829 
Other Payables  
86,003 
138,605 
72,859 
Total Liabilities  
5,690,654 
5,301,276 
4,365,548 
Equity 
 
  
  
Share Capital  
534,934 
499,107 
461,743 
Share Premium  
147,000 
101,868 
60,501 
Proposed dividends  
37,691 
36,313 
31,685 
Fair Value Reserve  
16,294 
10,714 
11,178 
Management Reserve  
19,843 
19,843 
19,843 
Retained Earnings  
801,280 
721,970 
607,076 
Total Equity  
1,557,042 
1,389,815 
1,192,026

--- Page 32 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Total Liabilities and Equity  
7,247,696 
6,691,091 
5,557,574 
 
 _______________  
Source: December 2020, 2019 and 2018 - Audited Financial Statements 
Cash Flow Statements 
  
Year ended 31 December 
  
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
U.S.$'000 
Inflows 
  
  
  
Profit for the year  
157,047 
151,305 
129,325 
Adjustments: 
  
  
  
Depreciation on property and equipment  
958 
973 
899 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 
583 
390 
- 
Amortisation of intangible assets  
759 
593 
422 
Fair value loss on revaluation of equity investments  
- 
- 
- 
(Gain)/Loss in foreign exchange  
-2,175 
-5178 
-16,301 
Increase in provision for service & leave pay  
1,043 
89 
982 
Provision for impairment  
60,599 
41,486 
23,157 
Impairment of off-balance sheet items 
-2,011 
-6,779 
- 
Interest received  
-243,085 
-276,164 
-271,215 
Interest paid  
181,021 
212,690 
182,200 
Management Reserve  
- 
- 
19,843 
Profit/Loss on disposal of property and equipment  
110 
- 
3 
Interest on lease liability 
141 
83 
- 
Profit before changes in operating assets and liabilities  
154,990 
119,488 
69,315 
Decrease / (Increase) in other receivables  
-16,402 
-3,280 
-10,659 
(Increase) in trade finance loans  
-251,227 
-156,131 
-182,556 
(Increase) in project loans  
-145,268 
-687,077 
-194,370 
Increase in hedging derivative instruments-net  
40,049 
13,994 
-54,043 
Increase / (Decrease) in Derivative Liabilities  
41,330 
- 
-4,798 
Decrease / (Increase) in Deferred expenditure  
- 
- 
- 
Increase /(decrease) in collection accounts deposits  
-2,548 
-23,754 
-8,220 
(Decrease) / increase in other payables  
-68,853 
54,270 
-14,023 
Provision for service and leave pay paid  
363 
634 
288 
Interest received  
243,085 
276,164 
271,215 
Interest paid  
-181,021 
-212,690 
-182,200 
Increase / (Decrease) increase in long term borrowings  
-57,770 
81,994 
73,740 
(Decrease) / increase in short term borrowings  
459,995 
809,499 
68,692 
Increase in interest on government securities  
- 
- 
- 
Net cash generated from operations  
216,723 
273,111 
-167,619 
Investing Activities 
  
  
  
Purchase of property and equipment  
-5,716 
-4,324 
-4,979 
Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment  
- 
- 
- 
Purchase of intangible assets  
-760 
-737 
-938

--- Page 33 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
Purchase / Disposal of equity investments  
-48 
-79 
-85 
Proceeds from maturity of government securities  
- 
- 
- 
Investment in joint venture  
- 
- 
-17 
Purchase of Government Securities  
-76,031 
-44,898 
- 
Proceeds from redemption of Government Securities  
- 
- 
57,275 
Investment in Trade Fund 
- 
-49,997 
- 
Redemption of Trade Fund 
447 
- 
- 
Net Cash Used in Investing Activities  
-82,108 
-100,035 
51,256 
Financing Activities 
 
  
  
Receipt of capital subscriptions  
23,638 
37,365 
30,517 
Proceeds from Share Premium  
25,866 
41,367 
7,532 
Payment of Dividends  
-28,652 
-20,209 
-25,049 
Payment of lease liabilities 
-594 
-585 
- 
Net cash from Financing Activities  
20,258 
57,938 
13,000 
Increase / (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents  
154,873 
231,014 
-103,363 
Foreign Exchange (loss)/gain  
2,175 
5,178 
16,301 
Cash and Cash Equivalents as at 1 January  
1,382,110 
1,145,918 
1,232,980 
Cash and Cash Equivalents as at 31 December  
1,539,158 
1,382,110 
1,145,918 
 
 _______________  
Source: December 2020, 2019 and 2018- Audited Financial Statements 
Selected Financial Ratios 
 
  
Year ended 31 December 
  
2020 
2019 
2018 
Cost/Income Ratio  
21.29% 
17.05% 
15.45% 
Return on Shareholders' Equity  
10.28% 
11.47% 
11.57% 
Return on Average Assets  
2.27% 
2.57% 
2.45% 
NPLs as a % of Loan Portfolio  
2.88% 
2.33% 
2.35% 
Impairment Allowance as a % of Gross Loans  
3.00% 
2.19% 
2.55% 
 
 _______________  
Source: December 2020, 2019 and 2018 - Audited Financial Statements

--- Page 34 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) 
issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and 
conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on 
such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. Those definitions will be endorsed 
on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by an amended and restated Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented, the "Trust 
Deed") dated 23 June 2021 between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which 
expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee 
for the Noteholders (as defined below). The Trust Deed may be amended or supplemented as at the date of 
issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date"). These terms and conditions (the "Conditions") include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, 
Registered Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An amended and restated Agency 
Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement") dated 23 June 2021 
has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank N.A., London Branch 
as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named therein. The issuing and paying agent, the 
other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below respectively as the "Issuing and Paying Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which 
expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the "Registrar", the "Transfer Agents" (which 
expression shall include the Registrar) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". Copies of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection in physical form during usual business hours, and upon 
reasonable notice at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and Transfer Agents. 
The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") relating to interest 
bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the 
"Talons") (the "Couponholders") are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice 
of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions of the Agency 
Agreement which are applicable to them. 
As used in these Conditions, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form ("Registered Notes") 
in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon provided that in the case of any Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a member state of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a Prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/2019 (as amended or 
superseded, the "Prospectus Regulation") the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any 
of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates ("Certificates") and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes), each 
Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.

--- Page 35 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
If indicated in the relevant Final Terms, any Global Notes issued from time to time may be intended 
to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This simply means that such Notes 
are intended to be issued in Eurosystem-eligible NGN form or Eurosystem eligible NSS Global 
Certificate form, respectively (as the case may be), in each case deposited with a Common 
Safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
"Common Depository" means a depository common to the ICSDs; 
(ii) 
"Common Safekeeper" means a common safekeeper for the ICSDs; 
(iii) 
"Eurosystem" means the European System of Central Banks as the term is used by the 
Governing Council of the European Central Bank; 
(iv) 
"Eurosystem-eligible NGN" means an NGN which is intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms; 
(v) 
"Eurosystem-eligible NSS Global Certificate" means an NSS Global Certificate which is 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(vi) 
"ICSD" means any or each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
(vii) 
"New Global Note" or "NGN" means a temporary Global Bearer Note or a permanent 
Global Bearer Note in either case where the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Note 
is intended to be issued in new global note form; and 
(viii) 
"NSS Global Certificate" means a Global Certificate where the relevant Final Terms 
indicates that such Note is intended to be issued under the safekeeping structure 
implemented on 1 July 2010 by the ICSDs. 
Save as provided in Condition 2(c) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in respect of 
Registered Notes), each Registered Note shall represent the entire holding of Notes by the same 
holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the "Register"). Except as ordered by 
a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any 
writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name 
a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), "holder" (in relation to a Note, Coupon or 
Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to 
them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Notes. 
2. 
NO EXCHANGE OF NOTES AND TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes 
to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or another 
form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed 
and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the 
case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one 
Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part 
transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not 
transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register 
will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made 
available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of 
the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option 
resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. 
New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person 
who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged 
holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing 
holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) (Transfer of Registered Notes) 
or (c) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes) shall be 
available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or Exercise 
Notice (as defined in Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders)) and 
surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made 
at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom 
delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been 
made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as 
specified in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed 
by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as 
may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as 
it may specify. In this Condition 2(d) (Delivery of New Certificates), "business day" means 
a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place 
of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfers Free of Charge 
Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial 
redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or 
the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the 
period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period

--- Page 37 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at 
its option pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Accrual of Interest), (iii) after any such Note has been 
called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 8(b) (Registered Notes)). 
3. 
STATUS 
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves. The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the 
Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation 
and subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and 
future. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), except for a 
Permitted Lien (as defined below), the Issuer will not create, or have outstanding, any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge, encumbrance or other security interest, upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) (a "Lien") to secure any of 
its indebtedness. 
In this Condition: 
"Permitted Lien" means: 
(a) 
Liens existing on 23 June 2021; 
(b) 
any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its 
banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances; 
(c) 
any Lien over: 
(i) 
any On-Loan Security which is created by the Issuer as security for any On-Loan 
Financing pursuant to which the relevant On-Loan was made available; or 
(ii) 
any On-Loan which is created as security for the On-Loan Financing pursuant to 
which that On-Loan was made available where, "On-Loan" means, in respect of 
any On-Loan Financing, a loan or other form of financing made available to any 
person by the Issuer using the proceeds of that On-Loan Financing; "On-Loan 
Financing" means any financing made available to the Issuer for the purpose of the 
Issuer making any funds available to another person; and "On-Loan Security" 
means, in respect of any On-Loan, any Lien or guarantee created in favour of and/or 
for the benefit of the Issuer as security for that On-Loan; 
(d) 
any Lien arising by operation of law or court or government body in the ordinary course of 
trading; 
(e) 
any Lien securing any financial obligation of the Issuer incurred in connection with a 
Permitted Securitisation; 
(f) 
any Lien over or affecting any asset acquired by the Issuer after the issue of the Notes, 
provided that 
(i) 
if such Lien was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that asset, the 
principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since the 
acquisition of that asset; 
(ii) 
if such Lien is created in order to facilitate the acquisition of the asset, no such Lien 
shall extend to any other assets of the Issuer; or

--- Page 38 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
(iii) 
if such Lien is created in order to facilitate the construction of a building or 
buildings to be owned by the Issuer, such Lien shall extend only to such building 
or buildings and the land on which such building or buildings is/are to be built; and 
(g) 
Liens in respect of indebtedness up to a maximum of USD 30,000,000. 
"Permitted Securitisation" means any transaction or series of transactions where 
indebtedness is incurred by the Issuer in connection with a securitisation of assets or 
factoring of receivables where the recourse of the provider(s) of that indebtedness is 
principally limited to those assets and or receivables, provided that, the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of such financial obligation does not at the time of incurrence 
exceed 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer (as determined by reference 
to the latest available audited financial statements of the Issuer), save that where the 
outstanding principal amount of indebtedness under any existing Permitted Securitisation is 
to be fully or partially repaid or refinanced with the proceeds of a transaction or series of 
transactions which itself or themselves will constitute a Permitted Securitisation then the 
existing outstanding principal amount of indebtedness to be repaid will not be taken into 
account for the purpose of the foregoing determination. 
5. 
FINANCIAL COVENANTS 
5.1 
Capital Adequacy and Tangible Net Worth 
The Issuer shall ensure that: 
(a) 
it maintains a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 12 per cent. of capital against risk weighted 
assets calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Basel Paper; and 
(b) 
its Tangible Net Worth shall not be less than USD 200,000,000. 
In this Condition 5 (Financial Covenants): 
"Basel Paper" means the paper entitled "International Convergence of Capital Measurement and 
Capital Standards: A Revised Framework - Comprehensive Version" dated June 2006 and prepared 
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision;  
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards promulgated by the International 
Accounting Standards Board from time to time and consistently applied; 
"Tangible Net Worth" means, in respect of the Issuer, at any time the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the amount paid up or credited as paid up on the common stock of the Issuer; 
(b) 
to the extent the Issuer's general reserves ("General Reserves") and/or share premium 
("Share Premium") are included in audited financial statements produced by the issuer, the 
Issuer's General Reserves and Share Premium; and 
(c) 
the Issuer's Retained Earnings, in each case as calculated in accordance with IFRS. 
5.2 
Information Undertakings 
At any time that it is required to comply with the Financial Covenants set out under Condition 5.1 
(Capital Adequacy and Tangible Net Worth) above, the Issuer shall supply to the Trustee: 
(a) 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within 135 days after the end of each 
of its financial years, its audited financial statements for that financial year; and 
(b) 
as soon as they are available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each half of 
each of its financial years, after the approval of its half year financial statements by the 
Issuer's Board of Directors, its financial statements for the relevant financial half year in the 
form such financial statements were so approved.

--- Page 39 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
5.3 
No Event of Default Certificate 
(a) 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed to deliver to the Trustee in relation to each set 
of financial statements delivered pursuant to paragraph (a) of Condition 5.2 (Information 
Undertakings) upon request by the Trustee a certificate of the Issuer as to there not having 
occurred an Event of Default, a Potential Event of Default or a Conditional Put Event and 
that the covenants in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) have been complied with since the date 
of the last such certificate (the "No Event of Default Certificate"), or, if such an event had 
occurred, as to the details of such event, in the form set out in the Trust Deed. The Trustee 
will be entitled to rely without liability on any No Event of Default Certificate and shall not 
be obliged to monitor compliance by the Issuer with the covenants set forth in this Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge) and shall not be required to review any financial statements or 
certificates provided pursuant to Condition 5.3 (No Event of Default Certificate) or to 
monitor the timing of their delivery and need not enquire further as regards the 
circumstances existing on the date of such No Event of Default Certificate. 
(b) 
The Issuer is not in compliance with Condition 5.1 (Capital Adequacy and Tangible Net 
Worth) then it shall as soon as practicable inform the Trustee that it is no longer in 
compliance. 
(c) 
Each such No Event of Default Certificate shall be signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer. 
6. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Determination 
or Calculation by Trustee). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(h) (Determination or Calculation by Trustee). Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) may either be shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates 
or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment 
Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which

--- Page 40 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below 
relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal 
to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a 
Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified hereon. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" 
and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"EURIBOR" means the interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone 
interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Banking Federation; 
"LIBID" means the London inter-bank bid rate. It is the bid rate that banks 
are willing to pay for eurocurrency deposits in the London interbank 
market. The LIBID rate is derived by subtracting 0.125 per cent. from the 
LIBOR rate that has the same maturity; 
"LIBOR" means the London inter-bank offered rate for a currency and 
period displayed on the appropriate page (being currently Reuters screen 
page LIBOR01 or LIBOR02) on the information service which publishes 
that rate; and 
"LIMEAN" means the London inter-bank mean rate. It is the mid-market 
interest rate in the London interbank market, calculated by averaging the 
LIBID and LIBOR rates. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either:

--- Page 41 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR, LIBID and LIMEAN or 
Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified hereon as being other than LIBOR, LIBID and LIMEAN or 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined 
as provided hereon. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph 
(x)(l) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies and 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, LIBID or LIMEAN the principal 
London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, LIBID or 
LIMEAN at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered: (i) if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR, LIBID OR LIMEAN at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time); or (ii), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in: (i) if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, 
LIBID or LIMEAN the London inter-bank market; or (ii), if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as 
the case may be; 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the

--- Page 42 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which: (i) if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, 
LIBID or LIMEAN at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time); or (ii), if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Trustee and the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in: (i) if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, LIBID or LIMEAN 
the London inter-bank market; or (ii), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be; 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
7(b)(i) (Early Redemption-Zero Coupon Notes)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 6(Interest and Other Calculations) to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, 
in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, 
in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with this Condition 6 by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
hereon, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless specified hereon, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due 
and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is

--- Page 43 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
available as legal tender in the country or countries, as the case may be, of such 
currency. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, 
unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest 
Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or 
be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two 
or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect 
of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest 
is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption 
Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or 
such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate 
or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such 
rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may 
be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be 
notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant 
authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case 
of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other 
cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date 
or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(b) (ii) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes-Business Day Convention), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 11 (Events of Default and Put Events), the accrued interest and the 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or 
the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the Rate 
of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, the Trustee may, subject to its 
being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, do so (or shall appoint an agent on its 
behalf to do so) (but without any liability accruing to the Trustee as a result) and such 
determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
In doing so, the Trustee shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition, with any

--- Page 44 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and, in 
all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances. 
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a "TARGET 
Business Day"); and/or 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday 
or public holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open 
for business and settlement for Renminbi payments in Hong Kong; and/or 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the 
"Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" is specified hereon, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 
(iv) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified hereon, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌሾሺ360 ൈYଶെYଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ൈሺMଶെMଵሻሿ൅ሾሺDଶെDଵሻሿ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 45 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌሾሺ360 ൈYଶെYଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ൈሺMଶെMଵሻሿ൅ሾሺDଶെDଵሻሿ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌሾሺ360 ൈYଶെYଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ൈሺMଶെMଵሻሿ൅ሾሺDଶെDଵሻሿ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 46 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified hereon, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination 
Date and 
"Determination Date" means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of EU Member States of the 
European Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first 
Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period 
and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless 
otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable 
on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of 
which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date 
as may be specified hereon.

--- Page 47 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is 
so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London 
for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on and including the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period beginning on and including an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless 
otherwise specified hereon. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless 
otherwise specified hereon. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in 
respect of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions hereon. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, 
LIBID or LIMEAN the principal London office of four major banks in the 
London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or 
as specified hereon. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such hereon. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or 
other part of a particular information service as may be specified hereon. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which 
was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior 
approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) 
that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 48 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index 
and/or a formula, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c) 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 11 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated 
as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the "Amortised 
Face Amount" of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none 
is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back 
to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 7(c) (Redemption for Tax Reasons) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 (Events 
of Default and Put Events) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except 
that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of 
the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Zero Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c) 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 11 (Events of Default and Put Events), shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is a 
Fixed Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) (Early Redemption) above) (together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately 
before the giving of such notice that it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts

--- Page 49 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Issuer Member State (as defined in Condition 
9 (Taxation)), or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee (a) a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the obligation 
referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it and (b) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment, and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate and opinion 
as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above, in 
which event it shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified hereon) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such 
redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
The Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all the Note, but not some only, at any time 
during the period commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior to the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date at their principle amount, together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Bearer Notes to be redeemed, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify 
the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, 
to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Trustee may approve and 
in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements and the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, where applicable (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg as either a pool factor or reduction in nominal 
amount or otherwise, in each case at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing 
System (as defined in the Trust Deed) as the case may be. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such 
Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to 
the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or 
(in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar

--- Page 50 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise 
notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or Certificate so 
deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be held by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such 
Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
any such Notes shall be discharged. 
8. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below (and subject to Condition 8(i)), be made against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 8(f)(iv) (Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8(f)(ii) (Unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the 
option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement of the relevant Certificates at 
the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner 
provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
Subject to Condition 8(i), interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on 
the Register at the close of the business day prior to the due date for payment thereof (the 
"Record Date"). Subject as provided below, payments of interest on each Registered Note 
shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder 
(or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in 
the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying 
Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the

--- Page 51 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment, and any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
thereof, any regulations or agreements otherwise thereunder, official interpretations thereof 
("FATCA"), or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation). No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices 
are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the Trustee 
(such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any 
Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents 
or Transfer Agents, provided that at the time of such variation or termination, no 
downgrading of any voting assigned to the Notes shall result and provided further that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation 
to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in at least one major European city, and (vi) such other agents as may be required by 
any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each case, as approved by the 
Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect 
of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes, Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value 
of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum 
of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 52 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate 
representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears 
interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding 
any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Notes or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as "Financial Centres" hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on 
which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Renminbi Account 
All payments in respect of the Notes in Renminbi will be made solely by credit to a 
Renminbi account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial 
centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as Renminbi Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from 
time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of 
Renminbi in Hong Kong or any relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre). 
(j) 
Renminbi Currency Event 
If Renminbi Currency Events are specified in the applicable Final Terms and a Renminbi 
Currency Event occurs and is continuing on a date for payment of any amount due in respect 
of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer's obligation to make payment in Renminbi under the terms 
of the Notes may be satisfied by payment of such amount in U.S. dollars converted using 
the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a Renminbi Currency Event that is continuing, the Issuer shall give 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Replacement of 
Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons) not less than five nor more than 30 days before

--- Page 53 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
the relevant due date for payment or, if this is not practicable due to the time at which the 
relevant Renminbi Currency Event occurs, as soon as practicable following such 
occurrence, stating the occurrence of the Renminbi Currency Event, giving details thereof 
and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms 
(and subject in the case of any determination of the Calculation Agent, to the provisions of 
Condition 6(j) (Calculation Agent)): 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or 
any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of Hong Kong; 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purposes of these Conditions, 
shall exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China and Taiwan; 
"Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in 
Hong Kong, London and New York City; 
"Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date of the relevant payment under the Notes; 
"Renminbi Currency Events" means any one of Renminbi Illiquidity, Renminbi Non-
Transferability and Renminbi Inconvertibility; 
"Renminbi Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order 
to make a payment, if any amount, in whole or in part, under the Notes, as determined by 
the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong; 
"Renminbi Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to convert in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong any 
amount, in whole or in part, due in respect of the Notes into Renminbi on any payment date, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it 
is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
"Renminbi Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from 
an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the 
Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted 
or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); and 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars 
with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for 
settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a 
non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is 
available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all

--- Page 54 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, among other 
things, pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market 
in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC domestic 
foreign exchange market. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page 
so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such 
other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency 
exchange rate. 
9. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within or on behalf of any Issuer Member State or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by a law to 
which the Issuer is or becomes subject. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Issuer Member State other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth 
such day; or 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9, none of the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the Code, otherwise required pursuant to FATCA or required pursuant to any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly 
given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) 
or Coupon being made in accordance with these Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or 
any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Interest and Other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it, (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall 
be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or 
any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed and (iv) 
"Issuer Member State" means any Member State of the Eastern and Southern African 
Trade and Development Bank as determined in accordance with its Charter.

--- Page 55 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the 
case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect 
of them. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND PUT EVENTS 
11.1 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least twenty five per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject, in each 
case, to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give written notice 
to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with accrued interest: 
(a) 
Non-Payment of Principal 
default is made in the payment on the due date of principal in respect of any of the Notes; 
or 
(b) 
Non-Payment of Interest 
default is made in the payment on the due date of interest in respect of any of the Notes, 
provided that such default will not be an Event of Default if the failure to pay is caused by 
administrative or technical error and such default is remedied within three Business Days in 
London and Nairobi; or 
(c) 
Breach of Financial Covenants or Negative Pledge 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations under 
Conditions 4 (Negative Pledge) or 5 (Financial Covenants); or 
(d) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in the 
Notes or the Trust Deed which default is certified by the Trustee as being materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and is incapable of remedy (including, but not 
limited to, as a result of the discontinuation of its corporate structure) or, if in the opinion of 
the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days 
after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(e) 
Cross-Default 
(A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer, for or in respect of moneys 
borrowed or raised becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior 
to its stated maturity by reason of any event of default or the like (howsoever described), 
(provided that any such default under any of the Issuer's financing arrangements, other than 
in respect of the Programme or the Notes issued hereunder, which is analogous to the events 
described in Condition 11.2 (Put Events) below must be declared due and payable in order 
for such default to constitute an Event of Default in accordance with this paragraph), or (B) 
any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally 
applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer fails to pay when due (but after the expiration of 
any applicable grace period) any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee 
for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate 
amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or 
more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (e) have occurred equals or exceeds 
10 per cent. of the net worth of the Issuer (as reasonably determined by the Trustee); or

--- Page 56 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(f) 
Enforcement Proceedings 
any expropriation, distress, attachment, sequestration or execution (or any analogous 
procedure) or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against any material 
part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer (other than as described in Condition 
11.2(b) (Government Intervention)); or 
(g) 
Insolvency 
the Issuer is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or 
suspend payment of all or a material part of its debts, proposes or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors 
in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting 
all or a material part of the debts of the Issuer or the value of the assets of the Issuer is less 
than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities); or 
(h) 
Winding-up 
any order is made or any resolution passed for the suspension or termination of the Issuer, 
or the Issuer otherwise ceases to exist; or 
(i) 
Cessation of Business 
the Issuer ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on all or substantially all of its business or 
operations; or 
(j) 
Illegality 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of 
its obligations under any of the Notes, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed. 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that within 14 days after any request by the Trustee, it 
will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer to the effect 
that as at a date not more than five days prior to the date of the certificate no Event of Default has 
occurred 
11.2 
Put Events 
If any of the following events ("Conditional Put Events") occurs, the holder of any such Note will 
have the option (a "Conditional Put Option") (unless prior to the giving of the relevant Conditional 
Put Event Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has given notice of redemption under Condition 7(c) 
above) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase 
of) that Note on the Conditional Put Option Date (as defined below) at its principal amount together 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Conditional Put Option Date. 
A "Conditional Put Event" will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
Breach or Amendment of the Charter 
Any of Articles 5, 6, 7, 26, 27 or 29 of the Charter of the Eastern and Southern African 
Trade and Development Bank (the "Charter") is (i) amended other than in accordance with 
the terms of Article 44 of the Charter or (ii) breached by the Issuer in a manner or to an 
extent materially adversely affecting the Issuer's capacity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(b) 
Government Intervention 
(i) All or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer is 
condemned, seized or otherwise appropriated by any person acting under the authority of 
any Issuer Member State (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) or (ii) the Issuer is prevented 
by any such person from exercising normal control over all or any substantial part of its 
undertaking, assets and revenues, and (in each case) such action has a materially adverse

--- Page 57 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
effect on the Issuer's capacity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. For the 
purpose of this Condition 11.2, "substantial" means at least fifty per cent. of the 
undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Conditional Put Event has occurred the 
Issuer shall, and the Trustee may if it has actual knowledge, and if so requested by the 
holders of at least twenty five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, shall, (subject in each case 
to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give 
notice (a "Conditional Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Conditional Put Event and the procedure for 
exercising the Conditional Put Option. 
To exercise the Conditional Put Option, the holder of a Bearer Note must deliver such Note 
to the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the period (the "Conditional Put Option Period") of 30 days 
after a Conditional Put Event Notice is given, accompanied by a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a "Conditional Put Option Notice"). The Note should be 
delivered together with all Coupons appertaining thereto maturing after the date which is 
seven days after the expiration of the Conditional Put Option Period (the "Conditional Put 
Option Date"), failing which the Paying Agent will require payment from or on behalf of 
the Noteholder of an amount equal to the face value of any missing such Coupon. Any 
amount so paid will be reimbursed to the Noteholder against presentation and surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupon (or any replacement therefore issued pursuant to Condition 15 
(Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons)) at any time after such payment, 
but before the expiry of the period of five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
have become due, but not thereafter. The Paying Agent to which such Note and Conditional 
Put Option Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable 
receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will 
be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in the Conditional Put Option Notice 
to which payment is to be made, on the Conditional Put Option Date by transfer to that bank 
account and, in every other case, on or after the Conditional Put Option Date against 
presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent. A Conditional Put Option Notice, once given, shall 
be irrevocable. For the purposes of these Conditions, receipts issued pursuant to this 
Condition 11.2 shall be treated as if they were Notes. 
To exercise the Conditional Put Option, the holder of a Registered Note must deposit the 
Certificate evidencing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly signed and completed Conditional Put Option Notice obtainable 
from the Registrar or any Transfer Agent within the Conditional Put Option Period. No 
Certificate so deposited and option so exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. Payment in respect of any Certificate so deposited will be made, if the holder 
duly specified a bank account in the Conditional Put Option Notice to which payment is to 
be made, on the Conditional Put Option Date by transfer to that bank account and, in every 
other case, by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of 
joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes on the 
Conditional Put Option Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
If 75 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed or purchased pursuant to this Condition 11.2, the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 30 
days after the Conditional Put Option Date), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase 
of), at its option, all but not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes at their principal 
amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such redemption 
or purchase.

--- Page 58 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Conditional Put Event or any event which 
could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Conditional Put Event has occurred and, until it 
shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may 
assume that no Conditional Put Event or other such event has occurred. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (including 
meetings held by way of video or audio conference call) to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust 
Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting 
convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such 
meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Notes, any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, 
(ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of any premium payable on redemption of, the 
Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method 
or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the 
method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies 
of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 
25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they 
were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any 
modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to cure any ambiguity, inconsistency or 
defective provision, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), 
and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of these Conditions 
or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or Couponholders. Any such modification, 
authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if 
the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable. 
(c) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred 
to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a

--- Page 59 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
13. 
ENFORCEMENT 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, only the Trustee may, at its discretion and 
without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the 
terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need not take any such proceedings or 
any other steps or actions in relation to the Trust Deed or the Notes unless (a) it shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least 
one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly 
against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a 
reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
14. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility including relieving it from taking proceedings unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Trustee is not obliged or required to take any action under 
the Trust Deed which may involve it in incurring any personal liability or expense unless 
indemnified, secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Trustee is entitled to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer and any entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any 
profit. 
The Trustee may rely without liability to Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, confirmation or 
certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other 
expert, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited (by its 
terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or any other person or 
in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may 
accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report, confirmation or certificate or advice and such 
report, confirmation or certificate or advice shall be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Noteholders. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the Trustee to retire provided that the Trustee has given at 
least three months written notice to the Issuer. The Trust Deed also contains provisions whereby the 
Noteholders may by Extraordinary Resolution remove the Trustee. Any such retirement or removal 
shall not be effective until a successor Trustee has been appointed. Noteholders shall be notified in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of any such retirement, removal and/or replacement of the 
Trustee. 
15. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, CERTIFICATES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by 
the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 60 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall 
be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the 
Notes). References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) 
any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. 
Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including 
the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities 
may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains 
provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other 
series where the Trustee so decides. 
17. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) after the date of mailing, and if any such Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (the "Euronext Dublin"), notices will be published either on the 
website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) or in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times). Notices to the holders 
of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as the Notes are listed on the Euronext 
Dublin, published either on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) or in a 
daily newspaper with general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish 
Times). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly 
given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as 
provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and the arbitration agreement at 
Clause 19(b) (Arbitration), including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
(b) 
Arbitration 
Subject to Clause 19(c) (Trustee's option to refer Dispute to court) below, and 19(d) 
(Jurisdiction of the English Courts) the Issuer agrees that any claim, dispute or difference 
of whatever nature arising under, out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and the Notes, 
the Coupons or the Talons (including a claim, dispute or difference regarding its existence, 
termination or validity or any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Trust Deed (a "Dispute"), shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in 
accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the LCIA (the "Rules") as in force at the date of 
the Trust Deed and as modified by this Clause, which Rules shall be deemed incorporated 
into this Clause. The number of arbitrators shall be three, one of whom shall be nominated 
by the claimant(s), one by the respondent(s) and the third of whom, who shall act as 
Chairman, shall be nominated by the two party-nominated arbitrators, provided that if the

--- Page 61 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
third arbitrator has not been nominated within 30 days of the nomination of the second party-
nominated arbitrator, such third arbitrator shall be appointed by the LCIA Court. The parties 
may nominate and the LCIA Court may appoint arbitrators from among the nationals of any 
country, whether or not a party is a national of that country. Where more than one Dispute 
arises out of or in connection with Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons or the Talons, and 
such Disputes, in the reasonable opinion of the first arbitral tribunal to be appointed in 
respect of any of the Disputes (the "First Tribunal"), are so closely connected that it is fair 
and expedient for them to be resolved in the same proceedings, the First Tribunal may, upon 
application by any party, order that the proceedings to resolve one Dispute shall be 
consolidated with those to resolve any other Dispute. If the First Tribunal so orders, the 
parties to each Dispute which is a subject of such order shall be treated as having consented 
to that Dispute being finally decided by the First Tribunal, unless the LCIA Court decides 
that the First Tribunal would not be suitable. The seat of arbitration shall be London, 
England and the language of arbitration shall be English. 
(c) 
Trustee's option to refer Dispute to court 
The Trustee may, by notice in writing to the Issuer, require that a Dispute be heard by a 
court of law provided that such written notice is received by the Issuer before an arbitrator 
has been appointed in connection with such Dispute. A notice validly issued by the Trustee 
under this Condition 19(c) shall also be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders. If 
the Trustee gives such notice, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 19(d) (Justification of the English Courts) below. 
(d) 
Jurisdiction of the English Courts 
In the event that the Trustee validly issues a notice pursuant to Condition 19(c) (Trustee's 
option to refer Dispute to court) the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the courts of England shall have jurisdiction to settle any such Dispute; 
(ii) 
the Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have 
to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any 
such Dispute, and agrees not to claim that courts of England are not a convenient 
or appropriate forum; and 
(iii) 
the submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not 
be construed so as to) limit the right of the Trustee, in accordance with this 
Condition 19, to take proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor 
shall the taking of any proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and 
to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
(e) 
Immunity 
To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets, property or 
revenues (irrespective of their use or intended use) immunity from jurisdiction, suit, 
enforcement, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, after the making of a final 
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or final award) or other legal process including 
in relation to the enforcement of any arbitration award and to the extent that such immunity 
(whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets, 
property or revenues, the Issuer has agreed not to claim and irrevocably waives such 
immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction and the Charter. 
The Issuer has waived any immunity from jurisdiction to which it might otherwise be 
entitled in any suit or proceedings arising out of or relating to the Trust Deed, and (provided 
that a certificate has been obtained in accordance with the Charter) the Notes, the Coupons 
and the Talons.

--- Page 62 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
(f) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for 
it and on its behalf, service of process in any proceedings in England.

--- Page 63 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
20. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in 
NGN or NSS form (as applicable), the Global Notes or NSS Global Certificates (as the case may be) 
will be deposited on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg (the "Common Safekeeper"). Depositing the Global Notes 
or NSS Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not issued in NSS 
form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN or the Global Certificate is not issued in NSS form, upon the initial 
deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(the "Common Depositary") or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any common 
nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global Certificate 
to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with 
a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Note is an NGN, the issue outstanding amount from time to time of the Notes shall be 
the amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the issue outstanding amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. In the case 
of a NSS Global Certificate, the register maintained by the Registrar shall be conclusive evidence of 
the issue outstanding amount of Notes represented by the NSS Global Certificate. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct 
or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing 
systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly 
be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing 
systems. 
21. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
permitted clearing system ("Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Note represented by 
a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by 
the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, 
subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered 
Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
22. 
Exchange 
22.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Overview

--- Page 64 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
of the Programme - Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes 
defined and described below; and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole or in part, on or after the date which is 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of all Notes of the relevant Tranche (as determined and certified by the 
relevant Dealer (the "Distribution Compliance Period")) upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a 
permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
22.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive 
Notes: 
(a) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(b) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations. 
22.3 
Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, the 
following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the 
Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit 
the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 
3.3(ii) above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer. 
22.4 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
22.5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to

--- Page 65 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be 
exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal 
amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged 
or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global 
Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes or, if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details 
of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base 
Prospectus, "Definitive Notes" means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes 
for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons 
in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive 
Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange 
in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is 
cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
22.6 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 
days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due, 30 days, after that 
on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city 
in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the 
relevant clearing system is located. 
23. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions 
that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and 
conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is an overview of certain of 
those provisions: 
23.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement. 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against 
presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, 
surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying 
Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, 
a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will 
be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. Condition 8(e) 
(vii) will apply to the Definitive Notes only. In the case of payments in respect of Notes represented 
by a Global Certificate not issued in NSS form the Issuer shall procure that details of each such 
payment shall be entered in the records of the Registrar and in the case of payments of principal, the 
nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the Registrar and represented by the Global 
Certificate will be reduced accordingly. 
If the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system 
and represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. In the case of a NSS Global 
Certificate, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the Registrar and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the Registrar and represented by the NSS Global Certificate will be 
reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN or NSS Global Certificate will be made to its holder.

--- Page 66 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make 
the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system or Registrar (as the case may be) shall not 
affect such discharge. 
23.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note or a 
Global Certificate will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years 
(in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 10). 
23.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as 
being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at 
any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of 
Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified 
Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder's holding, whether or not represented by a Global 
Certificate). 
23.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions 
to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount 
of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
23.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note or Global Certificate may only be purchased by the 
Issuer if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest (if any) 
thereon. 
23.6 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note or Global Certificate shall be exercised by the Issuer giving 
notice to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by 
the Conditions, except (in the case of Notes represented by a permanent Global Note) that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of 
an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the 
Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of 
accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
23.7 
Noteholders' Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global 
Note giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of 
Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available 
from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of 
the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes 
in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note 
is a CGN, presenting the permanent Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying 
Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a 
NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be 
reduced accordingly.

--- Page 67 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions may be exercised by the holder of the 
Global Certificate giving notice to the Registrar or Transfer Agent within the time limits relating to 
the deposit of Notes with a Registrar or Transfer Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the 
form of the notice available from the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, except that the notice shall 
not be required to contain the certificate numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has 
been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised. 
23.8 
NGN/NSS nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN or in the case of a NSS Global Certificate, the Issuer shall procure 
that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the 
case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the 
relevant clearing systems or Registrar and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments 
of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note or NSS Global 
Certificate (as the case may be) shall be adjusted accordingly. 
23.9 
Trustee's Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered 
Notes are registered in the name of any nominee or common safekeeper for, a clearing system, the 
Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as 
to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such 
Global Note or Registered Notes and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the 
holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
23.10 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate and such Global Note 
or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that 
Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by 
it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by 
delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note or Global Certificate, except that so 
long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so require, notices 
shall also be published either on the official website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) 
or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is expected 
to be the Irish Times).

--- Page 68 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes shall be incorporated into the ordinary capital resources of the 
Issuer and used in its ordinary operations in accordance with its Charter. 
The proceeds from the issue will not be used, directly or indirectly, to finance projects or transactions 
involving countries, entities or individuals facing international sanctions.

--- Page 69 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS 
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Bank's audited financial statements for the 
years ended 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 (see "Selected Financial 
Information" above). 
Critical Accounting Policies 
The Bank's financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial assets 
that have been measured at fair value, and are presented in United States dollars in accordance with the Bank's 
Charter. The reporting currency is the United States Dollar and most of the Bank's activities are conducted 
in this currency. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting 
estimates and also requires the Bank's management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the 
Bank's accounting policies. The preparation of financial statements involves management estimates and 
assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities within the financial year. Estimates 
and judgements are continually evaluated based on historical experience and other factors, including 
expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
Income from loans and investments is recognised in profit or loss when it accrues, by reference to the 
principal outstanding and the interest rate applicable. Fees and commissions are recognised at the time of 
effecting the transaction. Borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Assets and 
liabilities in foreign currencies are translated to United States Dollars at the relevant rates of exchange on the 
reporting date. Property and equipment are stated in the Statement of Financial Position at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment loss. Intangible assets comprise the cost of 
acquired computer software programmes. 
At each reporting date, the Bank reviews the carrying amounts of its financial, tangible and intangible assets 
to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such 
indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated and an impairment loss is recognised in 
profit or loss whenever the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount. Expenditure incurred 
in relation to borrowings from which the Bank will derive benefits over a period beyond the period in which 
the facility is secured, if material, is capitalised and amortised over the life of the facility. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Interest Income has grown progressively over the past years, specifically to USD 361.6 million, USD 405.7 
million and USD 435.3 million for the years ended 2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively. The significant increase 
in interest income is partly the result of the more than doubling of investment income as well as utilisation 
of USD 1.93 billion raised under the Bank's syndicated loans between 2018 and 2020, the USD 750 million 
from the Eurobond market in 2019, and other borrowings raised to fund the Bank's operations. The enhanced 
resource capacity enabled the Bank to finance a significantly higher volume of transactions under trade and 
project finance. 
Arising from an expanded loan portfolio, project finance interest income grew by 5 per cent. from USD 162.7 
million in 2019 to USD 170.2 million in 2020. Trade finance interest income decreased from USD 209.7 
million in 2019 to USD 189.2 million in 2020, due to the contraction in the average 3-months LIBOR rates 
by 167 basis points, causing a significant reduction in the Bank's lending rate.  
For the years 2018, 2019 and 2020, interest expense was USD 198.5 million, USD 226.6 million and USD 
205.7 million respectively. The 2019 Eurobond issue and the syndicated loans contributed to a significant 
increase in the interest expense recorded in 2019, while the reduction in the LIBOR rate in 2020 contributed 
towards the reduction in cost of funding. In addition to these borrowings, the Bank drew on its short term and 
long-term facilities to fund portfolio growth. Long-term borrowings amounted to USD 1.8 billion in 2018, 
USD 2.6 billion in 2019 and USD 3.1 billion in 2020 while short-term borrowings amounted to USD 2.4 
billion in 2018, USD 2.5 billion in 2019 and USD 2.4 billion in 2020. 
Net Interest Income for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 was USD 156.4 million, USD 
179.1 million and USD 229.6 million respectively, with the annual increases mainly reflecting the growth in 
investment income, portfolio growth during the period and diversification into what the Bank assesses to be

--- Page 70 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
hitherto under-served markets by the Bank. Gains on financial assets designated at fair value through profit 
or loss were USD 24.00 million, USD 16.00 million and USD 14.2 million for the years ended 31 December 
2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively as a result of fair valuation of Investments as per provision of IFRS 9. 
Fees and Commission Income, for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 was USD 44.2 million, 
USD 72.4 million and USD 51.8 million respectively. The decrease in fee income in 2020 is attributed to 
challenges and delays in completing transactions due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Bank's 
operations. Risk mitigation costs (Risk Down-Selling and Insurance) for the year ended 31 December 2020 
amounted to USD 36.1 million compared to USD 36.0 million in December 2019 and USD 35.5 million in 
December 2018. The Risk Down-selling costs represent fees paid to acquirers of loan assets distributed via 
the secondary market. This is in line with the Bank's secondary loan trading and asset distribution activities 
to manage obligor, sector and geographic prudential limits. Down-selling further provides the Bank with 
room to book new assets and generate incremental fee income. Insurance assists the Bank in receiving capital 
relief, as well as serving as a risk mitigant against credit and currency convertibility and externalisation risks. 
Since December 2016, the Bank has been insuring part of its callable capital, providing it with credit 
enhancement and effectively improving the average rating of its key shareholders. These risk mitigation 
measures are considered part of the Bank's overall credit positive initiatives contributing to the Bank's 
investment grade credit rating attainment. 
Income from operations for the years ended 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 
was USD 173.5 million, USD 237.5 million and USD 265.6 million respectively. Net trading income rose by 
10 per cent. from USD 267.5 million in 2019 to USD 295.5 million in 2020. 
Operating Expenses for the years ended 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 were 
USD 40.7 million, USD 41.0 million and USD 44.4 million respectively. Recruitment of new staff to drive 
the implementation of various strategic business initiatives, performance linked pay incentives and the 
opening of new regional offices accounts for the increased operating expenses in the period 2018-2020. The 
annual increases were well below the business volume growth recorded during the period. The Cost to Income 
ratio including impairment was 15.5 per cent., 17.1 per cent. and 21.3 per cent. for years ended 31 December 
2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively and Cost Income ratio without impairment was 9.9 per cent., 8.5 per cent. 
and 9.0  per cent. for years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively.  
Total Comprehensive Income for the years ended 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020 was USD 129.8 million, USD 150.8 million and USD 162.6 million respectively. 
Statement of Financial Position 
Total assets as at 31 December 2020 amounted to USD 7.2 billion compared to USD 6.7 billion as at 31 
December 2019 representing, an 8 per cent. increase. This growth was due to receipt of funds from lenders 
to fund disbursements as well as maintain a healthy liquidity buffer. In addition, there was new lending 
towards trade finance and project finance activities. At 31 December 2020, net trade finance loans amounted 
to USD 3.1 billion and net project finance loans amounted to USD 2.2 billion. As at 31 December 2020, Cash 
and bank balances were USD 1.15 billion compared to balances at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 
of USD 1.4 billion and USD 1.1 billion respectively.  
Total liabilities as at 31 December 2020 were USD 5.7 billion compared to USD 5.3 billion as at 31 December 
2019. Increases in funding required for the growing portfolio accounted for this increase in liabilities. As at 
31 December 2020, short-term borrowings amounted to USD 2.4 billion compared to USD 2.5 billion at 31 
December 2019. Long-term borrowings were USD 3.1 billion at 31 December 2020 compared with USD 2.6 
billion at 31 December 2019. 
Asset Quality and Non-performing Loans 
The Bank's level of non-performing loans ("NPLs") increased to 2.88 per cent. at 31 December 2020 from 
2.33 per cent. at 31 December 2019. The nominal amount of NPLs increased by 32 per cent. to USD 157.6 
million from USD 118.5 million. The growth reflects the increase in credit risk posed by the COVID-19 
pandemic on the Bank's portfolio. 
Loan Recoveries 
During the period, in respect of NPLs, the Bank recorded the following loan recoveries. For details on the 
percentage recovery for NPLs, refer to "Collateral Enforcement" below.

--- Page 71 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
U.S.$'000 
 
Impaired Assets Recovered ........................................................................................  
5,357 
5,359 
4,357 
 
Off Balance Sheet Transactions 
In line with normal banking operations, the Bank conducts business involving acceptances, letters of credit, 
guarantees and performances. The majority of these facilities are offset by corresponding obligations of third 
parties. 
The following table sets out the Bank's composition of off-balance sheet items for the years ended 31 
December 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
  
Year ended 31 December 
  
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
U.S.$'000 
 
Letters of credit - Project loans  
2,284 
2,287 
280 
 
Letters of credit - Trade loans  
277,457 
346,981 
161,393 
 
Guarantees  
39,259 
69187 
17,000 
 
Total  
319,000 
418,455 
178,673

--- Page 72 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK 
Introduction 
The Bank was established by charter on 6 November 1985 (the "Charter"), pursuant to Chapter 9 of the 
Treaty establishing the Preferential Trade Area (the "PTA") for Eastern and Southern African States. The 
PTA has since been transformed into the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa ("COMESA"), 
which is a regional economic integration bloc, whose membership currently includes 19 countries in 
Northern, Eastern and Southern Africa. With the formation of the Tripartite Free Trade Area ("TFTA") and 
the recent decision of African Union member states to create the African Continental Free Trade Area 
("AfCFTA"), the Bank has positioned itself as a leading development finance institution of the TFTA and a 
key player within the future AfCFTA. The Bank is similar in structure to other supranational trade and 
development banks, such as the African Development Bank, the African Export-Import Bank and the East 
African Development Bank. 
The Bank's vision is to become a world-class financial institution advancing the economic development, 
integration and prosperity of the Eastern and Southern African Region and its mission is to be at the forefront 
of extending development capital and services to advance regional growth and integration through customer 
focused and innovative financing instruments. 
Since its establishment, the Bank has operated under its legal name "Eastern and Southern African Trade & 
Development Bank" as well as two trading names in English and in French: 'PTA Bank' and 'Banque de la 
ZEP' respectively. In May 2016, the Bank's Board of Governors (the "BOG") approved the rebranding of the 
Bank. It now trades under one trade name as the Trade and Development Bank, with a new logo and a new 
tagline. The Bank's legal name, "Eastern and Southern African Trade & Development Bank", remains 
unchanged. 
The Bank's principal offices are located at Africa FI Place, Lot no. 13, Wall Street, Cybercity, Ebene 72201, 
P.O. Box 43, Mauritius and Chaussee Prince Louis, Rwagasore, P.O. Box 1750 Bujumbura, Burundi. Its 
telephone contacts at those addresses are +257-22224625/ +257-22220313 (Burundi) and +230 460 1500/ 07 
(Mauritius), respectively. The Bank also has a regional and operations hub in Nairobi (Kenya), regional 
offices in Harare (Zimbabwe), and Addis Ababa (Ethiopia) and a country office in Kinshasa (DR Congo). Its 
telephone contact at the Nairobi regional office is +254-732192000, while its telephone contact for the Harare 
regional office is +263-4788330-3/788336-9 and its telephone contact at the Addis Ababa office is +251 11 
518 1730/31.  
Brief History of the Bank 
After establishment in 1985, the Bank went through formative years between 1986 and 1989 during which 
the principal activities undertaken were capital mobilisation, staff recruitment and establishment of various 
operational and policy instruments. Lending operations commenced on a limited scale in 1990 and continued 
until 1994 when political instability in Burundi forced the Bank to relocate its operations to Nairobi, Kenya. 
In its first decade of lending, the Bank recorded mixed performance in terms of financial outcomes and 
portfolio quality. Consequently, the BOG instituted a change of leadership in 2000 and commissioned a 
restructuring study by Maxwell Stamp Plc of United Kingdom whose recommendations were successfully 
implemented between 2001 and 2003. 
Besides the leadership changes, other key elements of the Bank's restructuring were the strengthening of 
corporate governance, institution of checks and balances in the credit processes and the adoption of a new 
organisational structure. The restructuring resulted in a reconfiguration of the board of directors to allow for 
an independent chairman to chair board meetings (previously the President also chaired board meetings) and 
also to allow for the outsourcing of the internal audit function.  
Until 2011, Dr. Michael Gondwe served as President and Chief Executive of the Bank for two terms of five 
years each. In April 2012, TDB underwent a leadership succession process which resulted in Mr. Admassu 
Tadesse, taking over President and Chief Executive of the Bank from Dr. Michael Gondwe who retired from 
TDB employment after 30 years of service to TDB in various roles, notably and culminating as President and 
CEO of TDB, which he served for two maximum terms of five years each and reaching the retirement age of 
TDB (62 years of age). Soon after the appointment of Mr. Tadesse, the next new five-year corporate plan 
was approved by the Board of Governors in December 2012, ushering several new strategic initiatives and

--- Page 73 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
reforms, which set the stage for the repositioning of TDB into a larger, more mature and diversified 
development finance group covering the Tripartite Region, a regional economic community, which brings 
together member countries of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA), Southern 
African Development Community (SADC), and East African Community (EAC), as well the Inter-
Governmental Authority on Development (IGAD).  
As part of the new strategic initiatives, the Bank approved the establishment of Eastern & Southern Africa 
Trade Fund ("ESATF") and its fund manager, Eastern and Southern African Trade Advisors Limited 
("ESATAL") in 2014 pursuant to Article 9 of the Issuer's Charter. These were incorporated in Mauritius in 
2015. In recognition of the existing domicilium of the Bank's special purpose funds in Mauritius, the BOG, 
on the recommendation of the Board of Directors, approved an upgrade of the Bank's office in Mauritius into 
a second principal office of the Bank, alongside the Republic of Burundi in 2017.  
In order to bring its financial services closer to its clients in its Issuer Member States, the Bank adopted a 
coverage model in 2019. The coverage model assumes full ownership of clients to deliver client-centric and 
innovative financial solutions. This hybrid coverage-product driven operating model, is an enhancement of 
the existing structure, aiming to further advance the Bank's diversification thrust, sub-regional presence for 
new business and improved portfolio management. It is also recognised as a drive for diversification and 
business development and enable the Bank to increase its deal pipeline and improve Issuer Member States' 
access to the Bank.  
Diversification 
In order to address the development challenges of its Issuer Member States meaningfully and to react 
appropriately to market dynamics, the Bank plans to diversify its products and also expand its scope of 
sectoral and geographic intervention. This drive will also seek to diversify the Bank's earnings profile from 
interest income to a healthy balance by growing non-interest income. The Bank aims to accomplish this by: 
(a) 
successfully running its operations through its joint venture, the ESATF which launched in August 
2019 with an initial investment of USD 50 million; 
(b) 
growing its alternative investment offering through either proprietary or third-party funds; and 
(c) 
growing syndication/co-investments offering and launching advisory services. 
Regional Outreach 
With a view to effectively addressing its customer needs amidst rapidly growing regional and local 
economies, the Bank has set up regional offices and plans to establish further satellite offices. These offices 
will serve a relationship and origination function by identifying areas of opportunity in line with the Bank's 
developmental mandate, manage more closely the Bank's portfolio of investments to improve further the 
quality of its assets, and continuously engage with its stakeholders. To increase the Bank's footprint in the 
region, the Addis Ababa country office was set up in 2017, and the Bank is currently in the process of setting 
up a Kinshasa country office. 
Recent Developments 
1. 
Strategic developments since September 2018 
As part of the Bank's diversification, Syndication and Deal Structuring functions continue to expand 
their capacity to generate fee income in volumes of transactions, strengthening the Bank's ability to 
further grow its business. Continued efforts to expand capabilities in Asset Management and 
Advisory services are also ongoing. 
2. 
Credit ratings and drivers 
The Bank's current credit ratings by independent credit rating agencies are summarised below: 
 
Fitch Ratings at BB+/Stable Outlook.  
 
Moody's at Baa3/Negative Outlook  
 
GCR's at BBB-/Stable Outlook.

--- Page 74 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
These credit ratings are reviewed annually and are not a recommendation to purchase, hold 
or sell any securities. 
The key rating drivers identified by the agencies which provide the Bank's credit ratings are 
summarised as follows:  
 
Capital adequacy remains solid, despite the significant challenges posed by the 
coronavirus pandemic. 
 
Reasonably solid liquidity position supported by ample cash buffers and new facilities 
from bilateral or other multilateral DFIs to support liquidity and funding profile. 
 
Resilient asset quality despite uptick in the credit metrics due to the impact of the 
pandemic. 
 
Credit risk mitigation of the portfolio as well as callable capital. 
 
Resilient solvency position. 
3. 
Financial Position 
Below is a table of selected financial information of the Bank for the years ended 2018, 2019 and 
2020. 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(USD million) 
 
 
Total Assets  
7,247,696 
6,691,091 
5,557,574 
Net Trade Finance & Project Finance Loans  
5,309,412 
4,971,505 
4,163,004 
Total Borrowings  
5,459,001 
5,056,776 
4,165,283 
Total Equity  
1,557,042 
1,389,815 
1,192,026 
Profit for the Year/Period  
157,047 
151,305 
129,325 
 
4. 
Business Trends 
There has been a renewed focus by the Bank on sovereign lending, syndications and forfaiting. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had severe economic and public health impacts on all economies of 
the Bank's Members States. To reverse this trend, the Bank is focusing efforts on supporting the 
private sector, which is expected to lead the economic recovery of the region. To this end, the Bank 
is focusing on key sectors such as Financial Institutions (FIs) through lines of credit for on-lending 
to small and medium scale businesses to address the effects of the pandemic. Other targeted sectors 
are energy – power generation focusing on bankable IPPs, off grid solar and mini grids supported by 
creditworthy corporate PPAs – as well as construction, logistics and transport, manufacturing and 
healthcare. 
5. 
Capacity and Coverage 
The Bank's institutional capacity building encompasses three main activities: 
(i) 
training and skills enhancement;  
(ii) 
system and procedural improvements; and 
(iii) 
organisational strengthening. 
The Bank has made significant acquisition of resources in the last 18 months including human 
capital, financial resources, networks, systems and strengthened its corporate governance and 
internal controls. Adequate risk management policies and systems were developed and implemented 
including an enterprise risk management framework 
To fulfil the Bank's vision to become a world class African financial institution, the Bank launched 
the Trade & Development Bank Academy (the "TDB Academy") in July 2018 as the educational

--- Page 75 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
arm of the Bank. In 2020, TDB Academy launched its strategic plan which focuses on training and 
capacity building, talent management, knowledge sharing as well as research and strategic studies. 
To date, the TDB Academy has delivered several training programmes and brown bag sessions to 
TDB employees and external participants.  In 2019, the TDB Academy jointly organised the Horn 
of Africa Forum whilst in 2020, the TDB Academy organised the first virtual East African Banking 
Forum, an annual regional conference co-hosted by European Investment Bank, with both 
conferences scheduled to become annual flagship events for TDB in subsequent years. 
6. 
Planned new premises 
The Bank has commenced construction of its own office premises in Nairobi. The development of 
this commercial investment property was envisioned to meet the business growth and increase in the 
Bank's office requirements. Over the past five years, the Bank's growing office space requirements 
necessitated the renting of three additional office spaces and one archive in different locations in 
Nairobi. The development of the Nairobi office building project is expected to be finalised by the 
end of 2021, and the demand for office space will be resolved. 
The development of the Nairobi office building is also intended as an investment by the Bank, and 
is intended to be marketed as a potential financial hub for other regional development financial 
institutions and other centres of excellences based in Nairobi. 
In 2017, the Bank's regional office in Mauritius was upgraded to become the Bank's second principal 
office. In accordance with the approval of the Bank's board of directors (the "Board of Directors" 
or the "Board"), the Bank joined Africa Re, a strategic partner, to jointly purchase a property located 
in Ebene, Mauritius, with the Bank owning 40 per cent. of the building and Africa Re owning 60 per 
cent. This is similar to the joint office arrangement with ZEP Re in Addis Ababa and the prospective 
joint office arrangement in Kinshasa with ATI and ZEP Re. The new office premises in Mauritius 
were occupied in July 2020 and serve as a centre for funds management, fundraising and regional 
operation as well as coordination, common corporate support and business continuity.  
7. 
Corporate Plan 2018-2022 
Building on its successes and lessons, the Bank had the following five strategic objectives in the 
Corporate Plan 2018-2022:  
 
(i) 
to ensure managed growth and balanced and sustainable development impact; 
(ii) 
to mobilise equity and debt financial resources, at the lowest possible costs, with optimal 
flexibility as well as diversity; 
(iii) 
to develop further the Bank's human and institutional capital, and achieve high levels of 
operational excellence; 
(iv) 
to build focussed partnerships and collaboration for resource mobilisation, expanded impact 
and risk sharing; and 
(v) 
to be a risk intelligent organisation with high levels of asset quality and to achieve a higher 
investment grade rating. 
While the COVID-19 pandemic has greatly affected operations of financial institutions worldwide, 
the Bank will continue to mobilise resources to support the financing of sustainable growth and 
transformation during the remaining period of the Corporate Plan 2018-2022.  
 
During the first half of the Corporate Plan 2018-2022, among other achievements the Bank 
successfully implemented a coverage model which consisted of establishing geographic coverage 
teams separate from the specialist teams powering the Bank's core lines of business, Project and 
Infrastructure Finance and Trade Finance. The deployment of this coverage model has played an 
important role in driving the Bank's portfolio diversification.    
 
Despite the challenges caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank remains committed to 
continuing on a growth path to deliver profitability and sustainability while pursuing its vision to be 
"A world class African development financial institution advancing the economic development, 
integration and prosperity of the region."

--- Page 76 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Going forward, Management plans to continue to leverage sovereign relationships, deepen 
partnerships with local banks and the private sector, run an efficient risk management complex and 
leverage the group structure while maintaining a focus on service quality. In line with its Charter, 
the Bank will continue to grow its trade and development financing for a range of priority sectors, 
notably Financial Institutions (FIs), agribusiness, infrastructure, industry, and energy with greater 
focus on renewable energy. 
8. 
Expanded Membership 
In order for TDB to expand its market, increase its resource base and strengthen regional economic 
integration, the Bank will continue to encourage the membership of Angola, Botswana, Ghana, 
Namibia, Senegal and Tunisia. The Bank is in advanced discussions with Angola, Ghana and 
Senegal. The Bank will also continue to pursue membership of a number of countries outside of 
Africa such as Japan, India, South Korea as well as OECD states based on the strength of existing 
trade relations and/or political affiliations with Eastern and Southern African States.  
9. 
Subscription of Class B shares 
In 2019, the two new institutional shareholders joined the membership of the Bank namely, the 
African Economic Research Consortium (AERC) by subscribing to 175 Class B shares for a total 
subscription amount of USD 2,006,025 and the Investment Fund for Developing Countries 
(Denmark) by subscribing to 1,745 Class B shares for a total subscription amount of USD 
20,002,935. In November 2020, IFU doubled its stake in the Bank by subscribing to 1,638 Class B 
shares for a total subscription commitment amounting to USD 20,004,894. 
The Caisse Nationale de Sécurité Sociale (CNSS) – Djibouti subscribed to 410 Class B shares for a 
total subscription commitment amount of USD 5,007,330. 
10. 
Sudan regional business prospects post lifting of general US sanctions in October 2017 and 
removal from the List of State Sponsors of Terrorism (SST) in December 2020. 
Following the lifting of US sanctions on Sudan in October 2017 and the removal of Sudan from the 
SST List in December 2020, the Bank can engage in transactions such as USD funds transfer, or 
loans involving US banks to/from the Government of Sudan and its owned or controlled entities and 
settle Sudan related transactions using its USD accounts. 
The shareholding of the Government of Sudan in the Bank and its operations in Sudan, will also no 
longer expose investors in or financial service providers of the Bank to OFAC risk under the now 
terminated OFAC sanctions against Sudan, thus unlocking facility syndication and providing 
distribution opportunities. However, EU sanctions on Sudan continue to apply. 
Membership and Share Capital 
Following amendments made to the Bank's Charter in January 2016, membership of the Bank has been 
redefined to comprise: 
(a) 
Issuer Member States (or their Designated Institutions); 
(b) 
other African and non-African states (or their Designated Institutions); and 
(c) 
any African or non-African public or private institutions or corporate bodies. 
"Designated Institution" means the central bank, sovereign wealth fund or any other state-owned agency of 
a member. 
The terms and conditions governing the eligibility of membership are determined by the BOG, which shall 
approve the membership of any state (other than the Issuer Member States), body corporate, enterprise or 
other institution. The BOG determines the eligibility of each potential membership based on the provisions 
of the Charter, namely pursuant to Articles 3 and 5. These provisions outline the composition of the 
membership of the Bank, allocation of shares and the division of authorised capital stock.

--- Page 77 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
The current Issuer Member States are: Burundi, the Union of the Comoros, the Democratic Republic of 
Congo, Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, eSwatini, Kenya, Madagascar, Malawi, Mauritius, Mozambique, 
Rwanda, Seychelles, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe. The People's 
Republic of China (represented by the People's Bank of China) and the Republic of Belarus (represented by 
the JSC Development Bank of Belarus) are non-regional member countries. The African Development Bank, 
the Arab Bank for Economic Development, the National Pension Fund of Mauritius, Mauritian Eagle 
Insurance Company Ltd, Rwanda Social Security Board, Seychelles Pension Fund, Africa Reinsurance, PTA 
Reinsurance, Banco Nacional de Investimento, National Social Security Fund of Uganda, OPEC Fund, 
Investment Fund for Developing Countries (Denmark), African Economic Research Consortium, Caisse 
Nationale de Sécurité Sociale (Djibouti), TDB Staff Provident Fund, TDB Directors and Select Stakeholders 
Provident Fund and SACOS Group Limited are institutional shareholders. The paid-up capital and 
shareholding levels are as indicated in the table under "Capital subscriptions" below. 
Although the mandate and objective of the Bank at its inception was to operate in the context of, and as a 
financial arm of, COMESA, in 2012, the Bank expanded both its membership capital base as well as 
repositioned itself to serve as a specialised trade and development finance institution of the Grand Free Trade 
Area spanning COMESA, the East African Community ("EAC") and the Southern African Development 
Community ("SADC") which offers a larger outreach to the Bank in terms of membership while also 
sustaining the integration agenda with the development and financing of cross border infrastructure projects 
and facilitation of trade activities among members of the TFTA. 
In June 2018, the Government of the Republic of Madagascar formally acceded to the membership of the 
Bank becoming its 22nd Issuer Member State. 
The Bank does not finance projects, infrastructure or trade finance activity involving either Issuer Member 
States or enterprises located in Issuer Member States which are subject to sanctions imposed by the BOG on 
account of failing to fulfil capital subscription obligations for an extended period of time. Issuer Member 
States currently under sanctions imposed by the Bank, as determined by the BOG, are Eritrea and Somalia. 
On 28 August 2017, the Union of the Comoros was restored to good standing following receipt of its long-
standing capital subscription arears and accumulated penalty interest in full. 
Authorised share capital 
At the 36th Annual Meeting held in 2020, the BOG doubled the Bank's authorised capital from USD 
3,000,000,000 to USD 6,000,000,234 in support of the Bank's membership expansion strategy. This increase 
was achieved through increasing the Class A shares equivalent to USD 4,000,000,156, Class B shares 
equivalent to USD 1,000,000,039 and Class C shares equivalent to USD 1,000,000,039. This increase was 
preceded by the creation of Class C shares by the BOG at its 35th Annual Meeting held in August 2019 in 
Livingstone, Zambia, which now forms part of the capital stock of the Bank.  
Subscribed capital 
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had USD 2.2 billion in subscribed capital: all subscribed Class B shares 
and 20 per cent. of the subscribed Class A shares was payable, leaving USD 1.62 billion as callable capital. 
Of the payable capital of USD 545.6 million, USD 534.9 million had been paid in as at 31 December 2020. 
The balance of the payable capital is expected to be paid between 2020 and 2021.  
Capital subscriptions 
The following table summarises the subscriptions to the capital stock of the Bank as at 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
Callable 
capital  
Payable 
capital  
Instalments 
due as at 
31.12.2020 
Instalments 
paid as at 
31.12.2020  
Percentage 
of paid up 
capital8 
 
Shares 
subscribed1 
Percentage 
of total2 
Value USD3 
 
USD '0004 
USD '0005 
USD '0006 
USD '0007 
 
Class A shares 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Belarus 
1,267 
1.05 
28,719 
22,975 
5,744 
5,744 
5,744 
1.07 
Burundi 
1,756 
1.46 
39,803 
31,843 
7,961 
7,961 
7,961 
1.49 
China 
4,891 
4.06 
110,864 
88,691 
22,173 
22,173 
22,173 
4.14 
Comoros 
185 
0.15 
4,193 
3,355 
839 
839 
839 
0.16 
Djibouti 
407 
0.34 
9,225 
7,380 
1,845 
1,845 
1,845 
0.34 
Congo DRC 
5,943 
4.94 
134,710 
107,768 
26,942 
26,942 
26,942 
5.04 
Egypt 
7,629 
6.34 
172,927 
138,341 
34,585 
34,585 
34,585 
6.47 
Eritrea 
240 
0.20 
5,440 
4,352 
1,088 
1,088 
907 
0.17 
Eswatini 
454 
0.38 
10,291 
8,233 
2,058 
2,058 
1,657 
0.31

--- Page 78 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
Ethiopia 
8,734 
7.26 
197,974 
158,379 
39,595 
36,595 
36,595 
6.84 
Kenya 
7,422 
6.17 
168,234 
134,588 
33,647 
33,647 
33,647 
6.29 
Madagascar 
1,883 
1.56 
42,682 
34,146 
8,536 
8,536 
8,536 
1.60 
Malawi 
3,577 
2.97 
81,080 
64,864 
16,216 
16,216 
16,216 
3.03 
Mauritius 
2,314 
1.92 
52,451 
41,961 
10,490 
10,490 
10,490 
1.96 
Mozambique  
447 
0.37 
10,132 
8,106 
2,026 
1,225 
1,225 
0.23 
Rwanda 
2,333 
1.94 
52,882 
42,306 
10,576 
10,576 
10,576 
1.98 
Seychelles 
4,338 
3.60 
98,329 
78,664 
19,666 
13,665 
13,665 
2.55 
Somalia 
385 
0.32 
8,727 
6,981 
1,745 
1,745 
1,745 
0.33 
South Sudan 
318 
0.26 
7,208 
5,766 
1,442 
1,442 
1,201 
0.22 
Sudan 
5,277 
4.38 
119,614 
95,691 
23,923 
23,923 
23,923 
4.47 
Tanzania 
7,157 
5.95 
162,228 
129,782 
32,446 
32,446 
32,446 
6.07 
Uganda 
5,560 
4.62 
126,029 
100,823 
25,206 
25,206 
25,201 
4.71 
Zambia 
6,154 
5.11 
139,493 
111,594 
27,899 
27,899 
27,899 
5.22 
Zimbabwe 
6,337 
5.27 
143,641 
114,913 
28,728 
28,728 
28,728 
5.37 
African Development Bank 
4,321 
3.59 
97,944 
78,355 
19,589 
19,589 
19,589 
3.66 
TOTAL CLASS A  
89,329 
 
2,024,820 
1,619,856 
404,964 
395,162 
394,334 
 
Class B shares 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
African Development Bank  
5,844 
4.86 
26,493 
‐ 
26,493 
26,493 
26,493 
4.95 
African Economic Research Consortium 
175 
0.15 
793 
‐ 
793 
793 
793 
0.15 
Africa Reinsurance Corporation 
805 
0.67 
3,649 
‐ 
3,649 
3,649 
3,649 
0.68 
Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa 
1,017 
0.85 
4,610 
‐ 
4,610 
4,610 
4,610 
0.86 
Banco Nacional de Investmento 
917 
0.76 
4,157 
‐ 
4,157 
4,157 
4,157 
0.78 
Caisse Nationale de Sécurité Sociale (CNSS) Djibouti 
410 
0.34 
1,859 
‐ 
1,859 
1,859 
1,859 
0.35 
Investment Fund for Developing Countries 
3,383 
2.81 
15,337 
‐ 
15,337 
15,337 
15,337 
2.87 
Mauritian Eagle Insurance Company Limited 
278 
0.23 
1,260 
‐ 
1,260 
1,260 
1,260 
0.24 
National Pension Fund–Mauritius 
1,941 
1.61 
8,799 
‐ 
8,799 
8,799 
8,799 
1.64 
National Social Security Fund Uganda 
3,231 
2.68 
14,647 
‐ 
14,647 
14,647 
14,647 
2.74 
OPEC Fund for International Development  
2,122 
1.76 
9,620 
‐ 
9,620 
9,620 
9,620 
1.80 
People's Republic of China 
3,674 
3.05 
16,656 
‐ 
16,656 
16,656 
16,656 
3.11 
Rwanda Social Security Board 
3,602 
2.99 
16,329 
‐ 
16,329 
16,329 
16,329 
3.05 
Sacos Group Limited 
130 
0.11 
589 
‐ 
589 
589 
589 
0.11 
Seychelles Pension Fund 
1,062 
0.88 
4,814 
‐ 
4,814 
4,814 
4,814 
0.90 
TDB Directors and Select Stakeholders Provident Fund 
93 
0.08 
422 
‐ 
422 
422 
422 
0.08 
TDB Staff Provident Fund 
1,496 
1.24 
6,782 
‐ 
6,782 
6,782 
6,782 
1.27 
ZEP‐RE (PTA Reinsurance Company) 
834 
0.69 
3,781 
‐ 
3,781 
3,781 
3,781 
0.71 
TOTAL CLASS B  
31,014 
 
140,600 
‐ 
140,600 
140,600 
140,600 
 
TOTAL CAPITAL  
120,343 
100 
2,165,420 
1,619,856 
545,564 
535,761 
534,934 
                       
 
 
1 
This refers to the number of the shares subscribed by the relevant person.  
2 
This represents the number of shares as a percentage of the total number of Class A and Class B shares subscribed. 
3 
This is the product of the shares subscribed and value of the shares as at 31 December 2020. 
4 
This represents the maximum obligation of the shareholder in the event of a call being made in response to financial distress. 
5 
This is a sum of 'paid up capital' and 'unpaid but payable capital' i.e. capital that has either already been paid up by the shareholder 
or has been called and is due the shareholder. 
6 
This refers to capital amounts due from the relevant shareholder on 31 December 2020 (prior to any payments on such date) 
7 
This refers to capital amounts paid by the relevant shareholders on 31 December 2020. 
8 
This refers to the paid up capital of the shareholder as a percentage of the total paid up capital of the Bank 
 
 
The most significant membership expansion initiative under the Corporate Plan 2013-2017 was the 
introduction of a new shareholding category in the form of Class B shares to enhance the Bank's core capital 
base. The Class B share instrument was an opportunity for the Bank to engage the interest of institutional 
shareholders by delivering attractive returns on their investments and introducing a dedicated Board seat 
through governance reforms. Since its introduction in 2013, the Bank has successfully raised over USD 190 
million through Class B shareholders, surpassing its projected target in the Corporate Plan 2013-2017 of USD 
100 million. 
Under the Corporate Plan 2018-2022, the recruitment of Class B shareholders is an ongoing exercise aimed 
at attracting African and non-African institutional investors. 
The issuance of Class B shares is governed by the Charter, shareholder subscription agreements and 
applicable policies and resolutions adopted by the BOG and the Board of Directors from time to time. In 
accordance with the provisions of the Charter, Class B Shares are issued at par plus any appropriate premium, 
as may be required annually by the Board of Directors, based on a valuation methodology recommended by 
an independent accounting firm of high repute and adopted by the Board of Directors from time to time. Both 
Class A and Class B shares have equal voting rights and offer 1 vote per share. 
To date, the Bank has eighteen Class B institutional investors namely, Investment Fund for Developing 
Countries (Denmark), Caisse Nationale de Sécurité Sociale (Djibouti), African Economic Research 
Consortium, Rwanda Social Security Board, Seychelles Pension Fund, Africa Reinsurance Corporation,

--- Page 79 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
Banco Nacional de Investimento, PTA Reinsurance Company, National Pension Fund of Mauritius, 
Mauritian Eagle Insurance Company Ltd, National Social Security Fund of Uganda, OPEC Fund, TDB Staff 
Provident Fund; TDB Directors and Select Stakeholders Provident Fund, SACOS Group Limited, the Arab 
Bank for Economic Development, the African Development Bank and the People's Republic of China 
(represented by the People's Bank of China). 
There is typically a standard lock-in period of 5 years for Class B shares, but since its introduction in 2013, 
no Class B shareholder has withdrawn from the membership of the Bank. 
In accordance with Article 5 of the Charter, Class C shares are issued on terms and conditions determined by 
the Board of Directors. Class C shares do not hold voting rights. The Class C shares category is targeted at 
non-traditional pools of impact and other types of investors. To date, no Class C shares have been issued.  
No single shareholder has dominant voting rights. None of the largest shareholders hold more than 10 per 
cent. of the voting rights. 
The Charter 
The Charter which is binding on all Issuer Member States sets out the objectives, membership, capital 
structure and organisation of the Bank, as well as identifying the type of transactions the Bank may engage 
in. It also sets out the immunities, exemptions and privileges of the Bank. The Charter also contains 
provisions with respect to the allocation of capital subscriptions. 
As set out in Article 4 of the Charter, the objectives of the Bank, among other things, are to: 
(a) 
provide financial and technical assistance to promote the economic and social development of Issuer 
Member States taking into account the prevailing varying economic and other relevant conditions 
within the Issuer Member States; 
(b) 
promote the development of trade among Issuer Member States conducted in accordance with the 
provisions of the COMESA Treaty by financing, where appropriate, activities related to such trade; 
(c) 
further the aims of Issuer Member States by financing, wherever possible, projects designed to make 
the economies of the Issuer Member States increasingly complementary to each other; 
(d) 
supplement the activities of national development agencies of the Issuer Member States by joint 
financing operations and by the use of such agencies as channels for financing specific projects; 
(e) 
co-operate, within the terms of the Charter, with other institutions and organisations, public or 
private, national or international, which are interested in the economic and social development of the 
Issuer Member States; and 
(f) 
undertake such other activities and provide such other services as may advance the Bank's objectives 
which includes the provision of finance to, and the making of investments in, any African or non-
African public or private institution or corporate, whether or not the same is a member, where the 
Board of Directors is of the view that to do so may advance the objectives of the Bank. 
These strategic objectives are achieved through the provision of project and infrastructure finance and trade 
finance, which are funded by the Bank's ordinary resources. Special operations are financed through funds 
from bilateral and multilateral donor institutions as well as from the Bank's own funds. Ordinary resources 
and special operations are further explained under "Ordinary and Special Operations" below. 
Article 36 of the Charter provides that a member of the Bank which is an Issuer Member State may not 
withdraw from the Bank. In addition, subject to the provisions of the Charter and any regulation made as a 
supplement thereto, any member of the Bank other than an Issuer Member State wishing to withdraw from 
the Bank shall give to the Group Managing Director one year's written notice of its intention to withdraw and 
at the end of such year shall, if such notice is not withdrawn, cease to be a member of the Bank. 
The Charter may be amended by a resolution of the BOG approved by a two-thirds majority of the total 
voting power of the BOG including at least two-thirds majority of the votes of shareholders which are Issuer 
Member States or African institutions.

--- Page 80 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
Voting 
The voting power of each Issuer Member State is equal to the number of shares of the capital stock of the 
Bank held by that Issuer Member State.  However, for the Issuer Member States who are in arrears on their 
paid-in shares, their voting powers will be reduced in the proportion that unpaid up amounts bears to the paid 
up amount. 
Voting in the BOG 
(a) 
each governor is entitled to cast the number of votes of the Issuer Member State or member which 
appointed him and which he represents; and 
(b) 
(except as otherwise expressly provided in the Charter) all matters before the BOG shall be decided 
by a majority of the votes present at the meeting. 
Voting in the Board of Directors 
(a) 
each director of the Bank (each a "Director") shall be entitled to cast the number of votes of those 
members of the Bank whom he or she represents, which votes need not be cast as a unit; 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph 3(a) of Article 29 of the Charter, the business of the Board of Directors 
will initially be decided on a show of hands at which point the Group Managing Director and each 
independent director shall have one vote each as shall all the other Directors. The voting provided 
for in paragraph 3(a) of Article 29 of the Charter shall only apply if prior to or following such vote 
by a show of hands one of the other Directors so request it at the same meeting at which the vote is 
being taken; and 
(c) 
(except as otherwise expressly provided in the Charter) all matters before the Board of Directors 
shall be decided by a majority of the total votes of the Issuer Member States of the Bank. 
Borrowing, investment and other powers of the Bank 
As per Article 21 of the Charter: 
1. 
The Bank is empowered to borrow funds in the manner the Board of Directors may deem appropriate, 
as guided by sound banking principles, to achieve the objectives of the Bank, inter alia: 
(i) 
whenever concessional loans are available, the Bank shall give preference to concessional 
funds; 
(ii) 
the Bank may borrow funds from any source for the purpose of financing development and 
trade; 
(iii) 
the Bank may obtain lines of credit and special funds for specific project and programmes; 
and 
(iv) 
the Bank may accept deposits from other institutions on conditions to be determined by the 
Board of Directors. 
2. 
Subject to the approval of its Board of Directors, the Bank shall be empowered to invest and in so 
doing it is guided by the following: 
(i) 
the Bank may invest surplus funds as the Board of Directors may determine; 
(ii) 
the Bank's policy on investment shall be intended to ensure maximum returns on its 
investments as well as sufficient liquidity for its operations; 
(iii) 
the Bank may invest funds not immediately needed in its operations in such obligations as 
it may determine and invest funds held by the Bank for pension or similar purposes in 
marketable securities, but the Bank shall ensure that any funds which it may decide to invest 
in the territories of the Issuer Member States shall be invested, as nearly as possible in equal 
proportions in each Issuer Member State;

--- Page 81 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
(iv) 
the Bank may guarantee securities in which it has invested in order to facilitate their sale; 
and 
(v) 
the Bank may enter into joint ventures with other regional and international institutions. 
3. 
The Bank charges for any technical advice and assistance it provides. 
4. 
The Bank studies and promotes investment opportunities within the Tripartite Free Trade Area which 
covers several regional economic blocs, including COMESA, SADC, the East African Community 
and the Indian Ocean Island Commission. 
Use of Resources 
The resources and facilities of the Bank shall be used only within the Issuer Member States or such other 
locations that the Board of Directors considers will serve to implement the objectives of the Bank as set out 
in the Charter. When approving the use of the resources and facilities of the Bank in locations other than that 
of an Issuer Member State, the Board of Directors shall take account of the need, wherever practical to do so, 
to preserve the immunities and privileges of the Bank. 
Ordinary Operations 
The operations of the Bank consist of ordinary operations and special operations. Ordinary operations are 
those financed from the Bank's ordinary capital resources, being: 
(a) 
the authorised capital stock of the Bank subscribed to pursuant to the Charter; 
(b) 
funds raised by borrowing of the Bank by virtue of powers conferred to it; 
(c) 
calls on callable shares in the capital stock of the Bank; and 
(d) 
funds received through the ordinary operations of the Bank. 
The ordinary operations shall include, as a general policy, providing loans and guarantees to public and 
private institutions through the Lending Operations department.  Ordinary operations account for almost 100 
per cent. of the Bank's income. When loans are made to autonomous private institutions, the Bank may seek 
guarantees from the governments concerned. 
Special operations and Special Funds 
Special operations are those operations other than ordinary operations of the Bank. Special operations are 
financed from resources other than ordinary resources ("Special Funds"). The ordinary capital resources and 
the Special Funds of the Bank shall at all times and in all respects be held, used, committed, invested or 
otherwise disposed of entirely separately from each other. 
As part of the diversification efforts of the Corporate Plan 2018-2022, the Bank has decided to strengthen its 
revenue generation by consolidating the Special Funds activities within the Asset Management function. The 
primary objective of this function will be to develop new sources of fee income by managing third party 
resources through a variety of vehicles including funds (e.g. ESATF) and trust accounts, for broader 
development impact. The sources of these funds include development agencies, impact investors and family 
offices. 
The Asset Management function was initially called Special Funds and Agency Operations in order to 
distinguish itself from the monies raised by Treasury for day-to-day use by the Lending Operations 
department.  
To date, there are no third-party funds under management of the Bank. ESATF was successfully launched in 
August 2019.

--- Page 82 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
Operational Limitations 
To protect its capital stock, the Bank's Charter sets out the following operating limits: 
(a) 
The total amount outstanding of loans, equity investments and guarantees in the ordinary operations 
shall not, at any time, exceed the Bank's ordinary capital resources. 
(b) 
The total amount invested in equity capital out of ordinary capital resources shall not exceed 50 per 
cent. of the aggregate amount of the unimpaired capital actually paid in at any given time, together 
with the reserves and surplus included in its ordinary capital resources. 
(c) 
In the case of guarantees given by the Bank in the ordinary course of operations, the total amount 
guaranteed shall not exceed 25 per cent. of the aggregate amount of the actual unimpaired paid up 
capital, together with the reserves and surplus included in its ordinary capital resources. 
Callable Capital 
Article 7(4) of the Charter provides that payment of the amount subscribed on callable shares in the capital 
stock of the Bank shall be subject to call on the recommendations of the Board of Directors to the BOG from 
time to time but such calls shall only be made as and when the amount thereof shall be required by the Bank: 
(a) 
to repay monies raised by the Bank in the capital markets borrowed or otherwise acquired by the 
Bank for the purpose of making or participating in loans; and 
(b) 
to pay or repay any loan or loans guaranteed in whole or in part by the Bank in furtherance of its 
objectives. 
The Bank has never made a call on its callable capital. The growth in total amount of callable capital is 
summarised below: 
Year ending 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
Amount in USD  
1.62 billion 
1.55 billion 
1.47 billion 
 
The Bank has procured credit enhancement for the callable capital of the Bank's non-investment grade 
shareholders since 2017 in the amount of USD 630 million. This cover was enhanced to USD 750 million in 
2019 and USD 802 million in 2020.  80% of the cover is provided by a seven-year rolling insurance policy 
renewable annually, with the balance five-year policy on similar terms. This policy was placed with a 
syndicate of highly rated private international credit insurers (Lloyds of London Syndicate), with the 
objective of strengthening the quality of shareholder support. The policy covers a loss that would result from 
the failure of a shareholder to pay, on or before the due date, the amount the shareholder has subscribed in 
callable shares should a call be made, making this a significant credit enhancement initiative. 
Based on the 2020 year-end financials, this has raised callable capital from investment grade shareholders to 
approximately 63 per cent. of total callable capital. Credit rating agencies indicated that they have considered 
this initiative to be credit positive. 
Dividends 
Article 22(1) of the Charter provides that the BOG shall determine annually what part of net income of the 
Bank shall be allocated, after making provisions for reserves, to surplus and what part, if any, shall be 
distributed among the Shareholders of the Bank. A dividend award is declared by the BOG on the 
recommendation of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has the authority to determine the manner 
in which dividend distributions are made. 
Under the guidance of an independent specialised consultant, the Bank's dividend policy (the "Dividend 
Policy") was formulated to guide management and the Board of Directors on financial, capital adequacy and 
other prudential considerations when determining dividend pay-outs. The establishment of specific pay-out 
ratio thresholds and parameters including profitability, capital adequacy, debt to equity ratio and liquidity 
ensures transparency and provides shareholders with reasonable expectations on the dividend distribution. 
Moreover, the policy makes clear that in circumstances where all the established parameters are not met, the 
BOG shall not declare a dividend pay-out.

--- Page 83 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
The recommendation by the Board of Directors to the BOG on the dividend declaration is guided by Articles 
22 (2) and 7(B) of the Charter as follows: 
(a) 
any distributions are declared and paid according to the amounts paid up on the shares on which the 
dividend is paid; 
(b) 
distributions are made in such manner and in such currency as the Board of Directors shall determine. 
This may include a distribution of further shares treated as fully paid up or the ability of a shareholder 
to opt for dividend entitlement to be met by way of an issue of fully paid up shares; 
(c) 
the Board of Directors, in making the foregoing determinations, may draw a distinction between 
Class A, Class B and Class C shares; 
(d) 
if a shareholder has failed to meet a payment obligation in respect of a share then any distribution 
entitlement shall first be set off against that unpaid obligation; 
(e) 
subject to any exemption to be provided by the Board of Directors, the Bank has a first and 
paramount lien on all shares standing registered in the name of any person for all moneys presently 
payable by that person to the Bank; and 
(f) 
the Bank's lien on a share extends to all dividends payable thereon and the Bank may apply the whole 
or part of any dividends declared in pro rata reduction of the amounts of any monies then due and 
outstanding from that Shareholder. 
The Corporate Plan 2018-2022 reiterates that (i) cash dividends to Class A Shareholders are to be deferred 
until the Bank's authorised capital level is attained and in the event of a dividend declaration and distribution, 
additional shares are to be issued to Class A shareholders; and (ii) Class B shareholders, mainly institutional 
shareholders, are entitled to a cash dividend in the event of a dividend declaration and distribution but can 
also elect to convert the dividends into additional Class B shares.  
The underlying principle behind the Bank's Dividend Policy is to allow flexibility and ensure sustainability 
and predictability of dividend payments. The establishment of a range in pay-out ratios also ensures that the 
recommended ratio is thought through and the shareholders have reasonable expectations on the amounts of 
dividends likely to be recommended by the Board.  
  
Year ended 31 December  
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
Dividend Amount US$'000 
37,691 
36,313 
31,684 
 
Dividend Pay-out Ratio 
24.00% 
24.00% 
24.50% 
 
Dividend Per Share-US$ 
327.03 
342.01 
315.93 
 
 
 _______________  
Source: Audited financial statements 
Legal Status, Capacity, Immunities and Privileges 
The Bank possesses full legal personality and, in particular, full capacity to enter into contracts, acquire and 
dispose of movable and immovable property, and to institute legal proceedings. 
Furthermore, the Bank possesses de facto preferred creditor status as a matter of conduct, rather than de jure, 
as a matter of law, similar to other international finance institutions. Coupled with privileges and immunities 
as embedded in Article 43 of the Charter, the Bank like other multilateral development banks ("MDBs") is 
also able to leverage on its privileged relationships with its sovereign members to, inter alia, negotiate (i) 
priority of payment over other creditors in cases where a general moratorium is imposed by a sovereign or 
(ii) preferential access to hard currency in the event of a foreign exchange crisis. 
Under the Charter, the Bank enjoys various immunities and privileges including immunity from every form 
of legal process except in cases arising out of the exercise of its borrowing powers, when it may be sued only

--- Page 84 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
in a court of competent jurisdiction in the territory of an Issuer Member State in which the Bank has its 
principal office, or in the territory of an Issuer Member State or non-Issuer Member State where it has 
appointed an agent for the purpose of accepting service or notice of process or has issued or guaranteed 
securities. Such immunities and privileges also extend to the funds of the Bank as long as they are more than 
50 per cent. owned by the Bank. However, the Bank will waive its immunity in respect of the Programme 
and Notes issued thereunder. 
In 2017, the High Court of Kenya reaffirmed the Bank's immunities and privileges in the appellate case of 
CEO (PTA Bank) and Another vs Republic (High Court Appeal No. 165 of 2016 [2017] eKLR). The High 
Court's ruling overturned an earlier decision by the Magistrates Court issuing to the Kenyan police a warrant 
requiring the CEO and Head of Legal of the Bank to produce certain documents to the Kenyan police. In its 
ruling, the High Court confirmed the inviolability of premises occupied as offices by, and of official archives 
of, the Bank, hence re-confirming and fully recognising the immunities and privileges granted to the Bank, 
its staff, and its archives under international law and also under Kenyan law. 
Specifically, Article 43(1) of the Charter provides that: 
(a) 
any Issuer Member State that accedes to the membership or benefits from Bank funding shall first 
accede to the Agreement on Privileges and Immunities adopted by the Issuer Member States in 
December 1984 and shall take immediate steps to ratify and implement the same under that Issuer 
Member State's domestic law. 
(b) 
non-COMESA African states when joining the Bank shall in the Deed of Accession to the 
membership of the Bank undertake to (i) vest the Bank with the same immunities, privileges and 
exemptions provided for in the Charter and (ii) recognise the Bank's Charter in their domestic law. 
Article 43(7) of the Charter provides that: 
"The Bank (a) may hold assets of any kind and operate accounts in any currency; and (b) shall be free to 
transfer its assets from one country to another and to convert any currency held by it into any other currency 
without being restricted by controls, regulations, restrictions or moratoria of any kind." 
The property and assets of the Bank shall, wherever located and by whoever held, be immune from all forms 
of seizure, attachment or execution before the delivery of final judgment against the Bank. 
These immunities are granted in the interests of the Bank. However, the Group Managing Director may waive 
them to such extent and upon such conditions as he may determine in cases where such waiver would, in his 
opinion, further the interests of the Bank. 
Regulatory Supervision & Internal Audit 
As a supranational institution, the Bank is not subject to regulatory supervision by a national body including 
with regard to capital adequacy. The conduct of the Bank's operations is vested with the Board of Directors 
which closely monitors directly or through its Audit and Risk Committee the Issuer's performance, risk profile 
and capital adequacy. 
The Bank's capital management policy aims to maintain a capital adequacy ratio of at least 30 per cent. (as 
at 31 December 2020 the capital adequacy ratio of the Bank was 35.8 per cent.). This ratio is computed in 
line with recommendations of the paper prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision entitled 
"International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards" dated July 1988 as amended 
from time to time ("Basel I paper") and the paper prepared by the Basel Committee entitled "International 
Convergence of Capital Measurement and Standards: A Revised Framework" dated June 2004 as amended 
from time to time ("Basel II Paper"). 
In order to reinforce its self-regulatory processes, the Bank has an internal audit coordinator who works 
closely with the outsourced internal auditors of the Bank – KPMG, Nairobi. The mandate and scope of 
KPMG's reviews is determined by the Board through its Audit and Risk Committee. KPMG's reviews are 
conducted on a quarterly basis or as often as the Board may require. 
The Bank's Compliance and Risk Management Department ("CRMD") which reports directly to the Board 
further reinforces the Bank's self-regulatory processes. A detailed description of the role and functions of 
CRMD is provided in the section headed "Departments of the Bank ".

--- Page 85 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
External Auditors 
The Bank's current external auditors, Deloitte & Touche of Kenya, member of Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants of Kenya ("ICPAK"), whose registered address is at Deloitte Place Waiyaki Way, Muthangari, 
P.O Box 40092-00100 Nairobi ("Deloitte"), have audited and rendered an unqualified audit opinion on the 
accounts of the Bank for the year ended 31 December 2020. Deloitte were appointed the Bank's external 
auditors by the BOG in July 2018, following mandatory rotation by the previous auditors, Ernst & Young 
Kenya. 
Ernst & Young of Kenya Re Towers, member of ICPAK, whose registered address is at Upper hill, off Ragati 
Road, P.O. Box 44286-00100 Nairobi ("Ernst & Young") audited and rendered an unqualified audit opinion 
on the accounts of the Bank for the years ended 31 December 2015 through to 31 December 2017.

--- Page 86 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
BUSINESS OF THE BANK 
In accordance with Article 13 of the Bank's Charter, the Bank may provide finances or facilitate financing in 
any one of the following ways to any agency, entity or enterprise operating in the territories of the Issuer 
Member States: 
(a) 
by making or participating in loans with its unimpaired paid-in capital, reserves and undistributed 
surplus or with the unimpaired Special Funds; 
(b) 
by making or participating in loans with funds raised by the Bank in the capital markets or borrowed 
or otherwise acquired by the Bank for inclusion in its ordinary capital resources; 
(c) 
by the investment of funds referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above in the equity capital of an 
institution or enterprise; 
(d) 
by accepting third party funds and managing them for a fee in order to make development impact 
across its member states; 
(e) 
by guaranteeing, in whole or in part, loans made by others for economic development or for the 
promotion of trade within the TFTA; 
(f) 
by purchasing, selling, dealing in or trading securities, notes, bills of exchange, bankers' acceptances 
or any other negotiable instruments, species and currencies and loans or analogous instruments as 
any principal, broker or agent; 
(g) 
by making or receiving payments in any currency and for that purpose to maintain accounts in their 
respective financial centres and take membership of associations, organisations or institutions 
(whether bodies corporate, partnerships or otherwise) for the transmission, netting or settlement of 
payments; 
(h) 
by issuing or giving guarantees or letters of credit, accepting, endorsing or availing bills of exchange, 
notes, bankers' acceptances or other negotiable instruments; 
(i) 
by undertaking activities described in paragraphs (f), (g) and (h) above by borrowing or raising funds 
through issuance of securities, whether listed or unlisted, private placements, loans and the issuance 
of certificates of deposit; and 
(j) 
by such other finance instruments as may be determined by the Board from time to time. 
The Bank may also provide refinancing and accept, endorse, discount and re-discount the trade bills of the 
Issuer Member States. Further, it may provide export credit insurance and reinsurance of export credit 
organisations where they exist in Issuer Member States. 
Eligible Goods and Transactions – general 
The Bank finances transactions in all traded goods and services ("Eligible Goods") except armaments, 
ammunition and other military equipment, psychotropic drugs or narcotics, all items for which international 
trade is prohibited for environmental reasons or by international conventions, and pornographic and obscene 
materials. In addition, the Bank takes great care to respect the trade and other related policies or issues of 
Issuer Member States. 
Under its projects and infrastructure finance activities, the Bank provides medium to long term financing to 
commercial projects that: (i) are incorporated and domiciled in an Issuer Member State (ii) fall within the 
Bank's identified priority sectors as described below (iii) are commercially viable (iv) are environmentally 
sustainable and technically feasible and (v) are able to generate sufficient cash flows to repay the Bank's loan. 
Through its trade finance activities, the Bank aims to facilitate export and import trade flows from, to and 
between its Issuer Member States by providing short-term (usually up to one year), structured and self-
liquidating financing facilities.

--- Page 87 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
As with most development financial institutions, the Bank does not finance projects, infrastructure or trade 
finance activity involving: 
(a) 
military arms, weaponry or ammunitions; 
(b) 
production of or trade in activities deemed or legislated as illegal in its Issuer Member States or 
under international conventions and agreements; 
(c) 
areas which have been notified by host countries or international legislation and deemed to have high 
biodiversity and/or cultural value, or any other activities that leads to substantial destruction of the 
environment; 
(d) 
trade in wildlife or wildlife products regulated under the Convention on Trade in Endangered Species 
of Wild Fauna and Flora; and 
(e) 
production or trade in chemicals, pesticides, herbicides and pharmaceuticals subject to national and 
international phase outs or bans. 
Asset Management 
A key strategic business initiative was the establishment of the asset management function. Targeting both 
investment funds, trusts, and special purpose funds, the purpose of this initiative is to exploit the Bank's 
understanding of the region and extensive networks and contacts with a wide range of stakeholders – 
governments, donors and the private sector by offering fund management services and contributing to the 
attainment of fund-specific development objectives. 
The Bank can, through this service line, leverage its ability to act as a credible intermediary and conduit for 
attracting financing from various financial institutions. 
Project and Infrastructure Finance ("PIF") 
The Bank supports public and private sector projects that are commercially oriented in any viable economic 
sector or industry. The main objective for PIF activities is the provision of funding to projects that promote 
infrastructure development and economic integration of the countries in the region (COMESA, SADC, EAC, 
IGAD and IOC). Funding of financially viable projects within Issuer Member States is provided in varying 
forms, including medium and long-term senior loans, mezzanine loans, straight and quasi-equity, Sharia-
compliant facilities and guarantees. PIF aims to mobilise resources from various long-term financiers through 
syndication transactions with commercial and development financial institutions, as well as export credit 
agencies. The PIF functions involve appraising credit applications, securing the required approvals and 
committing the underlying loans through appropriate documentation and fulfilment of conditions. 
Eligible Sectors under PIF 
The Bank provides funding to public and private sector projects in various sectors including the following: 
(a) 
Agri-business and Forestry; 
(b) 
Information & Communication Technology ("ICT"); 
(c) 
Manufacturing and Heavy Industries; 
(d) 
Mining and Quarrying; 
(e) 
Hospitality, Tourism and Hotels; 
(f) 
Banking and Financial Services; 
(g) 
Transport and Logistics: Roads, Pipes, Rail, Aviation, Ports, Airports and Marine Services; 
(h) 
Oil and Gas; 
(i) 
Energy: Independent Power Producers, Emergency Power, Hydro Power, Bio-Fuels and Clean 
Energy;

--- Page 88 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
(j) 
Energy – power generation focusing on bankable IPPs, off grid solar and mini grids supported by 
creditworthy corporate PPAs; 
(k) 
Real Estate: Commercial, Retail and Residential; 
(l) 
Education: K-12, VCT and Tertiary; and 
(m) 
Health Services: Primary, Secondary and Tertiary Care Facilities. 
Priority Sectors 
The Bank has identified certain key priority sectors of focus: 
(a) 
Agri-business: which includes agro-processing, logistics, agri-related infrastructure (such as silos 
and warehouses); 
(b) 
Energy – power generation focusing on bankable IPPs, off grid solar and mini grids supported by 
creditworthy corporate PPAs  (with a particular focus is on renewable energy); and 
(c) 
Infrastructure: which includes energy, transportation, supportive infrastructure (such as cement and 
steel) and social infrastructure (including education and health). 
Maturities 
PIF provides medium to long term funding. The medium-term funding is typically between a period of 3 to 
5 years, inclusive of a grace period. The long-term funding can be up to 18 years, inclusive of a grace period. 
Lending Instruments 
Under its PIF activities, the Bank employs either one or a combination of the following modes of financing: 
1. 
Direct Project and Corporate Finance 
This accounts for the largest portion of the Bank's portfolio and involves direct funding to the Bank's 
clients, with or without the use of third parties. Although such funding is often done through straight 
debt, the Bank also provides funding through mezzanine and quasi-equity structures. Given its 
developmental mandate, the Bank's investments often complement funding from other financial 
institutions: 
(i)  
Syndications: Resource mobilisation is a strategic priority for the Bank. The Bank invests 
through syndicated facilities, either as the mandated lead arranger or as a participant 
together with other reputable financial institutions. This enables the Bank to support large 
scale investments that may exceed its single obligor limits (as described below) as well as 
to promote the investment by others in its investments. 
(ii)  
Parallel Lending with Local or International Financial Institutions: The Bank collaborates 
with other financial institutions as a parallel lender to close the financing gap. This can be 
on common or differing terms, depending on the nature of the investment. 
2. 
Lines of Credit ("LOCs") to Financial Intermediaries 
The Bank provides lines of credit to financial intermediaries/national development agencies as a 
means of providing indirect funding to sub-borrowers. The Bank can provide funded and unfunded 
LOCs. Many of these LOCs are for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises ("SMEs") whose 
borrowing requirements are below the Bank's minimum investment threshold and thus do not qualify 
for direct funding from the Bank. 
3. 
Guarantees 
The Bank provides guarantee facilities to eligible entities in Issuer Member States to enable them to 
access funding from institutions that are unable to fund the entities directly. Under these transactions, 
the Bank takes the borrower's credit risk and secures itself against the collateral of the borrowing 
entity whilst the lending institution takes the Bank's risk.

--- Page 89 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
4. 
Lease financing 
Under lease financing, the Bank finances equipment/machinery and enters into a rental agreement 
with the lessor that obliges the lessee to purchase the leased asset at the end of the agreement. The 
lease eases the cash flow burden on the lessee as the lessee is only required to pay rentals. 
5. 
Equity Participation 
In exceptional cases, the Bank takes limited equity stakes in certain strategic enterprises, provided 
the equity stake does not exceed 15 per cent. Currently, the Bank's strategic equity portfolio consists 
of African Export Import Bank, ZEP-Re (PTA Reinsurance Company), the African Trade Insurance 
Agency, Tononoka Steels Limited, Tanruss Investments Limited, Pan African Housing Fund, and 
Gulf African Bank. 
Trade Finance 
The Bank facilitates export and import trade flows from, to and between its Issuer Member States by 
providing tailor-made financing solutions. The Bank's trade finance operations include amongst others: 
(a) 
the financing of either short or medium term in-land or cross border trade using one or more 
financing instruments; 
(b) 
short to medium term financing tenures reflecting the underlying transaction cycle. In general, short-
term tenures shall not exceed 12 months and medium-term tenures shall not exceed 36 months; and 
(c) 
offer structured/self-liquidating transactions that are supporting specific underlying transactions. 
Using a variety of financing instruments, the Bank provides trade finance support to the following sectors, 
among other sectors: manufacturing; agriculture; tourism; mining; infrastructure and petroleum and energy. 
The financing instruments used include pre- and post-shipment loans, import finance facilities, guarantees, 
performance and bid bonds, letters of credit, structured trade and commodity finance facilities, securities-
backed facilities, bills and invoice discounting, asset based lending and bridging facilities. In addition, a 
strategic focus area in trade finance is letter of credit confirmation and discounting, through expanded 
relationships with leading financial institutions in the region. In addition, the Bank is pursuing concessionary 
and grant funding facilities to blend with the Bank's own commercial financing. 
Forfaiting is a part of the Bank's financial market strategy for the region. As part of the roll out, Financial 
Institutions ("FIs") appetite limits are being put in place for select FIs in the region. The appetite limits 
provide an array of products and services of which forfaiting forms a part. The forfaiting product targets more 
medium-term financing of up to 36 months largely for capital goods. 
Loan Application Process 
When providing loans, the business cycle consists of three distinct phases including pre-investment, 
investment and operation. 
The process begins at the identification of investment opportunities. This is achieved through organised road 
shows in Issuer Member States and participation in workshops. Increasingly, the Bank is relying on its 
extensive network of co-financiers and syndicate partners for the generation of new business. Applications 
are made directly to the Bank or through the website portal. The main objective is to identify viable projects 
within the region that are aligned with the Corporate Plan 2018-2022 and also those that mitigate the impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. The strategy includes stringent project selection and emphasis on productive 
private sector investments. Long term sustainability and projects that are complementary to the productive 
sectors in the Issuer Member States are considered crucial in project selection.

--- Page 90 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
Loan Processing 
Upon receipt of a loan application, a review is carried out to determine whether the project meets the Bank's 
eligibility criteria with a key starting point being the borrower risk rating as described below. 
Borrower Risk Rating 
The preliminary review of a facility application includes conducting a borrower risk rating through any of 
the Bank's seven rating models to determine probability of default ("PD") and loss given default ("LGD") as 
well as eligibility criteria. The rating models' outputs are differentiated ratings as inputs to credit risk appetite 
setting, approval limits, pricing and as well as provisioning requirements. 
The current risk rating models are: 
(a) 
Financial Institutions; 
(b) 
Sovereign; 
(c) 
General Corporates; 
(d) 
Greenfield Industrials; 
(e) 
Greenfield Infrastructure; 
(f) 
Power – Renewable; and 
(g) 
Power - Conventional. 
The borrower ratings are on a scale of 1-17 as described below, with 12 being the cut-off for onboarding new 
business unless exceptionally considered with mitigation: 
(a) 
1-7: Very Low Risk/Investment Grade; 
(b) 
8-10: Low Risk; 
(c) 
11-12: Moderate Risk; 
(d) 
13-14: High Risk; and 
(e) 
15-17: Very High Risk/Default. 
Once the foregoing high-level review is finalised, the review process is steered by the officer responsible for 
the particular Issuer Member State or such other officer appointed by the head of the department. If the 
preliminary review is positive, a project brief is prepared and circulated to the New Deal Forum ("NDF") in 
order to enhance the due diligence process. Any comments received are collated and included in the check 
list of issues to be addressed during due diligence, where applicable. It is only after this process is fully 
completed that the due diligence process is undertaken on the project. 
Upon return, the transaction team prepares a report summarising the outcome of the due diligence mission 
and outlining any issues requiring the attention of the management of the Bank. Depending on the report, the 
relevant director decides whether to proceed with the preparation of the necessary appraisal reports for 
submission to the approving authorities. 
If the decision is to proceed, an Appraisal Report ("AR") covering all aspects of the project is prepared 
including financial projections. In addition to aspects such as the market, promoters' profiles, money 
laundering and Know Your Customer (see "Money Laundering and Know Your Customer Checks" below) 
information etc., financial analysis, among others is included, leading to a final borrower risk rating. The 
report is submitted to both an Operations Technical Committee ("OTC") to independently review the deal's 
technical and structure operation parameters, and the Credit and Risk Management Department. The latter 
reviews the AR and prepares a Risk Review Report ("RRR"). With the three reports, namely, the AR, the 
report prepared by the OTC and the RRR, a submission to the Corporate Credit Committee ("CCC") is made 
for consideration and approval.

--- Page 91 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
The CCC comprises departmental heads and representatives of the operational departments, finance, legal, 
and compliance and risk management and makes a recommendation to the Board of Directors for projects 
beyond its risk-based mandates. The INVESCO (the Board sub-committee responsible for new credit and 
investments) has been established to report on investments and make recommendations to the Board of 
Directors with respect to credit approvals. The INVESCO does not itself have the ability to make credit 
approval decisions. 
Certificate of Effectiveness 
Once a facility is approved, the loan documentation is reviewed by both the legal and compliance departments 
until issuance of a Certificate of Effectiveness ("COE") which signifies that the relevant borrower can 
commence loan draw-downs. 
At this stage, PIF hands over the relationship to the Portfolio Management Department which has the mandate 
to process disbursements. For trade finance, the relationship is handed over to Trade Finance – Middle Office 
for disbursement and monitoring. 
PIF and Trade Finance Portfolio Overview 
The following table presents an overview of the Bank's trade finance and PIF loan portfolios on a gross basis 
as at 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
  
  
Year ended 31 December 
  
  
2020 
  
2019 
  
2018 
  
  
  
No. of loans 
Balance U.S.$'000 
  
No. of loans 
Balance 
U.S.$'000 
  
No. of 
loans 
Balance 
U.S.$'000 
  
Type of Loans 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Trade Finance  
  
30 
3,181,497 
  
39 
2,935,646 
  
30 
2,813,398 
  
Project Finance  
  
60 
2,292,264 
  
67 
2,146,996 
  
60 
1,459,918 
  
Total Loans  
  
90 
5,473,761 
  
106 
5,082,642 
  
90 
4,273,316 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Sector-wise Distribution of Total Loan Portfolio 
The following table presents an overview of the Bank's loan portfolios as at 31 December 2018, 2019 and 
2020 by sector: 
 
As At 31 December 2020 
 
Gross On-
statement of 
Financial 
Position* 
  
Off-
statement of 
Financial 
Position** 
  
Cash collateral/ 
In Transit 
Insurance 
Other 
Mitigants 
Net 
Exposure 
  
 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Agri- Business  
       1,039,515  
19% 
         186,828  
23% 
             (56,917) 
 (495,815) 
         (75,302) 
598,309  
18% 
 Banking and Financial Services  
          563,884  
10% 
         246,497  
30% 
               (1,194) 
 (164,584) 
         (49,785) 
594,817  
18% 
 Construction  
            16,723  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
16,723  
1% 
 Energy  
          255,442  
5% 
           57,618  
7% 
                      (8) 
 (6,250) 
- 
        306,802  
9% 
 Health Services  
            19,696  
- 
           13,065  
2% 
- 
- 
- 
32,761  
1% 
 Hospitality  
            41,186  
1% 
           10,750  
1% 
- 
- 
- 
51,935  
2% 
 ICT  
          186,756  
3% 
- 
- 
             (40,304) 
- 
- 
146,452  
4% 
 Infrastructure  
       1,299,281  
24% 
         161,492  
20% 
- 
 (525,000) 
       (200,000) 
735,773  
22% 
 Manufacturing and Heavy Industries  
          205,770  
4% 
             5,000  
1% 
- 
- 
- 
210,770  
6% 
 Oil & Gas  
       1,586,717  
29% 
             8,210  
1% 
           (924,604) 
 (347,677) 
- 
322,646  
10% 
 Other  
              6,858  
- 
         100,000  
12% 
             (16,162) 
- 
- 
90,696  
3% 
 Real Estate  
            14,281  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
14,281  
0% 
 Transport  
          208,122  
4% 
           30,000  
4% 
- 
 (72,531) 
              (774) 
164,816  
5% 
 Wholesale Commodities  
            29,529  
1% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
29,529  
1% 
 
       5,473,761  
100% 
         819,459  
100% 
        (1,039,190) 
 (1,611,857) 
       (325,861) 
3,316,312  
100% 
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures. 
 
 
As At 31 December 2019

--- Page 92 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
Gross On-
statement of 
Financial 
Position* 
  
Off-
statement of 
Financial 
Position** 
  
Cash collateral/ 
In Transit 
Insurance 
Other 
Mitigants 
Net 
Exposure 
  
 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Agri- Business  
1,169,535  
23% 
159,976  
15% 
 (93,233) 
 (471,500) 
 (72,400) 
692,378  
22% 
 Banking and Financial Services  
252,620  
5% 
407,788  
37% 
 (3,250) 
 (149,704) 
- 
507,455  
16% 
 Construction  
15,912  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
15,912  
1% 
 Education  
585  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
585  
0% 
 Energy  
227,642  
4% 
98,890  
9% 
 (608) 
 (13,321) 
- 
312,603  
10% 
 Health Services  
19,599  
- 
15,564  
1% 
- 
- 
- 
35,163  
1% 
 Hospitality  
37,458  
1% 
14,288  
1% 
- 
- 
- 
51,746  
2% 
 ICT  
189,283  
4% 
4,679  
0% 
- 
- 
- 
193,962  
6% 
 Infrastructure  
1,163,860  
23% 
55,591  
5% 
- 
 (525,000) 
 (200,000) 
494,451  
16% 
 Manufacturing and Heavy Industries  
207,112  
4% 
19,168  
2% 
- 
- 
- 
226,280  
7% 
 Oil & Gas  
1,435,412  
28% 
216,822  
20% 
 (747,352) 
 (496,091) 
 (151,675) 
257,115  
8% 
 Other  
19,503  
- 
100,000  
9% 
- 
- 
- 
119,503  
4% 
 Real Estate  
27,921  
1% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
27,921  
1% 
 Transport  
281,963  
6% 
- 
- 
- 
 (82,895) 
 (46,697) 
152,371  
5% 
 Wholesale Commodities  
34,236  
1% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
34,236  
1% 
 
    
5,082,642  
100% 
1,092,767  
100% 
 (844,443) 
 (1,738,510) 
 (470,772) 
3,121,683  
100% 
 
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
Gross-on Statement of 
Financial Position* 
Off Statement of Financial 
Position** 
Cash 
Collateral/ In 
transit 
Insurance 
Net Exposure 
 
  
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
% 
Agribusiness .............. 
1,074,418 
25% 
199,350 
28% 
(140,559) 
(476,138) 
657,071 
25% 
Banking and 
Financial Services . 
198,918 
5% 
204,015 
29% 
- 
(61,392) 
341,541 
13% 
Education ................... 
2,309 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,309 
- 
Hospitality ................. 
34,547 
1% 
15,000 
2% 
- 
- 
49,547 
2% 
Manufacturing and 
Heavy Industries ... 
223,671 
5% 
3,763 
1% 
- 
- 
227,434 
8% 
Other .......................... 
7,642 
- 
389 
- 
(205) 
- 
7,826 
- 
Health Services .......... 
11,985 
- 
15,000 
2% 
- 
- 
26,985 
1% 
Energy ....................... 
192,795 
5% 
145,128 
21% 
- 
(19,180) 
318,743 
12% 
Oil & Gas .................. 
1,412,474 
33% 
33,423 
5% 
(709,659) 
(496,091) 
240,145 
9% 
Real Estate ................. 
38,024 
1% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
38,024 
1% 
Telecommunications . 
4,620 
- 
6,663 
1% 
- 
(4,047) 
7,236 
- 
Infrastructure ............. 
589,779 
14% 
83,300 
12% 
- 
(314,010) 
359,069 
13% 
Transport and 
Logistics................ 
259,222 
6% 
1,658 
- 
- 
(61,200) 
199,680 
7% 
Wholesale 
Commodities ......... 
91,986 
2% 
- 
- 
- 
(19,000) 
72,986 
3% 
ICT ............................ 
130,926 
3% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
130,926 
5% 
 
4,273,316 
100% 
707,689 
100% 
-850,423 
-1,451,060 
2,679,522 
100% 
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures. 
Source: Audited Financial Statements and Bank's information

--- Page 93 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
Sector-wise Distribution of the PIF and Trade Finance Portfolio 
The following table presents an overview of the Bank's distribution of the PIF and Trade Finance loan portfolios as at 31 December 2018, 2019  and 2020 by sector: 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
Gross On Balance Sheet Exposure* 
Off Balance Sheet 
Exposure** 
Insurance 
Cash Cover 
Other Mitigants 
Net Exposure 
 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
 
USD '000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agri- Business 
                  80,897  
    
958,618  
    
0  
    
186,828  
 
    
(495,815) 
    
(570) 
    
(56,347) 
 
    
(75,302) 
    
80,327  
    
517,982  
Banking 
and 
Financial 
Services 
                  42,075  
    
521,809  
    
6,342  
    
240,155  
    
(14,584) 
    
(150,000) 
 
    
(1,194) 
 
    
(49,785) 
    
33,833  
    
560,984  
Construction 
                          -   
    
16,723  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
 
    
-    
 
 
    
-    
    
16,723  
Education 
                          -   
                        -    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
 
 
    
-    
 
 
    
-    
    
-    
Energy 
                196,447  
    
58,995  
    
57,618  
    
-    
    
(6,250) 
 
    
(8) 
    
-    
 
 
    
247,807  
    
58,995  
Health Services 
                  19,696  
                        -    
    
13,065  
    
-    
    
-    
 
 
    
-    
 
 
    
32,761  
    
-    
Hospitality 
                  41,186  
                        -    
    
10,750  
    
-    
    
-    
 
 
    
-    
 
 
    
51,935  
    
-    
ICT 
                184,741  
    
2,015  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
(40,304) 
    
-    
    
144,437  
    
2,015  
Infrastructure 
             1,299,281  
                        -    
    
161,492  
    
-    
    
(525,000) 
 
 
    
-    
    
(200,000) 
 
    
735,773  
    
-    
Manufacturing and Heavy 
Industries 
                205,770  
                        -    
    
5,000  
    
-    
 
 
 
    
-    
 
 
    
210,770  
    
-    
Mining and Quarrying 
                          -   
                        -    
    
-    
    
-    
 
 
 
    
-    
 
 
    
-    
    
-    
Oil & Gas 
                          -   
    
1,586,717  
    
-    
    
8,210  
    
-    
    
(347,677) 
    
-    
    
(924,604) 
 
 
    
-    
    
322,646  
Other 
                          -   
    
6,858  
    
-    
    
100,000  
    
-    
 
    
-    
    
(16,162) 
 
 
    
-    
    
90,697  
Real Estate 
                  14,281  
                        -    
    
-    
    
-    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
14,281  
    
-    
Transport 
                207,890  
    
232  
    
-    
    
30,000  
    
(72,531) 
 
 
 
 
    
(774) 
    
135,358  
    
29,458  
Wholesale Commodities 
                          -   
    
29,529  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
  
    
-    
    
-    
  
  
    
-    
    
29,529  
 
             2,292,265  
    
3,181,496  
    
254,267  
    
565,193  
    
(618,365) 
    
(993,492) 
    
(40,882) 
    
(998,307) 
    
(200,000) 
    
(125,861) 
    
1,687,283  
    
1,629,029  
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are Disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures.

--- Page 94 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Gross On Balance Sheet 
Exposure* 
Off Balance Sheet 
Exposure** 
Insurance 
Cash Cover 
Other Mitigants 
Net Exposure 
 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
 
USD '000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agri- Business 
    
77,043  
    
1,092,492  
    
-    
    
159,976  
    
-    
    
(471,500) 
    
(593) 
    
(92,641) 
    
-    
    
(72,400) 
    
76,450  
    
615,928  
Banking 
and 
Financial 
Services 
    
54,362  
    
198,259  
    
-    
    
-    
    
(33,405) 
    
(116,299) 
    
-    
    
(3,250) 
    
-    
 
    
20,957  
    
78,710  
Construction 
    
-    
    
15,912  
    
-    
    
407,788  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
 
    
-    
    
423,701  
Education 
    
585  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
 
    
585  
    
-    
Energy 
    
168,647  
    
58,995  
    
-    
    
-    
    
(13,321) 
    
-    
    
(608) 
    
-    
    
-    
 
    
154,718  
    
58,995  
Health Services 
    
19,599  
    
-    
    
98,890  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
 
    
-    
    
-    
 
    
118,489  
    
-    
Hospitality 
    
37,458  
    
-    
    
15,564  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
 
    
-    
    
-    
 
    
53,022  
    
-    
ICT 
    
185,672  
    
3,611  
    
14,288  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
 
    
199,960  
    
3,611  
Infrastructure 
    
1,163,860  
    
-    
    
-    
    
4,679  
    
(525,000) 
    
-    
 
    
-    
    
(200,000) 
 
    
438,860  
    
4,679  
Manufacturing and Heavy 
Industries 
    
207,112  
    
-    
    
55,591  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
262,703  
    
-    
Mining and Quarrying 
    
-    
    
-    
    
19,168  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
19,168  
    
-    
Oil & Gas 
    
-    
    
1,435,412  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
(496,091) 
    
-    
    
(747,352) 
    
-    
    
(151,675) 
    
-    
    
40,293  
Other 
    
-    
    
19,503  
    
-    
    
216,822  
    
-    
 
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
236,325  
Real Estate 
    
27,921  
    
-    
    
-    
    
100,000  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
27,921  
    
100,000  
Transport 
    
204,737  
    
77,226  
    
0  
    
-    
    
(82,895) 
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
-    
46,697  
    
121,842  
    
30,529  
Wholesale Commodities 
    
-    
    
34,236  
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
-    
    
34,236  
 
    
2,146,996  
    
2,935,646  
    
203,501  
    
889,265  
    
(654,620) 
    
(1,083,890) 
    
(1,201) 
    
(843,242) 
    
(200,000) 
    
(270,772) 
    
1,494,676  
    
1,627,007  
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are Disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures.

--- Page 95 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
Gross-on Statement of Financial 
Position* 
Off Statement of Financial Position** 
Cash Collateral/ In transit 
Insurance 
Net Exposure 
 
 
PIF 
Trade Finance 
PIF 
Trade Finance 
PIF 
Trade Finance 
PIF 
Trade 
PIF 
Trade Finance 
 
(USD '000) 
 
Agribusiness ................ 
 76,931  
 997,488  
 -    
 199,350  
 -    
(140,559) 
 -    
(476,138) 
 76,931  
580,141  
Banking and Financial Services
 ................................ 
 67,921  
 130,997  
 -    
 204,014  
 -    
 -    
 (39,650) 
 (21,742) 
 28,271  
 313,269  
Education ..................... 
 2,309  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,309  
 -    
Energy.......................... 
 132,875  
 59,928  
 145,128  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (19,180) 
 -    
 258,823  
 59,928  
Health Services ............ 
 11,985  
 -    
 15,000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 26,985  
 -    
Hospitality ................... 
 34,547  
 -    
 15,000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 49,547  
 -    
ICT ............................... 
 128,694  
 2,015  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 128,694  
 2,015  
Infrastructure ............... 
 555,768  
 34,011  
 83,300  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (280,000) 
 (34,011) 
 359,068  
 -    
Manufacturing and Heavy Industries
 ................................  
 223,880  
 -    
 3,764  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 227,644  
 -    
Oil and Gas .................. 
 -    
1,412,473  
 17,000  
 16,423  
 -    
 (709,660) 
 -    
 (496,091) 
 17,000  
 240,145  
Other ............................ 
 -    
 7,642  
 -    
 389  
 -    
 (205) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7,826  
Real Estate ................... 
 38,024  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 38,024  
 -    
Telecommunications.... 
 4,620  
 -    
 -    
 6,663  
 -    
 -    
 (4,047) 
 -    
 573  
 6,663  
Transport...................... 
 182,364  
 76,858  
 1,658  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (61,200) 
 -    
 122,822  
 76,858  
Wholesale and Commodities
 ................................  
 -    
91,986 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (19,000) 
 -    
 72,986  
1,459,918 
2,813,398 
280,850 
426,839 
- 
(850,424) 
(404,077) 
(1,046,982) 
1,336,691 
1,359,831 
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are Disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures. 
 
 _______________  
*. 
 
Geographic Distribution of Total Loan Portfolio 
The following table shows the geographical distribution of the Bank's on and off-balance sheet portfolio as at 31 December 2016, 2017 and 2018: 
 
As At 31 December 2020 
 
Gross On-statement of 
Financial Position* 
  
Off-statement of 
Financial Position** 
  
Cash collateral/ In 
Transit 
Insurance 
Other Mitigants 
Net Exposure 
  
 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
% 
Burundi 
 
13,602 
- 
- 
- 
(570) 
- 
- 
13,032 
- 
Comoros 
15,448 
- 
13,065 
2% 
- 
- 
- 
28,512 
 
Congo DRC 
65,921 
1% 
5,000 
1% 
- 
- 
- 
70,921 
2% 
Djibouti 
9,679 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
9,679 
- 
Egypt 
79,664 
1% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
79,664 
2% 
Eswatini 
6,422 
- 
18,587 
2% 
- 
- 
- 
25,009 
1%

--- Page 96 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
As At 31 December 2020 
 
Gross On-statement of 
Financial Position* 
  
Off-statement of 
Financial Position** 
  
Cash collateral/ In 
Transit 
Insurance 
Other Mitigants 
Net Exposure 
  
 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
% 
Ethiopia 
383,985 
7% 
233,530 
28% 
- 
(150,000) 
- 
417,187 
13% 
Kenya 
 
678,902 
12% 
100,000 
12% 
(16,162) 
(350,000) 
(100,000) 
312,740 
9% 
Madagascar 
10,498 
- 
7,078 
1% 
- 
- 
- 
17,576 
1% 
Malawi 
357,102 
7% 
155,664 
19% 
(27,546) 
(250,500) 
(75,302) 
159,418 
5% 
Mauritius 
155,806 
3% 
- 
- 
(40,304) 
- 
- 
115,502 
3% 
Mozambique 
101,116 
2% 
41,367 
5% 
- 
- 
- 
142,483 
4% 
Rwanda 
637,244 
 
3,631 
 
(280,000) 
972,531) 
(232) 
288,112 
9% 
Seychelles 
52,687 
1% 
750 
- 
- 
- 
- 
53,437 
2% 
Sudan 
662,188 
12% 
- 
- 
(152,894) 
(245,315) 
- 
263,979 
8% 
Tanzania 
601,378 
11% 
119,121 
15% 
(8) 
(175,000) 
- 
445,491 
13% 
Uganda 
358,214 
7% 
63,130 
8% 
- 
- 
- 
421,345 
13% 
Zambia 
686,122 
13% 
22,789 
3% 
(1,524) 
(347,677) 
- 
359,711 
11% 
Zimbabwe 
597,784 
11% 
35,747 
4% 
(520,181) 
(20,834) 
- 
92,515 
3% 
 
5,473,761 
100%% 
 819,459  
100%% 
 (1,039,190) 
(1,611,857) 
 (325,861) 
3,316,312  
100% 
 
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are Disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures.

--- Page 97 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
 
As At 31 December 2019 
 
Gross On-statement of 
Financial Position* 
  
Off-statement of 
Financial Position** 
  
Cash collateral/ In 
Transit 
Insurance 
Other Mitigants 
Net Exposure 
  
 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
% 
Burundi 
 
13,634 
- 
- 
- 
(593) 
- 
- 
(13,041) 
- 
Comoros 
12,769 
- 
15,564 
1% 
- 
- 
- 
28,333 
 
Congo DRC 
8,940 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
8,940 
- 
Djibouti 
44,251 
1% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
44,251 
1% 
Egypt 
29,529 
61% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
29,529 
1% 
Eswatini 
7,030 
- 
18,000 
2% 
- 
- 
- 
25,030 
1% 
Ethiopia 
290,171 
6% 
329,095 
30% 
- 
(100,000) 
- 
519,265 
17% 
Kenya 
 
760,887 
15% 
104,679 
10% 
- 
(350,000) 
(100,000) 
415,566 
13% 
Madagascar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Malawi 
488,201 
10% 
141,976 
13% 
(59,172) 
(248,000) 
(72,400) 
250,605) 
8% 
Mauritius 
133,819 
3% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
133,819 
4% 
Mozambique 
34,360 
1% 
245,550 
22% 
- 
- 
(151,675) 
128,234 
4% 
Rwanda 
446,646 
9% 
2,522 
- 
(150,000) 
982,895) 
(46,697) 
169,577 
5% 
Seychelles 
55,965 
1% 
4,288 
- 
(1) 
- 
- 
60,222 
2% 
Sudan 
658,954 
13% 
- 
- 
(180,032) 
(223,500) 
- 
255,422 
8% 
Tanzania 
683,183 
13% 
22,026 
2% 
(603) 
(175,000) 
(100,000) 
429,605 
14% 
Uganda 
160,337 
3% 
81,906 
7% 
- 
- 
- 
242.243 
8% 
Zambia 
703,970 
14% 
57,962 
5% 
(4,042) 
(496,091) 
- 
261,798 
8% 
Zimbabwe 
550,027 
11% 
69,200 
6% 
(450,000) 
(63,025) 
- 
106,203 
3% 
 
5,082,642 
100%% 
1,092,767 
100%% 
 (844,443) 
(1,738,510) 
 (470,772) 
3,121,683  
100% 
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are Disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position* 
Off Statement of Financial Position** 
Cash Collateral/ In 
transit 
Insurance 
Net Exposure 
  
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
% 
Burundi ..................  
13,102 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(4,047) 
9,055 
- 
Congo DRC ...........  
12,958 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
12,958 
- 
Djibouti ..................  
48,980 
1% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
48,980 
2% 
Egypt .....................  
29,529 
1% 
- 
- 
- 
(19,000) 
10,529 
- 
Ethiopia .................  
184,185 
4% 
108,577 
15% 
(0) 
- 
292,761 
11% 
Kenya ....................  
657,626 
15% 
6,663 
1% 
- 
(280,000) 
384,289 
14% 
Malawi ...................  
439,317 
10% 
125,364 
18% 
(85,304) 
(248,000) 
231,378 
9% 
Mauritius ...............  
138,938 
3% 
78,725 
11% 
- 
- 
217,663 
8% 
Mozambique ..........  
4,737 
- 
48,134 
7% 
- 
- 
52,871 
2% 
Rwanda ..................  
460,313 
11% 
28,467 
4% 
(150,000) 
(61,200) 
277,579 
10% 
Seychelles ..............  
4,318 
- 
- 
- 
(1) 
- 
4,318 
- 
Sudan .....................  
648,192 
15% 
- 
- 
(214,547) 
(228,138) 
205,507 
8% 
Tanzania ................  
222,678 
5% 
48,912 
7% 
383 
- 
271,972 
10% 
Uganda ..................  
166,941 
4% 
118,147 
17% 
- 
(34,011) 
251,077 
9% 
Zambia ...................  
686,824 
16% 
60,500 
9% 
(955) 
(496,092) 
250,278 
9%

--- Page 98 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position* 
Off Statement of Financial Position** 
Cash Collateral/ In 
transit 
Insurance 
Net Exposure 
  
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
% 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
% 
Zimbabwe ..............  
554,678 
13% 
84,200 
12% 
(400,000) 
(80,571) 
158,307 
6% 
 
4,273,316 
100% 
707,689 
100% 
-850,424 
-1,451,059 
2,679,522 
100% 
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are Disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures. 
 
 
Geographic Distribution of the PIF and Trade Finance Portfolio 
The following table presents an overview of the Bank's geographical distribution of the PIF and Trade Finance loan portfolios as at 31 December, 2018, 2019 and 2020: 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
Gross On Balance Sheet Exposure* 
Off Balance Sheet Exposure** 
Insurance 
Cash Cover 
Other Mitigants 
Net Exposure 
 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
USD '000 
Burundi
 
 
13,602 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(570) 
- 
- 
 
13,032 
 
Comoros 
15,448 
- 
13,065 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28,512 
- 
Congo DRC 
50,290 
15,001 
5,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
55,920 
15,001 
Djibouti 
3,197 
6,482 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,197 
6,482 
Egypt 
- 
79,664 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
79,664 
Eretria 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Eswatini 
- 
6,422 
- 
18,587 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
25,009 
Ethiopia 
127,515 
256,470 
10,000 
233,530 
- 
(150,000) 
- 
- 
- 
(50,327) 
137,515 
279,673 
Kenya
 
 
659,251 
19,651 
- 
100,000 
(350,000) 
- 
- 
(16,162) 
(100,000) 
- 
209,251 
103,489 
Madagascar 
1,660 
8,838 
5,901 
1,177 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
7,561 
10,016 
Malawi 
- 
357,102 
- 
155,664 
 
(250,500) 
- 
(27,546) 
- 
(75,302) 
- 
159,418 
Mauritius 
134,424 
21,381 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(40,304) 
- 
- 
- 
94,120 
21,381 
Mozambiqu
e 
76,608 
24,508 
41,267 
100 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
117,875 
24,608 
Rwanda 
287,576 
349,668 
1,221 
2,411 
(72,531) 
- 
- 
(280,000) 
- 
(232) 
216,266 
71,847 
Seychelles 
52,687 
- 
750 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
53,437 
-

--- Page 99 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
Gross On Balance Sheet Exposure* 
Off Balance Sheet Exposure** 
Insurance 
Cash Cover 
Other Mitigants 
Net Exposure 
 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
 
USD '000 
Sudan 
42,898 
619,290 
- 
- 
- 
(245,315) 
- 
(152,894) 
- 
- 
42,898 
221,081 
Tanzania 
462,513 
138,865 
110,911 
8,210 
(175,000) 
- 
(8) 
- 
(100,000) 
- 
298,416 
147,075 
Uganda 
317,632 
40,583 
63,130 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
380,762 
40,583 
Zambia 
11,058 
675,064 
- 
22,789 
- 
(347,677) 
- 
(1,524) 
- 
- 
11,058 
348,652 
Zimbabwe 
35,277 
562,507 
3,022 
32,725 
(20,834) 
- 
- 
(520,181) 
- 
- 
17,465 
75,051 
 
    
2,292,265  
    
3,181,496  
    
254,267  
    
565,193  
    
(618,365) 
    
(993,492) 
    
(40,882) 
    
(998,307) 
    
(200,000)    
    
(125,861) 
    
1,687,284  
    
1,629,029  
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are Disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
Gross On Balance Sheet Exposure* 
Off Balance Sheet Exposure** 
Insurance 
Cash Cover 
Other Mitigants 
Net Exposure 
 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
 
USD '000 
Burundi
 
 
13,634 
- 
- 
- 
-- 
 
(593) 
- 
- 
- 
13,041 
- 
Comoros 
12,769 
- 
15,564 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
28,333 
- 
Congo DRC 
43,582 
669 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
43,582 
669 
Djibouti 
- 
3,051 
5,888 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,051 
5,888 
Egypt 
- 
29,529 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
29,529 
Eswatini 
- 
7,030 
- 
18,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
25,030 
Ethiopia 
126,568 
163,602 
12,168 
316,927 
- 
(100,000) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
138,737 
380,529 
Kenya
 
 
716,892 
43,995 
- 
- 
104,678 
(350,000) 
- 
- 
- 
(100,00)- 
266,892 
148,673 
Malawi 
- 
488,201 
- 
141,976 
- 
(248,000) 
- 
(59,172) 
- 
(72,400) 
- 
250,605 
Mauritius 
128,823 
- 
4,996 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
128,823 
4,996 
Mozambique 
31,990 
2,370 
76,142 
169,408 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(151,675) 
108,132 
20,102 
Rwanda 
249,949 
196,697 
2,522 
- 
(82,895) 
- 
- 
(150,000) 
- 
(46,697) 
169,576 
- 
Seychelles 
55,935 
- 
4,288 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1) 
- 
60,223

--- Page 100 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Gross On Balance Sheet Exposure* 
Off Balance Sheet Exposure** 
Insurance 
Cash Cover 
Other Mitigants 
Net Exposure 
 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
PIF 
TF 
 
USD '000 
Sudan 
39,951 
619,003 
- 
- 
- 
(233,500) 
- 
(180,032) 
- 
- 
39,951 
215,471 
Tanzania 
527,346 
155,837 
10,911 
11,114 
(175,000) 
- 
(608) 
5 
(100,000) 
- 
262,649 
166,956 
Uganda 
111,419 
49,918 
64,906 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
176,325 
48,918 
Zambia 
11,702 
692,268 
17,000 
57,962 
- 
(496,090) 
- 
(4,042) 
- 
- 
28,702 
250,098 
Zimbabwe 
73,383 
476,644 
- 
69,200 
(46,725) 
(16,300) 
- 
(450,000) 
- 
- 
26,658 
79,544 
 
2,146,996  
    
2,935,646  
    
203,501  
    
889,265  
    
(654,620) 
    
(1,083,890) 
    
(1,201) 
    
(843,242) 
    
(200,000)    
    
(270,772) 
    
1,494,676  
    
1,627,007  
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are Disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
Gross-on Statement of Financial 
Position* 
Off Statement of Financial Position** 
Cash Collateral/ In transit 
Insurance 
Net Exposure 
 
 
PIF 
Trade Finance 
PIF 
Trade Finance 
PIF 
Trade Finance 
PIF 
Trade 
PIF 
Trade Finance 
 
(USD '000) 
 
Burundi ........................ 
 13,102  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (4,037) 
 -    
 9,065  
 -    
Djibouti ........................ 
 2,904  
 5,338  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,904  
 5,338  
DR Congo .................... 
 43,642  
 10,054  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 43,642  
 10,054  
Egypt............................ 
 -    
 29,529  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (19,000) 
 -    
 10,529  
Ethiopia........................ 
 74,128  
 110,057  
 18,763  
 89,814  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 92,891  
 199,871  
Kenya ........................... 
 627,132  
 30,494  
 -    
 6,663  
 -    
 -    
 (280,000) 
 -    
 347,132  
 37,157  
Malawi ......................... 
 -    
 439,317  
 -    
 125,364  
 -    
 (85,303) 
 -    
 (248,000) 
 -    
 231,378  
Mauritius...................... 
 128,086  
 10,852  
 28,725  
 50,000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 156,811  
 60,852  
Mozambique ................  
 4,737  
 -    
 48,133  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 52,870  
 -    
Rwanda ........................ 
 264,003  
 196,309  
 28,467  
 -    
 -    
 (150,000) 
 (61,200) 
 -    
 231,270  
 46,309  
Seychelles .................... 
 4,318  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1) 
 -    
 -    
 4,318  
 (1) 
Sudan ........................... 
 37,015  
 611,177  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (214,547) 
 -    
 (228,138) 
 37,015  
 168,492  
Tanzania ...................... 
 43,414  
 179,264  
 23,809  
 25,103  
 -    
 382  
 -    
 -    
 67,223  
 204,749  
Uganda ......................... 
 87,995  
 78,938  
 117,953  
 17,195  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (34,011) 
 205,948  
 62,122  
Zambia ......................... 
 16,191  
 670,633  
 -    
 60,500  
 -    
 (955) 
 -    
 (517,833) 
 16,191  
 212,345  
Zimbabwe ....................  
 113,251  
 441,436  
 15,000  
 69,200  
 -    
 (400,000) 
 (58,840) 
 -    
 69,411  
 110,636  
 
1,459,918 
2,813,398 
280,850 
443,839 
- 
(850,424) 
(404,077) 
(1,046,982) 
1,336,691 
1,359,831 
 _______________  
* 
Gross-on Statement of Financial Position means amounts in the balance sheet before provisions. They are Disbursed and part of exposures. 
** 
Off Statement of Financial Position refers to letters of credit, guarantees and loans committed but not yet disbursed. They do not form part of exposures.

--- Page 101 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
Total Portfolio by Borrower Type 
The following table shows the distribution of the Bank's portfolio on a gross basis by type of borrower as at 
31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020: 
 
Year Ended 31 December 
Balance USD '000 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
2018 
 
 
USD 
% 
 
USD 
% 
 
USD 
% 
Type of Borrower 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Large Enterprises / Corporations 
1,347,906 
25% 
 
1,089,927 
21% 
 
969,215 
23% 
Small and Medium Enterprises 
190,366 
3% 
 
171,030 
3% 
 
196,175 
5% 
Banks & Financial Institutions 
459,247 
8% 
 
214,239 
4% 
 
128,857 
3% 
Governmental/Parastatals 
3,476,242 
64% 
 
3,607,445 
71% 
 
2,979,069 
70% 
Total 
5,473,762 
100% 
 
5,082,642 
100% 
 
4,273,316 
100% 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020, nine countries account for 85% of the Bank's net country exposure as at 31 December 
2020, (2019: 85%) and efforts are continuing to further diversify the country exposures. All the borrowers have 
been performing satisfactorily. The exposures are aligned to the key economic drivers of the Issuer Member 
States and are diversified from a geographical and sectoral perspective. 
Somalia and Eritrea 
In line with its internal policies, the Bank does not have any exposure in Somalia and Eritrea given their long-
standing capital arrears. In addition, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter, the Bank has consistently 
set off each Issuer Member State's stock dividend entitlements against their capital arrears and accumulated 
penalty interest. 
Collateral Arrangements 
The Bank seeks to protect its interests in the event of unpredictable and extreme factors that may negatively 
affect a borrower's capacity to service its loan by calling for security or credit enhancement to be put in place. 
This includes mortgage interest on property, registered securities over financed or third-party assets and third-
party guarantees. 
In PIF, the Bank's minimum-security coverage on project and infrastructure transactions is 1.3 times the loan 
amount in relation to the market value of assets offered as collateral. The Bank aims to be conservative in 
estimating the market values of the securities offered and, in all cases, insists on independent valuation by a 
valuer approved by the Bank. 
In trade finance transactions where the commodity is being financed, debtors and other illiquid assets are 
offered as collateral. The minimum security coverage is 1.25 times. However, in cases where liquid security 
such as cash, credit risk insurance and treasury bills are offered as collateral, the security coverage threshold is 
pegged at 1.10 times. 
In assessing security, the Bank considers the following assets or a combination thereof as acceptable collateral 
for lending exposures for: 
(a) 
Cash deposits or liens over cash deposits in a major or freely convertible currency with at least a 10 
per cent. margin, for currency risk where the lending currency may differ from the collateral currency. 
(b) 
Legal charges or mortgage bonds over real estate in the form of land and buildings recently valued 
(not more than one year) by approved property valuers. For the purposes of calculating a security value 
the Bank will discount market valuations by at least 20 per cent. to account for market fluctuations 
and forced sale values. 
(c) 
All asset debentures over a company's assets as specified in their audited balance sheets with a margin 
of at least 20 per cent. to cater for market value fluctuations.

--- Page 102 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
(d) 
Specific debentures and liens over stocks of the financed commodities. In structured commodity 
financing, the commodity being financed shall form the security of the facility with a margin of not 
less than 20 per cent. to cater for price and market volatility. 
(e) 
Liens over treasury bills issued by the governments of the Issuer Member States with a margin of at 
least 10 per cent. to cover currency risk. 
(f) 
Bank guarantees, inward letters of credit, bankers' acceptances, promissory notes and similar 
contingent instruments issued in favour of the Bank by first class rated institutions. 
(g) 
Corporate, parent company, personal and shareholders guarantees backed by identifiable assets or 
instruments pledged in favour of the Bank. 
(h) 
Any other security which may be deemed acceptable by the Credit Committee on a case-by-case basis. 
In all instances, the Bank carries out due diligence on the assets offered as security to ensure the Bank's rights 
on enforceability and liquidation are protected with the necessary attendant insurances and other protections in 
place for the security to be deemed acceptable. 
The Bank's policies require that fully implemented projects should be valued to establish their net worth. 
Subsequently, the Bank undertakes quarterly securities reviews during its routine supervision missions. 
The security coverage ratio is improved by the decline in the Bank's exposure through regular repayments 
made by performing loans. For performing loan accounts, the Bank's exposure declines gradually as a result of 
regular repayments thereby improving the security coverage ratio. The Bank regularly revalues assets charged 
to the Lender as collateral. If deterioration of the securities is evident arrangements will be negotiated with the 
respective borrowers to make up for the difference. 
The following table shows the composition of the Bank's collateral as at 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
  
Year ended 31 December 
Collateral Type 
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
Value 
U.S.$'000 
% 
Value 
U.S.$'000 
% 
Value 
U.S.$'000 
% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Mortgages on properties  
406,496 
7% 
349,615 
7% 
587,972 
10% 
Fixed charge on plant & equipment  
561,481 
10% 
420,609 
9% 
786,376 
13% 
Cash deposits  
982,878 
18% 
936,483 
19% 
1,087,467 
18% 
Sovereign undertakings   
68,676 
1% 
141,549 
3% 
381,906 
6% 
Other Floating All Asset Debenture 
905,230 
16% 
601,852 
12% 
63,678 
1% 
Insurance and Guarantees 
2,564,069 
47% 
2,494,250 
50% 
2,979,738 
51% 
Total  
5,488,830 
100% 
4,944,358 
100% 
5,887,137 
100% 
 
The following table summarises the geographical distribution of the Bank's collateral for the years ended 31 
December 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
 
2020 
 
 
2019 
 
 
2018 
 
Country 
 
Value in 
USD'000 
% 
 
Value in 
USD'000 
% 
 
Value USD 
'000 
% 
Burundi  
 
         14,573  
0.27% 
 
             14,617  
0.30% 
 
         26,136  
0.44% 
Comoros 
 
         13,387  
0.24% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Djibouti  
 
           2,835  
0.05% 
 
               2,835  
0.06% 
 
           7,975  
0.14% 
DR Congo  
 
       102,430  
1.87% 
 
             93,582  
1.89% 
 
       121,005  
2.06% 
Egypt  
 
                 -    
0.00% 
 
                     -    
0.00% 
 
         29,334  
0.50% 
Eswatini 
 
                 -    
0.00% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ethiopia  
 
       424,027  
7.73% 
 
           235,003  
4.75% 
 
       128,957  
2.19% 
Kenya  
 
       574,256  
10.46% 
 
           507,870  
10.27% 
 
       916,916  
15.57% 
 Madagascar  
 
           4,500  
0.08%

--- Page 103 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
Malawi  
 
       421,564  
7.68% 
 
           513,835  
10.39% 
 
       343,026  
5.83% 
Mauritius  
 
       254,095  
4.63% 
 
           155,848  
3.15% 
 
         64,976  
1.10% 
Mozambique  
 
         92,561  
1.69% 
 
           186,035  
3.76% 
 
           9,332  
0.16% 
Rwanda  
 
       780,347  
14.22% 
 
           504,065  
10.19% 
 
       705,156  
11.98% 
Seychelles  
 
       138,698  
2.53% 
 
               7,483  
0.15% 
 
         14,236  
0.24% 
Sudan  
 
       841,165  
15.33% 
 
           843,520  
17.06% 
 
       756,768  
12.85% 
Tanzania  
 
       471,979  
8.60% 
 
           390,021  
7.89% 
 
       385,086  
6.54% 
Uganda  
 
       226,674  
4.13% 
 
           229,436  
4.64% 
 
       330,774  
5.62% 
Zambia  
 
       438,963  
8.00% 
 
           660,097  
13.35% 
 
       769,352  
13.07% 
Zimbabwe  
 
       686,776  
12.51% 
 
           600,110  
12.14% 
 
    1,278,108  
21.71% 
Total  
 
    5,488,830  
100.00% 
 
        4,944,358  
100.00% 
 
    5,887,137  
100.00% 
 
 
 
Collateral Enforcement 
The Bank's collateral enforcement experiences differ from one country to another. In enforcing collateral the 
Bank uses a combination of direct foreclosures, receivership and legal enforcement mechanisms such as court 
action.  
These experiences largely reflect the efficiency of the legal processes in terms of determining the outcomes of 
any legal challenges that may be raised by aggrieved borrowers. 
The following table summarises the Bank's recovery experience on non-performing loans as at 31 December 
2020. 
 
 
The lower recovery rates on trade finance loans reflect the nature of collateral which mostly comprises stocks, 
receivables and other current assets. 
Strategic Partnerships 
In order to diversify its network of business partnerships, the Bank intends to remain an active member of a 
number of global and regional networks and alliances. These include the Global Network of Export Import 
Banks and International Development Financial Institutions ("GNEXID"), the Association of African 
Development Financial Institutions ("AADFI"), the Alliance of African International Financial Institutions 
("AAIFI"), the International Development Finance Club ("IDFC"), the Corporate Council of Africa ("CCA"), 
the African Economic Research Consortium ("AERC") and Alliance of African International Financial 
Institutions ("AAIF"). The Bank has also entered into an export credit funding cooperation agreement with the 
Development Bank of Belarus. 
As part of its drive to diversify and grow its funding base, the Bank will strengthen existing relationships with 
institutions such as the African Development Bank, the European Financing Partnership, the Export-Import 
Bank of India, the China Development Bank and USAID. 
Details 
Year Ended 31 December 2020 
Non-Performing Loans 
Principal Disbursed 
Cumulative Recoveries 
Recovery % 
 
USD'000 
USD'000 
 
Trade Finance 
53,617 
29,167 
54% 
Projects Finance 
149,892 
131,151 
87% 
Total 
203,509 
160,318 
79%

--- Page 104 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
GNEXID 
GNEXID aims to boost bilateral and multilateral agreements of various kinds among export-import banks and 
development financial institutions based in developing countries. The network was founded in 2006 in Geneva 
based on the recognition of the importance of South-South trade and investment flows as drivers of economic 
growth in the developing world. Cooperation by GNEXID's members is expected to reduce the costs of trade 
between developing nations, spurring investment across borders and making financing more readily available 
to new and innovative businesses and enabling the growth of niche markets. GNEXID allows members to learn 
from each other's experiences and share effective practices for entering new markets and establishing risk 
sharing methods for investments. Currently, the network has a membership of 24 institutions including Exim 
Bank of India, Afrexim Bank, Andean Development Corporation (Venezuela), Bank Ekspor of Indonesia, 
Caribbean Development Bank, Export Import Bank of Romania and State Export-Import Bank of Ukraine. 
AADFI 
Headquartered in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire, AADFI is an international organisation created under the auspices of 
the African Development Bank in 1975 with a membership comprising banking and financial institutions 
engaged in development finance activities in Africa. The main activities of the AADFI are the provision of 
information and training in the techniques of banking and finance as well as development policy advice to 
African bankers and finance officers. AADFI organises various training programmes comprising skills-base 
workshops and policy seminars aimed at assisting member-institutions to improve and update their technical 
competence and structures in line with the changing development needs of their countries. 
AAIFI 
Established in 2009, AAIFI is an alliance of African international financial institutions. Unlike AADFI whose 
membership comprises national and regional development finance institutions, AAIFI's membership is drawn 
from commercial banks and development finance institutions operating in multiple African countries. Among 
the objectives of AAIFI include sharing of information and experiences, risk sharing, pursuit of investment 
banking opportunities and promotion of reciprocal funds placement arrangements among members. 
IDFC 
The International Development Finance Club is an association of national and sub-regional Development 
Banks that support the realisation of national and international development plans through resource 
mobilisation assistance and technical advisory support. Members of the IDFC collaborate and pool expertise, 
resources best practices, and networks, amongst other assets, to add value to development projects and to 
resolve strategic and structural development challenges. 
CCA 
Corporate Council on Africa (CCA) is a leading U.S. business association focused solely on connecting 
business interests in Africa. Established in 1993 to promote business and investment between the United States 
and the nations of Africa, CCA serves as a neutral intermediary connecting its member firms with the essential 
government and business leaders in Africa. CCA uniquely represents a broad cross section of member 
companies from small and medium size businesses to multinationals as well as U.S. and African firms. 
AERC 
Established in 1988, the African Economic Research Consortium is a capacity building institution to inform 
economic policies in sub-Saharan Africa. AERC has three primary components: research, training and policy 
outreach. The organisation integrates economic policy research, postgraduate training and policy outreach 
within a network of researchers, universities and policy makers in Africa and worldwide. 
Related Party Transactions 
The Bank's principal related parties are its Issuer Member States. The Bank makes loans to some of its Issuer 
Member States or to entities either controlled or significantly influenced by some of its Issuer Member States. 
In addition, the Bank secures lines of credit from certain Issuer Member States or institutions either controlled 
or significantly influenced by members. Loans and borrowings to or from related parties are made at market 
interest rates and are subject to commercial negotiations on the terms and conditions.

--- Page 105 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
The table below shows the loans and borrowings to/from related parties as at 31 December 2018, 2019, and 
2020. 
  
  
Year ended 31 December 
  
  
2020 
  
2019 
  
2018 
  
  
U.S.$'000 
Loans to Member States  
  
               2,529,746  
  
2,397,404 
  
     1,802,388  
Borrowings from Member States 
  
                  188,750  
  
207,500 
  
        158,746  
Interest Income earned  
  
                  228,237  
  
180,128 
  
        180,128  
Interest Expense incurred 
  
                      9,067  
  
9,368 
 
            9,368  
Fees and commission earned  
  
                    14,794  
  
20,406 
 
          20,406  
 
Material Litigation 
To the best of the Bank's knowledge there is no material litigation, prosecution or other civil or criminal legal 
action against the Bank or any of its Directors, which if found against the Bank may have a significant effect 
on the Bank and/or its business financial condition and operational results. With respect to the matters disclosed 
below, no provisions have been made as, in the opinion of the senior management of the Bank, it is unlikely 
that any significant loss will arise.

--- Page 106 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT AND ASSET QUALITY 
As a self-regulated supranational institution, the Bank nonetheless strives to comply with all applicable 
prudential risk management standards and also aims to adopt the best practices in its industry. The Bank 
recognises that having a robust risk management framework and communicating this clearly to stakeholders 
can be a source of competitive advantage. Accordingly, there is a sustained focus on the overall risk 
management at the Bank driven by overarching objectives of achieving sustainable growth and attainment of 
investment grade rating. The Board has the overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the 
Bank's risk management framework. The Board has embedded a comprehensive risk management framework 
for measuring, monitoring, controlling and mitigating various risks. 
At management level, the Bank-wide Integrated Risk Management Committee ("BIRMC") is responsible for 
monitoring compliance with the Bank's risk management policies and procedures and for the review of the 
adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Bank. BIRMC undertakes 
regular as well as ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures, the results of which are reported 
to the Board. 
Financial management 
The Bank has continued implementing changes to build on its financial management performance. 
The Bank is implementing a decision support tool which will be used to run scenarios in order to test the 
sensitivity of key outputs to different input assumptions and to predict financial results with greater confidence. 
The model will have a robust "What If" functionality to analyse a number of scenarios given a set of parameters, 
including capital adequacy, leverage, non-performing loans, impairments, liquidity, margin management. This 
is in addition to the enhancements to the SAP Enterprise Resource Planning which were implemented to 
enhance utilisation and return on investment. 
Risk Management 
The Bank has continued to strengthen its risk management framework to ensure that the risk function performs 
a key role in independently identifying, assessing, mitigating, controlling, monitoring and reporting significant 
risks facing the Bank. The Bank continues to base its risk management framework on a well-established 
governance process, relying both on individual responsibility and collective oversight, and by being supported 
by a comprehensive reporting and escalation process. The industry standard three lines of defence model is 
embedded in the Bank's operating model. In the first line of defence, line management is principally responsible 
for risk management. Business Unit managers are responsible for identification and appropriate reporting of 
risks to the various governance bodies of the Bank. The Risk Management function represents the second line 
of defence and is independent of line management. The Risk Management function is essentially accountable 
for establishing and maintaining the Bank's risk management framework as well as providing risk oversight as 
well as independently reporting on such matters to Senior Management and the Board. The risk department 
now includes a Chief Risk Officer, a Director of Credit Risk, a Head of Credit Risk, a Head of Enterprise Risk 
and a Head of Compliance. The third line of defence consists of internal auditors which provide an independent 
assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of the control environment. The internal audit function reports 
independently to the Board Audit Committee. In this regard, the Bank has implemented a number of measures 
aimed at strengthening its risk management capacity, which include upgrading the function to a fully-fledged 
department with dedicated credit risk and internal audit co-ordinating units. 
Lending Limits 
The Bank has a Credit Risk Appetite Statement aimed at effective portfolio management to mitigate the extent 
of maximum credit losses that can be absorbed within the core lending activities while optimising returns 
against capital held. 
The credit risk appetite is achieved through a mandate and limits framework to achieve the following 
objectives: 
(a) 
limit concentration risk; 
(b) 
keep business activities within business mandates; 
(c) 
ensure activities remain of an appropriate scale relative to the underlying risk and reward; and

--- Page 107 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
(d) 
ensure risk taking is supported by appropriate expertise and capabilities. 
The core limits and mandates used by the Bank are identified below. 
Country limits 
The Bank's credit policies stipulate that credit exposure to any one Issuer Member State shall not exceed 30 
per cent. of the total value of outstanding loans (all such credit limits are on a gross basis). 
Given the risk capacity set as above, the Bank has further developed risk differentiated country risk appetite 
limits that consider country risk rating scores adjusted for debt absorption capacity and Bank exposure strategy 
for each country.  
Sector limits 
The Bank maintains a well-diversified portfolio across various economic sectors by ensuring that exposure to 
any one sector does not exceed 25 per cent. of the total loan portfolio outstanding. However, in view of the 
strategic nature and their significant contribution to GDP in almost all Issuer Member States, exposure within 
the following three priority sectors have been assigned a higher appetite limit as below: 
(a) 
Oil & Gas at 40 per cent.: to reflect opportunities in downstream segment in the Issuer Member States 
that are net importers of oil a gas products, as well as upstream and downstream opportunities in Issuer 
Member States with newly discovered and undeveloped reserves; 
(b) 
Agri-business at 35 per cent.: key GDP driver in the Issuer Member States economies with attendant 
opportunities in agro-processing and integrated value chain; and 
(c) 
Infrastructure at 35 per cent.: key opportunities with sovereigns for deficit infrastructure development 
either through direct sovereign funding or public private partnerships. 
Single Obligor Limits 
To protect the Bank's risk capital and maintain financial stability, the single obligor limit ("SOL") is linked to 
the adequacy of the Bank's risk bearing capacity of its risk capital comprising of paid in capital and reserves. 
SOL hierarchy also considers the Bank's role as a development finance institution in the Issuer Member States. 
The SOL is risk based, considering borrower risk ratings and corresponding facility amounts as a percentage 
of the Bank's capital and reserves as highlighted in the table below: 
Borrower 
Rating 
Credit Quality 
Single 
company 
Economic groups 
within single 
country 
Diversified economic 
groups and multi-
country 
Sovereign 
and 
sovereign 
guaranteed 
Secondary 
market loan 
participation 
 
 
 
Limit 
Limit 
Limit 
Limit 
Limit 
1-7 
Very Low Risk 
20% 
25% 
30% 
30% 
10% 
8-10 
Low Risk 
15% 
20% 
25% 
25% 
5% 
11-12 
Moderate Risk 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
5% 
13-14 
High Risk 
5% 
5% 
5% 
10% 
0% 
15-16 
Very High Risk 
2% 
2% 
2% 
2% 
N/A 
17 
Default 
N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
Lending Authority 
The Bank's lending authorities are risk-based considering borrower risk ratings and corresponding facility 
amounts as a percentage of the Bank's capital and reserves. The final hold amount is also constrained by the 
defined single obligor risk-based limits.

--- Page 108 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
The following table defines the Corporate Credit Committee's gross lending mandates as delegated from the 
Board of Directors. Any amounts above the thresholds are referred to the Board of Directors through 
INVESCO: 
Borrower ratings and description 
Products 
 
Short and Medium Term (Up to 3 years) 
Long term (>3 years) 
Borrower 
Rating 
Credit Quality 
Structured & Self-Liquidating 
Facilities 
Short term loans 
Project and 
Infrastructure Finance 
1 -7 ..........  
Very Low Risk 
20% of capital and reserves 
Maximum USD 100m 
Max USD 75m 
5% 
of 
capital 
and 
reserves 
Maximum USD 50m 
8 –10 .......  
Low Risk 
15% of capital and reserves 
Maximum USD 75m 
Max USD 50m 
3% 
of 
capital 
and 
reserves 
Maximum USD 30m 
11-12 .......  
Moderate Risk 
10% of capital and reserves 
Maximum USD 50m 
Max USD 30m 
2% 
of 
capital 
and 
reserves 
Maximum USD 20m 
13-14 .......  
High Risk 
5% 
of 
capital 
and 
reserves 
Maximum USD 20m 
Max USD 20m 
1% 
of 
capital 
and 
reserves 
Maximum USD 10m 
15-17 .......  
Very High Risk/Default 
N/A 
 
 
 
Loan Reviews 
The Bank's Portfolio Management Department ("PMD") undertakes a review of the portfolio and submits a 
report to the Board on a quarterly basis. At the management level, the Arrears Recovery Committee ("ARC") 
meets on a quarterly basis to review PMD's report on accounts experiencing significant loan repayment 
difficulties. ARC deliberates, approves and where appropriate provides guidance to PMD's recommendations 
for appropriate loan workout measures to be implemented for such accounts. 
Loans Classification System 
The classification of loans is dependent on the performance of the underlying facilities evidenced by the loan 
repayment ability of the borrowers. 
In line with best practices adopted by commercial banks and central banks in the region, the Bank has adopted 
a seven-category loan classification system ("LCC") as shown below: 
The Bank's Credit Risk Assessment System ("CRAS") rating ("PTAR") 
CRAS rating 
Internal Loan Classification 
Categories (LCC) 
IFRS 9 Categorisation 
Pass/Acceptable 
LCC 1 
 
Stage 1 
 
LCC 2 
 
Stage 1 
Special Mention 
LCC 3 
 
Stage 2 
 
LCC 4 
 
Stage 2 
Substandard 
LCC 5 
 
Stage 3 
Bad & Doubtful 
LCC 6 
 
Stage 3 
Loss 
LCC 7 
 
Stage 3 
 
LCC 1& 2: Stage 1 
Loans in this category are fully protected by the sound net-worth and paying capacity of the borrower, are 
performing in accordance with contractual terms, and are expected to continue doing so. Loans under this 
category are further classified as "Low Risk" or "Satisfactory Risk". 
LCC 3 &4: Stage 2 
Loans under this category are generally performing well but exhibit potential weaknesses that may, if not 
corrected, weaken the borrower's capacity to repay. The weaknesses may result in the Bank's position not being 
adequately protected. Examples of such weaknesses include but are not limited to: inability to properly 
supervise due to an inadequate loan agreement; deteriorating condition or control of collateral; and/or 
deteriorating economic conditions or adverse trends in the borrower's financial position which may, if not 
checked, jeopardise repayment capacity. In terms of the age of arrears, the project loan and/or trade finance

--- Page 109 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
loans will have been due for between 31 and 90 days. Loans under this category are further classified as "Fair 
Risk" or "Watch List" depending on the financial condition of the loan. 
LCC 5,6 & 7: Stage 3 
Loans in this category are considered un-collectible or of such little value that their continuance as bankable 
assets is not warranted. However, the classification of a loan as a loss does not necessarily mean that there is 
no recovery or salvage value. Generally, project and trade finance loans that have been due for more than 365 
days shall be classified as a "loss" unless such loan is well secured, legal action has actually commenced, and 
timely realisation of the collateral or enforcement of the guarantees can be expected. 
The following tables sets out information about the credit quality and credit risk exposure of financial assets 
measured at amortised cost and loans and receivables as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018: 
 
31 December 2020 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Project finance loans: 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
Pass/Acceptable 
1,871,236,148 
- 
- 
1,871,236,148 
Special mention 
- 
353,207,345 
- 
353,207,345 
Substandard, Doubtful & Loss 
- 
- 
67,820,124 
67,820,124 
 
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
  
1,871,236,148 
353,207,345 
67,820,124 
2,292,263,617 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(2,697,363) 
(31,725,588) 
(33,063,944) 
(67,486,895) 
 
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
1,868,538,785 
321,481,757 
34,756,180 
2,224,776,722 
 
============ 
========== 
========== 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade finance loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pass/ acceptable 
2,899,754,462 
- 
- 
2,899,754,462 
Special mention 
- 
192,006,952 
- 
192,006,952 
Substandard, Doubtful & Loss 
- 
- 
89,735,648 
89,735,648 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
  
2,899,754,462 
192,006,952 
89,735,648 
3,181,497,062 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(18,082,726) 
(6,862,240) 
(71,917,281) 
(96,862,247) 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
2,881,671,736 
185,144,712 
17,818,367 
3,084,634,815 
 
============ 
============ 
========== 
============ 
 
 
 
   
31 December 2019 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Project finance loans: 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
Pass/Acceptable 
1,927,357,463 
- 
- 
1,927,357,463 
Special mention 
- 
171,275,360 
- 
171,275,360 
Substandard, Doubtful & Loss 
- 
- 
48,362,733 
48,362,733 
 
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
  
1,927,357,463 
171,275,360 
48,362,733 
2,146,995,556 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(4,611,448) 
(8,649,252) 
(27,397,273) 
(40,657,973) 
 
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
1,922,746,015 
162,626,108 
20,965,460 
2,106,337,583 
 
============ 
========== 
========== 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade finance loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pass/ acceptable 
2,711,660,871 
- 
- 
2,711,660,871 
Special mention 
- 
153,870,032 
- 
153,870,032 
Substandard, Doubtful & Loss 
- 
- 
70,115,393 
70,115,393 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________

--- Page 110 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
2,711,660,871 
153,870,032 
70,115,393 
2,935,646,296 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(1,387,516) 
(4,860,111) 
(64,231,748) 
(70,479,375) 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
2,710,273,355 
149,009,921 
5,883,645 
2,865,166,921 
 
============ 
============ 
========== 
============ 
 
 
 
   
31 December 2018 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Project finance loans: 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
Pass/Acceptable 
1,254,771,124 
- 
- 
1,254,771,124 
Special mention 
- 
180,999,353 
- 
180,999,353 
Substandard, Doubtful & Loss 
- 
- 
24,147,841 
24,147,841 
 
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
  
1,254,771,124 
180,999,353 
24,147,841 
1,459,918,318 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(1,584,648) 
(4,627,035) 
(24,147,841) 
(30,359,524) 
 
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
1,253,186,476 
176,372,318 
- 
1,429,558,794 
 
============ 
========== 
========== 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade finance loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pass/ acceptable 
2,527,025,580 
- 
- 
2,527,025,580 
Special mention 
- 
211,163,777 
- 
211,163,777 
Substandard, Doubtful & Loss 
- 
- 
75,208,489 
75,208,489 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
  
2,527,025,580 
211,163,777 
75,208,489 
2,813,397,846 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(2,470,667) 
(2,273,805) 
(75,208,489) 
(79,952,961) 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
2,524,554,913 
208,889,972 
- 
2,733,444,885 
 
============ 
============ 
========== 
============ 
 
Restructured Loans 
Restructured loans originate from a distress situation, increased credit risk affecting cashflows generation. 
Main features of restructure include extension of tenor by 12 months or longer, unchanged interest rate for 
most of the facilities, moratorium of capital for 12 months or longer. 
Impaired Loans 
Loans are identified as impaired when arrears on principal or interest are more than 90 days overdue or when 
there is adverse development (such as significant deterioration in the value of collateral) which creates 
significant doubt on the collectability of the principal loan and interest. At a minimum, all loans classified as 
substandard and below are considered impaired. 
Provisions for Impairment Losses 
Judgement is made in establishing the criterion for determining whether credit risk on the financial instrument 
has increased significantly since initial recognition, determining methodology for incorporating forward-
looking information into measurement of Expected Credit Losses ("ECLs") and selection and approvals of 
models used to measure ECL. 
Assets accounted for at amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income are evaluated for 
impairment as per Accounting policy.  
 
TDB Group recognises loss allowance at an amount equal to either 12-month expected credit losses (ECLs) or 
lifetime ECLs. Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life

--- Page 111 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
of a financial instrument, whereas 12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that 
are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date. 
For credit exposures where there have not been significant increases in credit risk since initial recognition, the 
Bank provides for 12-month ECLs. These are classified as Stage 1 assets. 
For credit exposures where there have been significant increases in credit risk since initial recognition on an 
individual or collective basis, a loss allowance is required for lifetime ECLs. These are classified as Stage 2 
assets. 
For credit exposures that are credit impaired and in default, similar to stage 2 assets, a loss allowance is required 
for lifetime ECLs however the probability of default for these assets is presumed to be 100% less any 
determined recovery and cure rate. When a loan is known to be uncollectible, all the necessary legal procedures 
have been completed and the final loss has been determined, such a loan is written off against the related 
provision for impairment. Loans write-offs exceeding USD 1.0 million have to be approved by the Board. 
Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are included in the income statement. 
The following table sets forth information regarding the Bank's impaired loans as at 31 December 2018, 2019 
and 2020. 
  
Year ended 31 December 
  
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
U.S.$'000 
Impaired Loans – Projects & Infrastructure  
          67,820  
48,363 
24,148 
Impaired Loans – trade finance  
          89,736  
70,115 
76,467 
Total Impaired Loans  
        157,556  
        118,478  
100,615  
Stage 3 Provisions for Impairment  
        104,976  
91,629 
99,356 
Stage 1 & 2 Provisions for Impairment  
          59,368  
19,509 
10,956 
Total Provisions  
        164,344  
        111,138  
110,312  
Total Provisions/Total Impaired Loans  
104.3% 
93.8% 
109.6% 
Impaired Loans as a per cent. of total loans  
2.88% 
2.33% 
2.35% 
 
Asset quality as depicted by the ratio of impaired loans as a percentage of total loans was2.88 per cent. as at 
31 December 2020, 2.33 per cent. as at December 2019 and 35 per cent as at 31 December 2018, while the 
ratio of total provisions to total impaired loans was 104.3 per cent. in 2020, 93.8 percent in 2019, and 109.6 
per cent. in 2018. 
The table below shows distribution of non-performing loans by geography as at 31 December 2020 
Country 
 % of Portfolio  
Burundi 
9% 
Egypt 
19% 
Kenya 
21% 
Rwanda 
8% 
Sudan 
21% 
Uganda 
15% 
Zambia 
7% 
 
100% 
 
The following table sets forth the information regarding the sector distribution of the non-performing loans as 
at 31 December 2020. 
Sector 
  
 
% of Portfolio 
Agribusiness  
 
 
43.3% 
Hospitality  
 
 
13.3%

--- Page 112 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
ICT  
 
 
7.3% 
Real Estate  
 
 
6.8% 
Wholesale & Commodity Traders 
 
18.7% 
Construction 
 
 
10.6% 
 
 
 
100.0%

--- Page 113 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
LIQUIDITY AND INVESTMENT POLICIES 
The management of liquidity is a critical treasury function aimed at ensuring that the Bank is in a position to 
meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due. The Bank currently manages its liquidity on a daily 
(3-months rolling) and monthly (24-months rolling) basis using criteria of bucketing assets, liabilities and off-
balance sheet items in terms of maturity. Asset liability profile is prepared under the most prudent consideration 
of maturity dates with assets being classified according to the latest possible repayment date and liabilities 
being classified according to the earliest possible repayment date. Any significant negative gaps in each bucket 
are monitored and appropriate remedies instituted. 
The Bank aims to maintain liquid assets to total assets ratio of at least 10 per cent. Designated liabilities include 
forward rolling 12 months of long-term debt service obligations, disbursements not funded under any line of 
credit, committed capital expenditures and 12 months of administration expenses. 
Historically, the liquid assets balance has been above the minimum ratio of 10 per cent. because the Bank, for 
reasons of prudence, holds a liquidity buffer above the 10 per cent. minimum requirement. This is due to timing 
differences on anticipated facility disbursements. In addition, the buffer helps to cushion the Bank since it has 
no central bank lender of last resort. 
As part of its ALCO reporting package, treasury submits for discussion a 24-months rolling forecast. This 
forecast captures all the contractual loan receipts and other inflows, as well as maturing debt repayments, and 
other such outflows. As part of this exercise, pre-ALCO discussions are held with concerned departments to 
increase the accuracy of the forecast through assumed and or informed adjustments to disbursements, receipts 
and such other relevant items. With this constrained view, the Bank determines the possible timings of its pre-
approved funding initiatives to match business needs. These are thereafter discussed and firmed up as agreed 
positions and / or with actions to be taken or for monitoring with a view to ensure the Bank is well resourced. 
The Bank takes every possible step to avoid a funding contingency situation, using stress testing to predict 
potential problems. The Bank has developed a contingency plan that was approved by the Board of Directors 
in April 2018. This plan is a go-to practical live working document that describes the process via which the 
plan is enforced and includes details of the alternative funding sources that can be accessed in the event of 
liquidity stress. 
The Bank defines a liquidity contingency situation as the state reached when the Bank's day-to-day liquidity 
management processes (including the use of committed lines) are unable to maintain a sufficient level of 
liquidity. This situation, if left unchecked, might result in a breach of internal limits, and in extreme conditions 
may result in an inability to carry on business. 
The Bank's liquidity contingency plan is based on the following principles: 
(a) 
predicting potential problems; 
(b) 
mitigating the problem where possible; 
(c) 
maintaining a robust contingency plan; and, 
(d) 
maintaining up to date alternative, tested, funding sources. 
Investments of short-term surplus funds are made in various short-term instruments subject to counter-party 
exposure limits approved by ALCO. Unless otherwise approved, investments in call deposits, certificates of 
deposits, term deposits, commercial paper and corporate bonds shall be made with banks and institutions with 
investment grade credit ratings. The investments are made in eligible currencies in which resources have been 
raised in order to mitigate currency risk. The Bank developed an investment framework that was approved by 
the Board of Directors in December 2019.

--- Page 114 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
FUNDING AND TREASURY AND HEDGING 
Funding 
In order to fulfill its developmental mandate, the Bank aims to increase and diversify its funding base by 
utilising bilateral lines of credit, letters of credit confirmation and refinancing limits, term deposits bond 
issuances and export credit agency relationships. Loan syndications, the Euro bond market and international 
financial institutions are expected to provide further diversification in terms of funding. 
The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Bank's borrowings as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
 
USD '000 
 
Borrowings 
 
 
 
Short-Term Borrowings 
 
 
 
Certificates of deposits ........................................................................................ 
- 
1,680 
1,244 
Other Short-term borrowings .............................................................................. 
2,407,477 
2,463,568 
2,382,010 
Total Short-term borrowings ........................................................................... 
2,407,477 
2,465,248 
2,383,254 
Long-Term Borrowings 
 
 
 
Development Financial Institutions .................................................................... 
454,446 
479,164 
409,543 
Export Credit Agencies ....................................................................................... 
393,427 
250,113 
513 
Foreign currency bonds ....................................................................................... 
700,000 
917,031 
300,000 
Local currency bonds .......................................................................................... 
110,269 
7,558 
10,654 
Other long-term borrowings ................................................................................ 
123,889 
54,424 
73,505 
Total Long-term borrowings ............................................................................ 
1,782,031 
1,708,290 
794,215 
Total borrowings ............................................................................................... 
4,165,285 
4,022,852 
3,163,537 
 
Treasury and Hedging 
The primary objective of the Bank's treasury operations is to mobilise sufficient resources to fund approved 
operational and administrative programmes and to effectively manage the Bank's liquidity, interest rate and 
foreign exchange risks in order to safeguard the Bank's financial integrity, protect its capital and generate 
adequate investment returns. 
The Bank's Treasury department is responsible for the management of market risks within the parameters 
established by the BIRMC /Assets and Liabilities Committee ("ALCO"). This forum, chaired by the Group 
Managing Director or his designate, is responsible for the review and monitoring of risk management practices 
across the Bank as well as asset and liability management. 
Given the Bank's non-complex activities and relatively short-term balance sheet structure, the Bank has a low 
interest rate risk profile. The Bank's conservative hedging policies involve mainly matching of assets and 
liabilities in terms of currency and interest rate attributes. Accordingly, it aims to match (to the extent possible) 
the currency of its borrowings with the currency of its loans. On interest rates, the Bank's policies require the 
matching of fixed rate borrowings with fixed rate loans and the matching of floating rate borrowings with 
floating rate loans. Floating rates are mainly based on LIBOR and re-pricing periods for both loans and 
borrowings are generally limited to no more than six months. 
The Bank uses interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps and currency forward contracts on a selective basis to 
mitigate interest rate and currency risks that cannot be effectively mitigated through matching approaches. 
Short Term Borrowings 
Lines of credit are short-term in nature and are uncommitted. These facilities are essentially utilised for 
refinancing of issued letters of credit for trade finance transactions. Accordingly, the maturities as advised 
below reflect the maturity of the latest documentary financing issued by the relevant lender. Where the stated 
maturity date occurred on or before 31 December 2020, the loan has been repaid and the details have been 
included here solely for comparative purposes. Typically, the refinancing tenors range from 90 - 360 days. 
The table below indicates the Bank's short-term borrowings as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
respectively. 
2020 
2019 
2018

--- Page 115 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
USD '000 
 
SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
African Trade Insurance Agency  
 
 
 
- 
1,680 
1,244 
 
 
 
 
- 
1,680 
1,244 
 
 
 
 
OTHER SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS  
Date 
of 
Renewal/advance 
Maturity Date 
Currency 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Syndicated Loan- Middle First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC  
Dec-19 
Dec-22 
USD 
468,990 
451,472 
- 
Global Syndication 2020 
Dec-20 
Dec-22 
USD 
450,000 
- 
- 
Syndicated  Loan - Asia (I) 
Jun-19 
Jun-22 
USD 
400,000 
400,000 
- 
Global Syndicated Loan – 2016  
May-18 
Oct-22 
USD 
260,000 
460,000 
460,000 
Syndicated  Loan - Asia (II) 
Dec-20 
Dec-22 
USD 
225,000 
- 
- 
The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd 
Jun-19 
Jun-21 
USD 
150,000 
150,000 
- 
Samurai Syndication 
Dec-18 
Dec-21 
USD 
123,783 
146,763 
- 
CDC Group 
Dec-20 
Dec-22 
USD 
100,000 
- 
- 
NORFUND 
Dec-20 
Jun-21 
USD 
50,611 
- 
- 
Nedbank  
Oct-18 
Nov-21 
USD 
50,000 
50,000 
60,913 
Mizuho Bank London 
Oct-20 
Jul-21 
USD 
40,000 
- 
- 
Africa 50 Financement de Projets 
Nov-20 
Mar-21 
USD 
31,904 
- 
- 
Standard Chartered Bank London 
Jul-20 
May-21 
USD 
21,653 
- 
- 
KfW 
Jun-20 
Jun-21 
USD 
20,000 
- 
- 
Citibank 
Nov-20 
Apr-21 
USD 
9,247 
- 
- 
African Trade Insurance Agency-Staff Pension 
Sep-19 
Sep-21 
USD 
5,551 
- 
- 
Asia Syndicated Loan 2017  
Dec-17 
Dec-20 
USD 
- 
237,000 
237,000 
Mizuho Bank London  
Nov-18 
Nov-19 
USD 
- 
75,000 
75,000 
African Trade Insurance Agency 
Jan-19 
Sep-20 
USD 
- 
4,243 
- 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC  
Apr-19 
Apr-20 
USD 
- 
50,000 
- 
Citibank 
Sep-19 
Apr-20 
USD 
- 
79,511 
- 
Africa 50 Financement de Projets 
Oct-19 
Mar-20 
USD 
- 
31,447 
- 
BHF Bank 
Oct-19 
Mar-20 
USD 
- 
8,234 
- 
Mashreq Bank 
Dec-19 
Dec-20 
USD 
- 
100,000 
- 
Standard Bank Isle of Man 
Dec-19 
Nov-20 
USD 
- 
56,015 
- 
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Euro 
Dec-19 
Dec-20 
USD 
- 
50,000 
- 
KfW 
Dec-19 
Dec-20 
USD 
- 
46,500 
- 
Bank One Ltd 
Dec-19 
Mar-20 
USD 
- 
22,407 
- 
Standard Chartered Bank London 
Jan-20 
Oct-20 
USD 
- 
14,150 
- 
NORFUND 
Jun-20 
Dec-20 
USD 
- 
30,000 
- 
Asia Syndicated Loan – 2016  
Dec-17 
Jun-19 
USD 
- 
- 
340,000 
Middle East Syndicated Loan 2017  
Dec-17 
Dec-19 
USD 
- 
- 
329,302 
The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd  
Oct-18 
Dec-21 
USD 
- 
- 
221,220 
Standard Chartered Bank  
Dec-17 
Dec-20 
USD 
- 
- 
193,807 
Cargill Kenya Limited  
Dec-17 
Dec-19 
USD 
- 
- 
148,248 
Mashreq Bank  
Nov-18 
Nov-19 
EUR 
- 
- 
100,000 
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Euro  
Jul-18 
Feb-19 
EUR 
- 
- 
58,932 
KfW  
Dec-18 
Mar-19 
USD 
- 
- 
40,000 
Africa50  
Dec-18 
Mar-19 
USD 
- 
- 
39,762 
Citibank New York  
Nov-18 
Mar-19 
USD 
- 
- 
29,953 
Bank One Ltd  
Oct-18 
Jan-19 
USD 
- 
- 
22,871 
Standard Bank South Africa  
Sep-18 
Jan-19 
USD 
- 
- 
5,142 
ABSA Bank  
Oct-18 
Apr-19 
USD 
- 
- 
4,633 
African Trade Insurance Agency  
Jan-18 
Sep-19 
USD 
- 
- 
3,677 
BHF BANK  
Nov-18 
Feb-19 
USD 
- 
- 
2,140 
Commerzbank Frankfurt am Main  
Jul-18 
Jan-19 
USD 
- 
- 
306 
Sub Total for Other Short-Term Borrowings  
 
 
2,406,739 
2,462,741 
2,372,906 
Interest Payable  
 
 
 
738 
827 
9,104 
Certificate of Deposits  
 
 
 
- 
1,680 
1,244 
TOTAL SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS  
 
 
 
2,407,477 
2,465,248 
2,383,254 
 
Long-Term Borrowings 
The following table indicates the Bank's long-term borrowings as at 31 December 2020, 2018 and 2019 
respectively. Long-term lines of credit are committed in nature are essentially specific to identified sector(s) 
and countries by the Bank. These facilities are essentially utilised for financing of projects, not limited to 
infrastructure, that have a developmental impact and satisfy the Bank's eligibility criteria as well as additional 
screening required under each line of credit. The maturities reported in the table are as per financing agreement 
in place between the Bank and the respective funder(s).

--- Page 116 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
Date of 
Renewal/ 
disbursement 
Maturity Date 
Currency 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
USD '000 
USD '000 
USD '000 
Lender 
 
 
 
 
 
 
USD Eurobond Tranche III  
May‐19 
May‐24 
USD 
750,000 
750,000 
700,000 
USD Eurobond Tranche II  
Dec‐13 
Mar‐22 
USD 
700,000 
700,000 
- 
MIGA Guaranteed Syndicated  
Jul‐20 
Jun‐30 
EUR 
411,238 
- 
- 
The Exim -Import Bank of China  
Dec-17 
Dec-23 
USD 
250,000 
250,000 
250,000 
African Development Bank 
Nov‐08 
Mar‐29 
USD 
188,750 
207,500 
10,000 
KfW  
Dec-13 
Nov‐31 
USD 
145,714  
151,429  
107,143 
KFW IPEX  
Sep-16 
Dec-28 
USD 
96,383  
109,747  
123,112 
Industrial Development Corporation  
43160 
46054 
USD 
82,165 
87,156 
- 
Agence Francaise De Development (AFD)  
Dec‐17 
Aug‐35 
USD 
71,875 
57,000 
57,000 
European Investment Bank  
Aug‐16 
Dec‐34 
USD 
70,496 
82,239 
88,120 
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti  
Jul‐20 
Jun‐30 
EUR 
61,483 
- 
- 
OPEC Fund for International Development  
Mar‐19 
Jun‐23 
USD 
60,000  
20,000  
- 
CDC Group  
Oct-16 
Dec-25 
USD 
59,470 
72,727 
81,818 
Finnish Export Credit Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation  
42917 
47453 
USD 
53,922 
- 
- 
Oesterreichische Entwicklungsbank AG 
Jun‐20 
Jun‐30 
USD 
25,000 
- 
- 
Standard Chartered Bank / USAID  
Sep-17 
Mar-24 
USD 
16,912 
21,157 
13,478 
Development Bank of the Republic of Belarus  
Jun‐20 
Apr‐25 
USD 
15,678 
- 
- 
Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa  
Feb‐18 
Jan‐27 
USD 
13,125 
15,000 
- 
Private Export Funding Corporation  
Aug-11 
Oct-21 
USD 
5,206 
11,155 
17,105 
Development Bank of Southern Africa  
Mar‐07 
Jun‐21 
USD 
4,688 
14,063 
23,438 
African Development Bank  
Nov‐19 
Nov‐26 
USD 
2,994 
2,994 
158,746 
Japan Bank for International Corporation (JBIC)  
Jul-17 
Feb-24 
USD 
854 
29,204 
20,306 
Oldenburgische Landesbank AG 
Various 
Feb‐20 
USD 
- 
629 
- 
Tanzania local currency fixed rate bond 
Jun-15 
May-20 
TZS 
- 
983 
2,352 
Tanzania local currency floating rate bond  
Jun-15 
May-20 
TZS 
- 
982 
2,350 
China Development Bank  
Dec-08 
Mar-20 
USD 
- 
- 
20,000 
Exim Bank of India Loan  
Various 
Various 
USD 
- 
- 
8 
Uganda local currency fixed rate bond  
Mar-18 
Dec-27 
UGX 
- 
- 
100,565 
Uganda local currency floating rate bond  
Feb-18 
Sep-27 
UGX 
- 
- 
5,002 
KBC Bank  
Various 
Feb-20 
USD 
- 
- 
3,145 
Sub-total for long-term borrowings  
 
 
3,085,950 
2,583,965 
1,783,688 
Interest payable  
 
 
 
29,830 
28,520 
25,025 
 
 
 
 
3,115,780 
2,612,485 
1,808,713 
Deferred Expenditure  
 
 
 
 (64,256) 
 (20,956) 
 (26,682) 
Total long-term borrowings  
 
 
3,051,524 
2,591,529 
1,782,031 
 
Available Lines of Credit 
The following table sets forth the information regarding the Bank's available lines of credit as at 31 December 
2020, 2019 and 2020: 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
Short term 
Long term 
Short Term 
Long term 
Short term 
Long term 
 
USD '000 
Available Lines of Credit  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Facilities Available  
3,562,568 
4,985,586 
3,628,708 
3,816,536 
4,006,276 
2,640,065 
Facilities Utilised  
2,453,658 
3,618,213 
2,680,886 
3,051,833 
2,460,843 
2,295,125 
Facilities Unutilised  
1,108,909 
1,367,373 
947,821 
764,704 
1,545,433 
344,940 
 
 
Short-term lines of credit 
Increasingly, the Bank is meeting its short-term financing requirements through international syndicated loan 
market with major banks including ICBC, JP Morgan, Citibank, EmiratesNBD, Mizuho, First Abu Dhabi Bank, 
Standard Chartered Bank, MUFG Bank, Mashreq Bank Psc, Commerzbank, Sumitomo Banking Corporation 
Europe leading the syndications.

--- Page 117 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
The Bank has been engaged in a diversification of funding strategy based on its resource mobilisation strategy. 
This diversification initiative is in terms of tenors, currency, markets, and counterparty. As such, the Bank has 
successfully issued key transactions as follows: 
Global Syndicated Loan 
The Bank is a regular borrower in the loan markets, with its debut global syndicated loan in 2014, a second 
and third in 2016 and 2018 respectively, and the most recent concluded in December 2020 with a tenor of two 
years in the aggregate amount of USD 450 million. These transactions have a stable pool of participating banks 
that included Standard Chartered Bank, Citibank, Commerzbank, ICBC, MUFG Bank, Mizuho, JP Morgan, 
First Abu Dhabi Bank, Sumitomo Corporation, Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, Emirates NBD and 
Mashreqbank amongst others. 
Asia Focused Syndicated Loan 
The Bank made its debut Asia-focused syndicated loan in 2016, borrowing USD 340 million. The majority of 
participating banks came from China including Exim China, ICBC, Bank of Communications, China 
Construction Bank and others. This transaction is assessed by the Bank as successful given that it was a debut 
issuance by an African Development Finance Institution ("DFI") in the tenor bracket of 3 years. Subsequently, 
in its second and most recent Asia focused syndicated loan, more diversity was introduced to the pool of 
participating banks coming from India and Korea. 
Middle East Focused Syndicated Loan 
In 2017, the Bank accessed the Middle East conventional loan market and the Islamic finance market through 
its debut Middle East syndicated loan in the amount of USD 329 million. This transaction was a 2-year facility 
in USD and EUR, and both in conventional loan format and Sharia compliant format. The arrangers of the 
facility were Emirates NBD, First Abu Dhabi Bank, Mashreqbank and MUFG Bank.  The most recent Middle 
East focus syndicated loan in the aggregate amount of USD 451 million and a 2-year tenor was concluded in 
December 2019; the transaction was a dual EUR and USD currency loan in both conventional and Sharia 
compliant format. 
Long-term lines of credit - IFIs/ECAs 
To support its PIF and investment activities, the Bank mobilises medium and long-term funding from other 
development financial institutions, Export Credit Agencies ("ECAs") and also from the local and regional 
capital markets. 
The long-term lines of credit include, amongst others, facilities from World Bank, MIGA, European Investment 
Bank, China Development Bank, Exim Import Bank of China, USAID, JBIC, KFW, Commonwealth 
Development Corporation, Agence Française de Dévélopment, Oesterreichische Entwichlungsbank AG, Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti and African Development Bank. ECAs support financing exports from the countries where 
these institutions are domiciled including amongst others facilities from KFW Ipex and Finish Export Credit. 
In effect, the resources provided under these facilities are tied and cannot be used to support all types of Bank-
financed projects. The Bank's resource mobilisation strategy aims to diversify the funding base by introducing 
more untied resources such as those provided under the Eurobond proceeds. Under conventional long-term 
lines of credit, from international DFIs, use of proceeds is 'tied' to projects that the Bank on-lends to, with 
explicit covenants and reporting requirements. Untied resources, such as notes issued under the Bank's EMTN 
programme, allow much more flexible use of proceeds. 
Master Risk Participation Agreements ("MRPAs") 
With a view to addressing concentration risk arising out of the financing of large transactions; especially in the 
oil sector, the Bank has put in place a risk down-selling strategy by signing MRPAs with a number of 
institutions (including Commonwealth Development Corporation, Arab Bank for Economic Development in 
Africa, Opec Fund for International Development and African Development Bank). In addition to facilitating 
the selling down of risk to other parties, the MRPAs provide a source of business for the Bank to the extent 
which the partner institutions have excess credit risk which they would like to offload to other parties.

--- Page 118 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
Loans Maturity Profile 
The following table shows the maturity profile of the Bank's loans and advances as at 31 December 2020, 2019 
and 2018. 
  
  
Year ended 31 December 
  
  
2020 
  
2019 
  
2018 
  
  
U.S.$'000 
Maturity of Loans & Advances 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Within One Year  
  
                         1,454,936  
  
1,998,476 
  
              1,324,239  
One year to three years  
  
                         2,128,253  
  
1,954,582 
  
              2,014,636  
Three to five years  
  
                         1,398,322  
  
532,793 
 
                 572,394  
Over five years  
  
                            492,250  
  
596,791 
 
                 362,046  
Total  
  
5,473,761 
  
5,082,642 
  
4,273,316

--- Page 119 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
LIQUIDITY RISK 
Liquidity risk is a primary concern for any financial institution, particularly those involved in long-term 
funding of projects and investments. The Bank is fully aware of this risk and, given its focus on promoting 
sustained long-term development in Issuer Member States, limits the use of short-term borrowings to its trade 
finance operations. 
The Bank aims to maintain liquid assets to total assets ratio of at least 10 per cent.  
It is the Bank's policy to limit its borrowings to five times the paid-up capital and reserves plus fifty per cent. 
of callable capital. 
The Bank's liquid assets are maintained in cash and near cash assets deposited at central banks of sovereign 
Issuer Member States and international commercial banks of investment grade ratings. 
The following table sets out an analysis of the Bank's maturities of its financial assets and liabilities as at 31 
December 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
* 
Excluded from other receivables is non-financial assets (prepayments) excluded from other payables is grant funds payable and rental 
deposit 
 
Maturities of assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2019 
 
Up to 1 month 
2 to 3 months 
4 to 6 months 
6 to 12 months 
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
 
US$ '000 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with other banks 
                     973,598  
                        33,449  
 
                            5,365  
                       369,991  
 
                    1,382,404  
Investment in Government securities 
                         4,264  
 
 
 
                         40,634  
 
                         44,898  
Investment in Trade Fund 
                       49,997  
 
 
 
 
 
                         49,997  
Other receivables 
                       71,092  
                             103  
                            136  
                               201  
                              193  
 
                         71,726  
Derivative financial instruments 
                       40,049  
 
 
 
 
 
                         40,049  
Trade finance loans 
                     313,548  
                        37,401  
                     231,847  
                        544,677  
                    2,020,752  
 
                    3,148,225  
Project loans 
                     116,107  
                          7,966  
                       69,409  
                        202,924  
                    1,666,956  
770,120  
                    2,833,482  
Equity investment at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
                         51,136  
 
                         51,136  
Investment in joint venture 
 
 
 
 
                              317  
 
                              317  
Total assets  
                  1,568,656  
                        78,920  
                     301,393  
                        753,166  
                    4,149,979  
770,120  
                    7,622,233  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings 
                       52,431  
                        49,340  
                       89,628  
                        840,368  
                       775,360  
658,122  
                    2,465,249  
Long term borrowings 
                       12,432  
                        19,283  
                       48,561  
                        125,602  
                    2,138,000  
247,651  
                    2,591,529  
Collection Account 
                       95,823  
 
 
 
 
 
                         95,823  
Other payables 
                     128,422  
                             260  
                            391  
                               781  
                           4,422  
4,406  
                       138,681  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturities of assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2020 
Up to 1 month 
2 to 3 months 
4 to 6 months 
6 to 12 months 
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
 
US$ '000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with other banks 
                  1,056,711  
- 
- 
                            5,388  
                       477,826  
‐ 
                    1,539,924  
Investment in Government securities 
‐ 
- 
- 
- 
                       120,928  
‐ 
                       120,928  
Investment in Trade Fund 
‐ 
- 
- 
- 
                         52,327  
‐ 
                         52,327  
Other receivables 
                       86,920  
                             422  
                            627  
                            1,185  
                           7,889  
                          2,998  
                       100,041  
Trade finance loans 
                       43,075  
                        50,141  
                     309,773  
                        557,082  
                    2,485,086  
                        27,804  
                    3,472,961  
Project loans 
                       94,034  
                        77,011  
                     105,166  
                        270,699  
                    1,726,876  
                      546,576  
                    2,820,361  
Equity investment at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
‐ 
‐ 
‐ 
‐ 
                         53,987  
‐ 
                         53,987  
Investment in joint venture 
‐ 
‐ 
‐ 
‐ 
                              317  
‐ 
                              317  
Total assets  
                  1,280,740  
                      127,574  
                     415,566  
                        834,353  
                    4,925,236  
                      577,378  
                    8,160,848  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
Short term borrowings 
                       10,846  
                        45,919  
                     232,030  
                        415,394  
                    1,703,287  
‐ 
                    2,407,477  
Long term borrowings 
                       38,098  
                        38,330  
                       29,536  
                        315,480  
                    1,942,786  
                      687,295  
                    3,051,524  
Derivative financial instruments 
‐ 
- 
                       41,330  
‐ 
- 
- 
                         41,330  
Collection Account 
                       93,275  
‐ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
                         93,275  
Other payables 
                       46,465  
‐ 
- 
- 
                         39,501  
‐ 
                         85,965  
Total liabilities 
                     188,684  
                        84,249  
                     302,896  
                        730,874  
                    3,685,574  
                      687,295  
                    5,679,571  
Net liquidity gap 
                  1,092,057  
                        43,325  
                     112,671  
                        103,479  
                    1,239,662  
(109,917)    
                    2,481,277  
Cumulative gap 
                  1,092,057  
                   1,135,382  
                  1,248,052  
                     1,351,532  
                    2,591,193  
                   2,481,277  
                    2,481,277

--- Page 120 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Total liabilities 
                     289,108  
                        68,883  
                     138,580  
                        966,751  
                    2,917,782  
910,179  
                    5,291,282  
Net liquidity gap 
                  1,279,548  
                        10,037  
                     162,813  
-                       213,584  
                    1,232,197  
 (140,059) 
                    2,330,952  
Cumulative gap 
                  1,279,548  
                   1,289,585  
                  1,452,398  
                     1,238,813  
                    2,471,010  
2,330,952  
                    2,330,952  
 
Excluded from other receivables is non-financial assets (prepayments) excluded from other payables is grant funds payable and rental 
deposit 
 
 
 
Maturities of assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2018 
 
Up to 1 
month 
2 to 3 
months 
4 to 6 
months 
6 to 12 
months 
1 to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
 
USD '000 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with other banks ..................  
958,326 
- 
182,967 
4,625 
- 
- 
1,145,918 
Other receivables ...............................................  
71,397 
117 
164 
270 
302 
- 
72,250 
Derivative financial instruments ........................  
54,043 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
54,043 
Trade finance loans ............................................  
190,020 
88,866 
344,140 
494,826 
2,177,224 
41,639 
3,336,715 
Project loans .......................................................  
55,098 
59,791 
58,902 
169,856 
1,359,940 
642,160 
2,345,747 
Equity investment at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ..................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
51,522 
- 
51,522 
Investment in joint venture ................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
387 
- 
387 
Total assets ........................................................  
1,328,884 
148,774 
586,173 
669,577 
3,589,375 
683,799 
7,006,582 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings .......................................  
252,645 
109,833 
496,795 
645,205 
893,220 
- 
2,397,698 
Long term borrowings .......................................  
13,560 
53,351 
33,690 
138,684 
1,552,412 
357,760 
2,149,457 
Collection Account ............................................  
119,577 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
119,577 
Other payables ...................................................  
64,312 
226 
333 
664 
4,751 
5,521 
75,807 
Total liabilities ..................................................  
450,094 
163,410 
530,818 
784,553 
2,450,383 
363,281 
4,742,539 
Net liquidity gap ...............................................  
878,790 
(14,636) 
55,355 
(114,976) 
1,138,992 
320,518 
2,264,043 
Cumulative gap ................................................  
878,790 
864,154 
919,509 
804,533 
1,943,525 
2,264,043 
2,264,043 
 _______________  
* 
Equity Investment includes equity investments and investments from joint ventures 
* 
Excluded from other receivables is non-financial assets (prepayments) excluded from other payables is grant funds payable and rental 
deposit 
 
 _____________________  
Source: December 2018, 2019 and 2020 - Audited Financial Statements. 
 
The above table analyses financial assets and financial liabilities of the Bank into relevant maturity groupings 
based on the remaining period at the reporting date to the contractual maturity date. 
Currency Risk 
The Bank mitigates its foreign currency transaction risk exposure by matching the currencies of its liabilities 
with those of its assets. The principal currency exposure arises from the translation of its assets and liabilities 
in foreign currency to its reporting currency, namely the U.S. Dollar. Thus, related exposure mainly arises from 
a revaluation of shareholders' funds, special and capital funds, as any translation gains or losses are added to, 
or subtracted from, these items. 
The Bank does not actively trade in foreign currencies in order to generate income. However, in order to meet 
specific funding requirements, the Bank engages in limited scale spot foreign currency transactions. 
The Bank's currency position as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 was as follows: 
  
Currency Risk as at 31 December 2020 
  
USD 
GBP 
EURO 
KES 
SDG 
UGX 
AED 
MWK 
TZSH 
ZMW 
JPY 
OTHER 
TOTAL 
  
US$ '000 
Financial Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
5,170,234 
10 
1,811,728 
78 
29,370 
5,388 
18,614 
3,198 
5,812 
131,661 
7 
839 
7,176,937 
Financial Liabilities

--- Page 121 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
Liabilities 
3,811,993 
- 
1,794,919 
29 
28,827 
- 
- 
3,160 
8 
1,281 
38,781 
573 
5,679,571 
NET POSITION 
1,358,240 
10 
16,810 
48 
543 
5,388 
18,614 
38 
5,803 
130,380 
 (38,774) 
266 
1,497,366 
 
 
  
Currency Risk as at 31 December 2019 
  
USD 
GBP 
EURO 
KES 
SDG 
UGX 
AED 
MWK 
TZSH 
JPY 
OTHER 
TOTAL 
  
US$ '000 
Financial Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
6,419,436 
17 
59,503 
1,492 
34,098 
5,370 
18,450 
59,263 
9,075 
34 
5,294 
6,612,031 
Financial Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Liabilities 
4,897,584 
0 
259,025 
131 
33,468 
0 
0 
59,172 
2,553 
36,763 
2,584 
5,291,281 
NET POSITION 
1,521,852 
17 
(199,521) 
1,360 
630 
5,370 
18,450 
90 
6,522 
 (36,729) 
2,710  
1,320,750 
 
 
 
Currency Risk as at 31 December 2018 
 
U.S.$ 
GBP 
EURO 
KES 
SDG 
UGX 
AED 
MWK 
TZS 
Other 
Total 
Financial Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets .......................................  
5,112,728 
17 
216,070 
5 
34,092 
4,632 
18,457 
85,632 
9,373 
6,117 
5,487,123 
Financial Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities .................................  
4,135,656 
- 
97,779 
153 
33,462 
- 
- 
85,520 
4,116 
982 
4,357,668 
NET POSITION ....................  
977,072 
17 
118,291 
-148 
630 
4,632 
18,457 
112 
5,257 
5,135 
1,129,455 
 
Source: December 2018, 2019 and 2020 - Audited Financial Statements; 
All figures are in USD 
 
For the financial period ending, 2017, 2018 and 2020 all of the currency mismatches are below 10 per cent. of 
the Bank's net-worth, the threshold beyond which the Bank is required to implement hedging strategies. 
Interest Rate Risk 
The Bank is exposed to various risks associated with the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing levels of 
market interest rates on its financial position and cash flows. The main source of potential interest rate risk to 
the Bank is the interest rate spread between the rate earned on assets and the cost of funds. Interest rate risk 
also arises from various factors, including timing differences between the contractual maturity or repricing of 
floating rate assets and liabilities. The Bank actively manages the related exposure but recognises that, in 
general, interest income is reduced during periods of low interest rates. 
The Bank's interest rate exposure on its financial assets and liabilities, as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
is set out in the following tables: 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
Up to 1 
month 
1 to 6 
months 
6 to 12 
months 
1 to 5 
years 
Fixed Interest 
rate 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
 
USD '000 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with other banks  
1,027,341 
- 
5,388 
- 
477,826 
29,370 
1,539,924 
Investment in Government securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
120,928 
- 
120,928 
Investment in Trade Fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
52,327 
52,327 
Other receivables  
- 
- 
- 
- 
13,336 
86,706 
100,041 
Trade finance loans  
4,577 
1,486,980 
- 
- 
1,593,078 
- 
3,084,635 
Project finance loans  
16,936 
1,849,808 
- 
- 
357,696 
337 
2,224,777 
Equity Investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
53,987 
53,987 
Investment in Joint Venture  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
317 
317 
Total financial assets  
1,048,854 
3,336,787 
5,388 
- 
2,562,863 
223,045 
7,176,937 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings  
308,963 
2,095,201 
248 
- 
3,064 
- 
2,407,477 
Long term borrowings  
295,843 
856,539 
25,000 
- 
1,874,142 
- 
3,051,524 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
41,330 
41,330 
Collection Account 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
93,275 
93,275 
Other payables 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
85,965 
85,965 
Total financial liabilities  
604,806 
2,951,740 
25,248 
- 
1,877,207 
220,570 
5,679,571

--- Page 122 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Net interest rate exposure  
444,048 
385,047 
 (19,860) 
- 
685,657 
2,475 
1,497,366 
Cumulative interest rate exposure  
444,048 
829,095 
809,234 
809,234 
1,494,891 
1,497,366 
1,497,366 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Up to 1 
month 
1 to 6 
months 
6 to 12 
months 
1 to 5 
years 
Fixed Interest 
rate 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
 
USD '000 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with other banks  
939,500 
33,449 
5,365 
 
369,991 
34,098 
1,382,404 
Investment in Government securities 
 
 
 
 
44,898 
 
44,898 
Investment in Trade Fund 
 
 
 
 
 
49,997 
49,997 
Other receivables  
 
 
 
 
690 
71,036 
71,726 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
 
 
 
 
40,049 
40,049 
Trade finance loans  
3,759 
1,191,501 
 
 
1,669,034 
873 
2,865,167 
Project finance loans  
14,328 
1,902,020 
 
 
183,585 
6,405 
2,106,338 
Equity Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income  
 
 
 
 
51,136 
51,136 
Investment in Joint Venture  
 
 
 
 
 
317 
317 
Total financial assets  
957,587 
3,126,971 
5,365 
0 
2,268,197 
253,911 
6,612,031 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings  
510,827 
1,460,111 
237,247 
 
257,063 
 
2,465,248 
Long term borrowings  
435,961 
601,352 
100,239 
0 
1,453,977 
 
2,591,529 
Collection Accounts  
0 
0 
0 
0 
 
95,823 
95,823 
Other payables  
0 
0 
0 
0 
10,390 
128,164 
138,681 
Total financial liabilities  
946,788 
2,061,463 
337,486 
0 
1,721,429 
223,986 
5,291,281 
Net interest rate exposure  
10,799 
1,065,508 
     (332,121) 
0 
546,768 
29,924 
1,320,750 
Cumulative interest rate exposure  
10,799 
1,076,307 
744,186 
744,186 
1,290,954 
1,320,878 
1,320,750 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
Up to 1 
month 
1 to 6 
months 
6 to 12 
months 
1 to 5 
years 
Fixed 
Interest 
rate 
Non-
interest 
bearing 
Total 
 
USD '000 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with other banks .....................  
902,029 
182,968 
4,625 
- 
- 
56,296 
1,145,918 
Other receivables ..................................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
915 
71,335 
72,250 
Derivative financial instruments ..........................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
54,043 
54,043 
Trade finance loans...............................................  
203,086 
781,558 
478,249 
- 
1,270,552 
- 
2,733,445 
Project finance loans.............................................  
72,531 
1,247,295 
- 
- 
109,733 
- 
1,429,559 
Equity Investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .....................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
51,522 
51,522 
Investment in Joint Venture .................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
387 
387 
Total financial assets ..........................................  
1,177,646 
2,211,821 
482,874 
- 
1,381,200 
233,583 
5,487,124 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings ..........................................  
436,539 
1,628,890 
315,291 
- 
2,534 
- 
2,383,254 
Long term borrowings ..........................................  
280,696 
801,334 
- 
- 
700,000 
- 
1,782,030 
Collection Accounts .............................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
119,577 
119,577 
Other payables ......................................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
8,660 
64,147 
72,807 
Total financial liabilities .......................................  
717,235 
2,430,224 
315,291 
- 
711,194 
183,724 
4,357,668 
Net interest rate exposure .....................................  
460,411 
(218,403) 
167,583 
- 
670,006 
49,859 
1,129,456 
Cumulative interest rate exposure ....................  
460,411 
242,008 
409,591 
409,591 
1,079,597 
1,129,456 
1,129,456 
 
 
 _______________  
* 
Equity Investment includes equity investments (note 18) and investments from joint ventures (note 19) 
* 
Excluded from other receivables is non-financial assets (prepayments) excluded from other payables is grant funds payable & rental 
deposit 
* 
Fixed interest and non-interest bearing items are stated at amortised costs or their carrying amounts which approximate their fair 
values. 
Source: December 2018, 2019 and 2020- Audited Financial Statements;

--- Page 123 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
All figures are in USD 
 
With the exception of collection account deposits which are non-interest bearing, and Eurobond linked assets 
and liabilities, most of the Bank's financial assets and financial liabilities have floating interest rates and 
therefore re-price within short time intervals at least at every billing date. 
Operational Risk 
As with all financial institutions, the Bank is exposed to many types of operational risks, including business 
disruption and system or transaction processing failure. The Bank mitigates operational risk by maintaining a 
strong system of internal controls designed to manage that risk at appropriate levels in view of the Bank's 
financial strength, activities and type of markets in which it operates. The Bank's operational risk is monitored 
and controlled through business process reviews and compliance reviews by external and internal auditors in 
the finance, operations and information systems areas. In this context, the Bank has implemented the following 
initiatives: 
(a) 
Enterprise Risk Management; 
(b) 
Business Continuity Plan; 
(c) 
Environment and Social Risk Analysis – on-going training for all the Bank's officers; 
(d) 
Environmental and Social Governance Management System; and 
(e) 
Anti-money Laundering Policy (update) and Training.

--- Page 124 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
Being a supranational financial institution, the Bank is self-regulated. The conduct of operations is guided by 
the Charter with oversight vested with the Board of Directors which closely monitors directly or through its 
Audit Committee the Bank's performance, risk profile and capital adequacy. 
Based on the need to mitigate against increased credit risks associated with projects and infrastructure financing 
in developing African economies, the Bank has established a capital management policy which aims to 
maintain a capital adequacy ratio (ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets) of at least 30 per cent. This ratio 
is computed in line with recommendations of the paper prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision entitled "International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards" dated July 
1988 as amended from time to time ("Basel I Paper") and the paper prepared by the Basel Committee entitled 
"International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Standards: A Revised Framework" dated June 2004 
as amended from time to time ("Basel II Paper"). There is presently no plan to move towards Basel III 
convergence, as the Bank feels its areas of operation are not ready for such convergence.  
Tier 1 capital includes paid up share capital and revenue reserves. A summary of the Bank's capital adequacy 
ratio is set forth in the following table. 
  
Year ended 31 December 
  
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
 U.S.$'000 
Tier 1 Capital 
  
  
  
Paid up share capital  
                   534,934  
499,107 
                    461,743  
Revenue Reserves  
                1,022,109  
890,708 
                    730,283  
Total Tier 1 capital  
                1,557,043  
                    1,389,815  
                 1,192,026  
  
  
  
  
Tier 2 capital bonds  
  
  
  
Total Tier 2 capital  
  
  
  
Total Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital  
                1,557,043  
                    1,389,815  
                 1,192,026  
  
  
  
  
Risk weighted assets 
  
  
  
On-balance sheet  
                4,278,161  
3,747,696 
                 3,336,944  
Off-balance sheet  
                     76,256  
100,014 
                      32,335  
Total risk weighted assets  
                4,354,417  
                    3,847,710  
                 3,369,279  
  
  
  
  
Basel Ratio (per cent.)  
36 
36 
35 
 
 _______________  
Source: 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 - Audited Financial Statements 
The Bank's tier 1 capital has achieved significant growth over the reporting period mainly due to increased 
profitability and capital subscriptions under the Bank's General Capital Increase programme. These factors 
have enabled the Bank's capital adequacy ratio to remain well above the 30 per cent. threshold.

--- Page 125 ---
- 118 -
MANAGEMENT AND GOVERNANCE 
ORGANISATION STRUCTURE 
The principal operating activities of the Bank are business development, portfolio management, finance and 
administration. To ensure effective oversight of these activities, the Bank's operations are organised into several 
independent but closely aligned departments, namely: Lending Operations (Projects and Infrastructure and 
Trade Finance); Portfolio Management; Finance; Human Resources and Administration; Legal Services and, 
Compliance and Risk Management; Treasury; Asset Management, Syndications & Agency Operations and 
Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations, as depicted in the following organisation chart. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE (FUNCTIONAL) 
BOG 
The BOG is the supreme governing body of the Bank in whom all powers of the Bank are vested. Each 
shareholder of the Bank appoints one Governor and one alternate, with the alternate only voting in the absence 
of his Governor. The Governor or the alternate exercises voting powers on behalf of the shareholder for which 
he is a nominee. 
The BOG generally comprises Ministers of Finance or Ministers of Economic Planning from Issuer Member 
States, as well as appointees by members of the Bank other than the Issuer Member States. 
The BOG, which has delegated executive powers to the Board of Directors, ordinarily meets once a year. 
The outgoing chairman of the BOG is Dr Bwalya Ng'andu, Minister of Finance of the Republic of Zambia. 
Although it has delegated executive powers to the Board of Directors, certain specific powers, such as the 
increase or decrease of the Bank's authorised capital, appointment of the Group Managing Director, amendment 
of the Charter and approval of the Bank's audited accounts, are retained by the BOG. 
The title and position of the current members of the BOG are listed below. 
Hon. Dr. Bwalya Ng'andu 
Chairman of the BOG (outgoing)
Minister of Finance, Republic of Zambia

--- Page 126 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
Hon. Ahmed Shide .................................  
Minister of Finance and Economic Cooperation, Federal 
Democratic Republic of Ethiopia 
Hon. Renganaden Padayachy……….. 
Minister of Finance and Economic Development, Republic of 
Mauritius 
Hon. Naadir Hassan ................................  
Minister of Finance, Trade and the Economic Planning, 
Republic of Seychelles 
Hon. Matia Kasaija .................................  
 
Minister of Finance, Planning and Economic Development 
Republic of Uganda 
Hon. Dr. Domitien Ndihokubwayo .........  
Minister of Finance, Budget and Privatisations, Republic of 
Burundi 
Hon. Said Ali Said Chayhane .................  
Minister of Finance and Budget, Union of Comoros 
Hon. Ilyas Moussa Dawaleh ...................  
Minister of Economy, Finance and Planning, Republic of 
Djibouti 
Hon. Nevine Gamea……………….. 
Minister of Trade and Industry, Republic of Egypt 
Hon. Berhane Habtemariam ...................  
Minister of Finance, State of Eritrea 
Hon. Amb. Ukur Yatani Kanacho 
Cabinet Secretary, Industry, Trade and Cooperatives, Republic 
of Kenya 
Hon. Felix Mlusu ....................................  
Minister of Finance, Economic Planning and Development 
Republic of Malawi 
Hon. Prof. Mthuli Ncube ........................  
Minister of Finance and Economic Development, Republic of 
Zimbabwe 
Hon. Uzziel Ndagijimana .......................  
Minister of Finance and Economic Planning, Republic of 
Rwanda 
Hon. Dr. Heba Ahmed Ali…………….. 
Minister of Finance and Economic Planning, Republic of Sudan 
Hon. Mwigulu Nchemba.........................  
Minister of Finance and Planning, United Republic of Tanzania 
Hon. Sele Yalaghuli ................................  
Minister of Finance and Budget, Democratic Republic of Congo 
Hon. Abdirahman Duale Beyle ...............  
Minister of Finance, Federal Republic of Somalia 
Hon. Adriano Afonso Maleiane ..............  
Minister of Economy and Finance, Republic of Mozambique 
Hon. Hon. Athian Diing Athian ..............  
Minister of Finance and Planning, Republic of South Sudan 
Hon. Neal Rijkenberg .............................  
Minister of Finance, Kingdom of eSwatini 
Hon. Richard Randriamandranto ............  
Minister of Finance, Republic of Madagascar 
Ms. Bajabulile Swazi Tshabalala ............  
Vice President, Finance and Acting Senior Vice President, 
African Development Bank (AfDB) 
H.E. Mr. Yi Gang ...................................  
Governor, People's Bank of China, People's Republic of China 
Mr. Alexander Egorov ............................  
Chairman of the Management Board, JSC Development Bank 
of Belarus 
Mrs. Jenita Avinasha Devi Hauzaree ......  
Senior Analyst, National Pension Fund of Mauritius 
Mr. Derek Wong Wan Po .......................  
Managing Director, Mauritian Eagle Insurance Company Ltd 
Ms. Lekha Nair .......................................  
Chief Executive Officer, Seychelles Pension Fund 
Mr. Corneille Karekezi ...........................  
Group Managing Director, African-Re Insurance Corporation 
Ms. Hope Murera ....................................  
Managing Director, ZEP-Re (PTA Reinsurance Company) 
Mr. Richard Tusabe ................................  
Director General, Rwanda Social Security Board 
Mr. Richard Byarugaba...........................  
Chief Executive Officer, National Social Security Fund Uganda 
Mr. Tomas Rodrigues Matola .................  
President, Banco Nacional de Investimento 
Ms. Jennifer Morel ..................................  
Chief Executive Officer, SACOS Group Limited 
Mr. Tareq Alnassar, ................................  
Assistant Director General in Charge of Private Sector and 
Trade Finance Operations, OPEC Fund  
Dr. Sidi Ould Tah ...................................  
Director General, Arab Bank for Economic Development in 
Africa (BADEA) 
Mr. Morten Elkjaer…………………… 
Vice President, Finance, Investment Fund for Developing 
Countries (Denmark) 
Prof. Njuguna Ndung'u……………….. 
Executive Director, African Economic Research Consortium

--- Page 127 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors (the "Board") has responsibility for the general conduct of the ordinary operations of 
the Bank and, in this regard, exercises all the powers delegated to it by the BOG to discharge its responsibility. 
The Board consists of not more than ten non-executive Directors (in addition to the Group Managing Director) 
appointed by the BOG as follows: 
(a) 
five Directors and their alternates for the Issuer Member States following their nomination by five 
constituencies formed by countries in groups agreed by the BOG; 
(b) 
one Director nominated by non-African states; 
(c) 
one Director nominated by African institutions; 
(d) 
one Director nominated by all other shareholders; and 
(e) 
two independent Directors selected by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of 
Directors and confirmed by the Chairman of the BOG. 
The Group Managing Director is a member of the Board of Directors but is not entitled to appoint an alternate. 
The Board meets once every three months and, in addition to these scheduled meetings, as often as the business 
of the Bank may require. The meetings are held at the Bank's principal or regional office locations or at any 
other location specified in the notice convening the meeting. 
In addition to the powers provided for it expressly in the Charter and the powers delegated to it by the BOG, 
the Board shall be responsible for the conduct of the general operations of the Bank and, in particular: 
(a) 
appoint such technical or other sub-committees as it deems necessary; 
(b) 
determine the organisation and offices of the Bank and prescribe the responsibilities attached to the 
administrative and professional officers of the Bank; 
(c) 
approve the budget of the Bank; 
(d) 
prepare the work of the BOG; 
(e) 
in conformity with the general directive of the BOG, take decisions concerning particular loans, 
guarantees, investments in equity capital and borrowing of funds by the Bank and on similar financial 
transactions; 
(f) 
determine the rates of interest for loans, commissions and fees for guarantees and other financial 
transactions of a similar kind; and 
(g) 
submit the accounts for each financial year and annual report for approval to the BOG at each annual 
meeting. 
Mr. Juste Rwamabuga is the current Chairperson of the Board. The members of the Board are set below: 
Mr. Juste Rwamabuga………….. 
Non-Executive Independent Director and Board Chair 
Mr. Gerard Pascal Bussier .............  
Non-Executive Director for Zimbabwe, Mauritius, Rwanda, South 
Sudan and Eritrea.  
Mr. Veenay Rambarassah ..............  
Alternate Non-Executive Director for all Other Shareholders 
Ms. Peter Molu Ibrae .....................  
Non-Executive Director for Kenya, Mozambique, Zambia and 
Somalia 
Ms. 
Busisiwe 
Alice 
Dlamini-
Nsibande ......................................  
Non-Executive Director for Egypt, Tanzania, Eswatini and Djibouti 
Mr. Said Mhamadi .........................  
Non-Executive Director for Uganda, Sudan, DR Congo and Comoros 
Mr. Peter Simbani ..........................  
Non-Executive 
Director 
for 
Seychelles, 
Ethiopia, 
Burundi, 
Madagascar and Malawi 
Ms. Zhou Shou ...............................  
Non-Executive Director for Non-African States

--- Page 128 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
Mr. Mohamed Kalif .......................  
Non-Executive Director for African Institutions 
Dr. Abdel-Rahman Taha ................  
Non-Executive Independent Director 
Mr. Admassu Tadesse ....................  
Group Managing Director and President Emeritus  
 
Board Sub-Committees 
The Board of Directors has four Board sub-committees namely, the Audit and Risk Committee, the Investment 
and Credit Committee, the Remuneration and Nominations Committee and the Finance and Capital Committee. 
The Audit and Risk Committee ("ARCO") is mandated to assist the Board of Directors in discharging its duties 
relating to the identification and management of the key risks facing the Bank as they relate to monitoring and 
reviewing the Bank's Enterprise Risk Management Framework, Internal control and financial reporting 
practices. It serves in an advisory capacity to the Board and ensures that the Bank's assets are safeguarded, 
adequate internal controls are in place and that material risks are effectively managed. 
The Investment and Credit Committee ("INVESCO") is mandated to provide oversight on matters relating to 
the Bank's investment and credit mandate, providing advice to management regarding the implementation of 
investment initiatives and assisting the Board in making major investments decisions; and monitoring the 
investment policies. 
The Remuneration and Nominations Committee ("REMCO") is mandated to review, recommend and improve 
the Bank's policy framework and other inputs on human resource management including remuneration, 
incentives and other matters affecting working conditions, advising and making recommendations to the Board 
with regard to corporate performance and issues affecting staff working conditions. REMCO also acts as the 
reference committee for all matters relating to the Board's Code of Conduct. 
The Finance and Capital Committee ("FINCO") is responsible for advising the Board on matters pertaining 
to, inter alia, financial and treasury management as well as capital raising. 
Each Board-Committee is composed of at least four Directors. In accordance with the practice of the Bank, the 
Board Committees are reconstituted annually. The Group Managing Director is a member of INVESCO, 
FINCO and REMCO and attends ARCO in an ex-officio capacity. 
The current members of each Board sub-committee are as follows: 
ARCO 
Dr. Abdel-Rahman Taha ................. 
ARCO Chair and Non-Executive Independent Director 
Mr. Said Mhamadi .......................... 
Non-Executive Director representing Sudan, Comoros, Uganda and 
DRC 
Mr. Peter Molu Ibrae ....................... 
Non-Executive Director representing Kenya, Mozambique, Somalia 
and Zambia 
Mr. Juste Rwamabuga ..................... 
Non-Executive Independent Director 
Mr. Peter Simbani ........................... 
Non-Executive Director representing Seychelles, Ethiopia, Burundi, 
Madagascar and Malawi 
Mr. John Bosco Sebabi ................... 
Alternate Non-Executive Director for all Other Shareholders 
Mr. Mohamed Kalif ........................ 
Non-Executive Director representing African Institutions 
Mr. Admassu Tadesse ..................... 
Group Managing Director and President Emeritus – Ex-Officio 
 
FINCO 
Mr. Mohamed Kalif ........................ 
FINCO Chair and Non-Executive Director representing African 
Institutions 
Ms. Shuo Zhou ................................ 
Non-Executive Director representing non-African States 
 
Mr. Said Mhamadi .......................... 
Non-Executive Director representing Sudan, Comoros, Uganda and 
DRC  
Mr. Gerard Bussier .......................... 
Non-Executive 
Director 
representing 
Zimbabwe, 
Mauritius, 
Rwanda, South Sudan and Eritrea 
Ms. Busisiwe Alice Dlamini 
Non-Executive Director representing Egypt, Tanzania, Eswatini and 
Djibouti

--- Page 129 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Mr. Admassu Tadesse ..................... 
Group Managing Director and President Emeritus 
 
INVESCO 
Mr. Gerard Bussier 
INVESCO Chair and Non-Executive Director representing 
Zimbabwe, Mauritius, Rwanda, South Sudan and Eritrea 
Mr. Abdel-Rahman Taha ................ 
Non-Executive Independent Director 
Mr. Kalif Mohamed………… 
Non-Executive Director representing African Institutions 
Ms. Shuo Zhou ................................ 
Non-Executive Director representing non-African States 
Mr. Admassu Tadesse ..................... 
Group Managing Director and President Emeritus 
 
REMCO 
Ms. 
Busisiwe 
Alice 
Dlamini-
Nsibande ......................................  
REMCO Chair and Non-Executive Director representing Egypt, 
Tanzania, Eswatini and Djibouti 
Mr. Juste Rwamabuga ....................  
Non-Executive Independent Director 
Mr. Peter Molu Ibrae ......................  
Non-Executive Director representing Kenya, Mozambique, Somalia 
and Zambia 
Mr. Peter Simbani 
Non-Executive Director representing Seychelles, Ethiopia, Burundi, 
Madagascar and Malawi 
Mr. Admassu Tadesse ....................  
Group Managing Director and President Emeritus 
 
As at 31 December 2020, no Director held directly an interest in the Bank's ordinary issued share capital. 
 
None of the Directors has been, nor is currently, the subject of filing of a petition for bankruptcy, either in their 
own capacity or as an executive officer of any company. None of the Directors has been convicted of a criminal 
offence, nor is any Director the subject of current criminal proceedings. None of the Directors has been ruled 
temporarily or permanently unfit to engage in any business practices. 
Since 2017, following approval by the BOG, the Provident Fund for Directors & Select Stakeholders of the 
Trade and Development Fund ("DSPF") is a Class B shareholder of the Bank. The DSPF membership, on a 
voluntary basis, is open to members of the Board of Directors and Board of Governors of the Bank, subject to 
an investment limit of the equivalent of ten (10) Class B shares per DSPF member. As at 31 December 2020, 
the DSPF owned 0.08 per cent. of the Bank's total shareholding. 
Except for employment contracts with executive Directors, there are no existing or proposed contracts between 
any of the Directors and the Bank. There are no ongoing actual or potential significant conflicts of interest 
between any Director and their duties to the Bank. 
Directors' Qualifications and Experience 
Juste Rwamabuga 
Juste Rwamabuga is a Burundian national with over 40 years' experience in public, private and international 
organisations, including, the World Bank, International Finance Corporation and the African Development 
Bank. He previously served as Division Manager, Transports Infrastructure Department of the African 
Development Bank. He holds an MBA from the University of Montreal, Canada. He is an Independent Non-
Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
Gerard Pascal Bussier 
Gerard Bussier is the Deputy Financial Secretary at the Ministry of Finance and Economic Development of the 
Government of Mauritius, heading the Directorate that deals with resource mobilisation, bilateral agreements, 
and economic cooperation including international affairs and trade. Mr. Bussier is a Certified Chartered 
Accountant (UK) and a Certified Fraud Examiner (USA). He also holds a Master's degree in Business 
Administration from the University of Mauritius with specialisation in finance. He is the Non-Executive 
Director representing Rwanda, Mauritius, Zimbabwe, Eritrea and South Sudan 
Peter Simbani 
Peter Simbani heads the Department of Economic Planning and Development which is responsible for the 
formulation of the medium to long-term development plans for the country, the formulation of the public sector

--- Page 130 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
investment programme and monitoring the performance of sector plans. He has over 27 years' experience in 
aid and debt management. 
He holds a Master's degree in International Development Studies from the University of Bradford as well as a 
Bachelor's degree in Social Sciences from Chancellor College of the University of Malawi. He is the Non-
Executive Director representing Seychelles, Burundi, Madagascar, Ethiopia and Malawi. 
Ms. Shuo Zhou 
Shuo Zhou is the Chief Representative for the People's Bank of China at the Africa office in Tunis. Her career 
comprises of 31 years in PBC as a central banker working on financial supervision and international financial 
cooperation. She served as an Advisor to the Board of Executives of the African Development Bank and Inter-
American Development Bank between 2012-2016.  
Ms. Zhou holds a MA in International Finance from Tsinghua University and a Honor Degree in International 
Finance from the Business School of Liaoning University in China. She is the Non-Executive Director 
representing the constituency comprising Non-African States. 
Abdel-Rahman Taha 
Dr. Taha holds a PhD in Business Administration from the University of California, Los Angeles and an MBA 
from the University of California, Berkeley. He has over 40 years' experience in the management of regional 
multilateral development finance institutions focusing on trade finance and export credit and political risk 
insurance, covering African and other developing countries. 
Dr. Taha previously served as the CEO of the Islamic Corporation for the Insurance of Investment and Export 
Credit. He is an Independent Non-Executive Director. 
Mohamed Kalif 
Mohamed Kalif is the Head of Financial Intermediation of the African Development Bank ("AfDB") which 
covers commercial banks, trade finance, SMEs, insurance, leasing and regional development financial 
institutions. Before joining the Private Sector Department of the AfDB, Mr. Kalif was chief of risk of African 
Development Bank for a period of 7 years. 
Mr. Kalif has accumulated 24 years of banking experience, including of risk management, corporate banking 
and PIF lending in commercial banks and development financial institutions environment. He is the Non-
Executive Director representing African Institutions. 
Busisiwe Alice Dlamini-Nsibande  
Dlamini-Nsibande is an experienced macroeconomist with over 30 years of exposure and working as an 
economist. 
She worked at the Central Bank of Eswatini for 25 years eight of which as Director of the Economics 
department, providing updates on domestic, regional and international developments to the Bank's executive 
committee and Bankers Association meetings. 
She coordinated the monitoring and surveillance of the SADC macroeconomic convergence program to ensure 
economic stability in the region (2008 to 2017). Ms. Dlamini is currently a member of the Central Bank of 
Eswatini Monetary Policy Committee and advises on fiscal and monetary issues. She holds a Bachelor of Arts 
in Economics and Statistics from the University of Botswana and Swaziland and a Master's in Economics from 
the University of Essex 
She is the current Non-Executive Director for the constituency comprising Egypt, Tanzania, Djibouti and 
Eswatini. 
Veenay Rambarassah 
Rambarassah Veenay is Director of Investment at the National Pensions Fund of Mauritius, managing the 
portfolio of all the funds falling under the National Pensions Scheme. Prior to his service at the National

--- Page 131 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
Pensions Fund of Mauritius, Mr. Veenay was a Project Finance Manager for Ebene Cybercity Project in 
Mauritius.  
He holds MSc. in Finance and Investment and ACCA designation and has over 20 years of experience, 
primarily in the finance and accounting field. He is the Non-Executive Director representing the constituency 
comprising All Other Shareholders. 
Peter Molu Ibrae 
Peter Molu is a Program Manager, County Governments in the National Treasury and Planning of Kenya. He 
has over 18 years' experience in human resources and change management. Prior to his service at the National 
Treasury, he was the Human Resources manager for the Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC) 
He holds a master's in human resources management from Egerton University and sits on the Board of Child 
Welfare Society of Kenya. He is the Non-Executive Director representing the constituency comprising Kenya, 
Somalia, Zambia and Mozambique. 
Said Mhamadi 
Said Mhamadi is a Special Advisor to the Minister of Finance and Budget and for the EDF program in 
Comoros. Mr. Mhamadi previously served in various roles at the Ministry of Finance including, Director 
General for Budget and National Economy Expert for the European Development Fund. 
Mr. Mhamadi is the Non-Executive Director representing the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, 
Comoros and Sudan. 
Admassu Tadesse, Group Managing Director and President Emeritus 
Admassu Tadesse is the Group Managing Director and President Emeritus of the Bank. He has over 20 years 
of executive and board experience in specialist and corporate banking, and other financial sectors, has been 
running TDB as CEO since 2012, and has recently assumed the Group Managing Director and President 
Emeritus roles of TDB Group. Prior to TDB, he served as a senior executive at the Development Bank of 
Southern Africa (DBSA), where he worked for some ten years and was responsible for international finance 
and investment, as well as corporate strategy. Earlier in his career, he served in management and technical 
capacities with international funds and development agencies, mainly out of New York and Johannesburg.  
He has and continues to serve on various industry leadership bodies, including the International Development 
Finance Club, the Finance in Common Summit, the Association of African Development Finance Institutions, 
the Southern Africa Development Community DFRC, and the UN African Influencers of Development Group.  
He has also been a member of several professional bodies, such as the institute of bankers in South Africa, 
Kenya and Mauritius, among others. He has also served as a member of several boards of directors of various 
financial institutions in Africa and Europe, including Proparco and FISEA in France, Commonwealth Fund for 
Infrastructure and Gulf Africa Bank among other investment funds, insurance companies and reinsurance 
companies.  
Mr. Tadesse holds an MSc from the London School of Economics and Political Science, and an MBA from 
Wits Business School, in addition to a BA degree from Western University in Canada, and advanced executive 
and leadership training in advanced management, banking and private equity from Harvard Business School, 
Euromoney and INSEAD.  
Executive Management Board 
In October 2020, the Board of Directors strengthened the Bank's Executive Committee and upgraded it into an 
Executive Management Board on the premise that a strengthened executive committee would formally link the 
various management committees of the Bank and enhance coordination and preparations for management 
submissions to the Board. The Executive Management Board serves as a coordination mechanism under the 
authority of the Group Managing Director as Chairperson. 
Group Managing Director 
Pursuant to the Bank's Charter, the Group Managing Director must be a person of integrity and of the highest 
competence to matters pertaining to the activities, management, and administration of TDB Group. The Group

--- Page 132 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
Managing Director presides over the affairs of TDB Group and serves as its legal representative. The TDB 
Group comprises TDB, TDF, ESATF, TCI and the TDB Academy (which is a substructure within TDF).  
The Group Managing Director shall hold office for a term of five years renewable only once at the discretion 
of the BOG. The Board may on a majority of two thirds of the total voting power at the meeting recommend 
the suspension of the Group Managing Director and the appointment of an acting Group Managing Director. 
However, the BOG has the powers to dismiss and suspend the Group Managing Director by a simple majority 
of the voting power of the Issuer Members present upon recommendation of the Board made pursuant to a 
decision of the Board taken by a majority of two thirds of the total voting power at the meeting. The Group 
Managing Director shall also be a national of an Issuer Member State which is a member of COMESA.  
Mr. Admassu Tadesse was unanimously appointed by the Board of Governors in September 2020 as Group 
Managing Director and President Emeritus and assumed his office as Group Managing Director on 1 January 
2021. He is also supported by two Deputy Group Managing Directors, who serve concurrently as Group CRO 
and Group GC, namely Ms. Joy Ntare and Mr. David Bamlango. Mr. Tadesse also concurrently serves as CEO 
of TDB, until a new CEO is appointed in 2021/2022.  
The Chief Executive Officer 
In accordance with the Bank's Charter, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of TDB must be a person of integrity 
with proven track record and highest competence in the business and commercial operations pertaining to his 
or her function. The CEO shall hold office for a term of five years renewable only once and works closely with 
the Group Managing Director in conducting the business of the Bank under the general direction of the Board 
of Directors and in concert with the Executive Management Board.  
In September 2020, the Board of Governors approved that the process for the recruitment of a new Chief 
Executive Officer of the Bank to succeed the incumbent Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, in the context of 
the expanded and consolidated group structure of TDB, commences in 2021. 
Senior Management of the Bank 
The following are the members of the Bank's senior management team: 
No 
Name 
Nationality 
Position 
1 
Admassu Tadesse 
Ethiopian 
TDB Group MD & TDB CEO 
2 
Michael Awori  
Kenyan 
Deputy TDB CEO/Chief Operating Officer 
3 
Joy Ntare 
Rwandan 
Group Deputy MD & Group Chief Risk Officer 
4 
David 
Mumbere 
Bamlango 
Congolese 
Group Deputy MD & Group General Counsel 
5 
Catherine Kimaryo 
Tanzanian 
Chief Strategy Advisor 
6 
Daniel Lam Chun 
Mauritian 
Coverage Executive, Franco-Lusophone Africa 
(ad int) 
7 
Gloria Mamba 
eSwatini 
Coverage Executive, Southern Africa 
8 
Antoine John Esther  
Seychellean 
Coverage Executive, DR Congo & Prospective 
W/A M/S 
9 
Gift Moonga 
Zambian 
Coverage Executive, North-East Africa 
10 
Lloyd Muposhi 
Zambian 
Coverage Executive, East Africa, and Sovereign 
Advisory Origination 
11 
Wycliffe Bbossa  
Ugandan 
Executive, Portfolio Management 
12 
Abraham Byanyima 
Ugandan 
Executive, Treasury  
13 
Goodman Chakanyuka 
Zimbabwean 
Executive, Credit Risk Management 
14 
Francis Namboya 
Malawian 
Executive, Financial Management  
15 
Mary Kamari 
Rwandan 
Executive, Corporate Affairs and Investor 
Relations  
16 
Tom Mzumara 
Zambian 
Corporate Secretary

--- Page 133 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
TDB Group and its Management is led by the Group Managing Director, who is responsible for providing 
overall strategic direction, coordination as well as governance and functional support to the Group's various 
strategic business units and subsidiaries, as well as carrying out asset management and strategic investments. 
TDB Group comprises TDB, TDF, ESATF, TCI and TDB Academy. TDB Group's strategic investees 
companies are the ZEP Reinsurance Company, the Africa Trade Insurance Agency and fund management 
companies, notably ESATAL. The Group Managing Director works closely with the Group General Counsel 
and Group CRO, who also concurrently serve as deputy managing directors responsible for various group-wide 
support and governance functions such as legal, risk, finance and information technology.  
TDB's banking strategic business unit is led by the CEO who is responsible for the development and execution 
of the Bank's business strategies towards fulfilment of the Bank's business plan. The CEO drives the business 
of the bank, defining its business operations and implementing them; providing ongoing monitoring of results 
to ensure plan objectives are being met, undertaking corrective actions as required; co-chairing various 
management committees and supervising various business and portfolio departments and regional coverage 
teams and other bank senior staff. The CEO works closely with the Group MD, serves as a Co-Chair of the 
Executive Management Board, and reports into the Board of Directors, alongside the Group CRO and other 
senior executives. 
The Deputy CEO/COO works closely with the CEO, setting the annual bank plans and targets, and supervising 
the regional coverage executives and origination teams as well as the Bank's portfolio management and lending 
operations departments, including the various specialist units covering trade, project and infrastructure finance 
as well as project advisory. 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between any member of the Bank's management team and 
their duties and the Bank. 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILES 
The following is a summary of key members of the current management team: 
Admassu Tadesse- TDB Group MD and CEO  
See above.  
Michael Awori- TDB Deputy CEO and Chief Operating Officer  
Mr. Awori is an international banker with over 21 years' experience in development finance, investment 
banking, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions and also leveraged finance, and has been a senior 
executive with TDB since 2017. His track-record in international banking includes the execution of over USD 
20 billion in financing, capital markets and M&A transactions in Africa and globally.  
Prior to TDB, Mr. Awori was the Regional Head of Debt Finance, East Africa at Barclays. He has previously 
held positions of Investment Banking Associate at Citigroup Chicago and Vice-President, Asset Based Lending 
and Corporate Banking Officer both at JPMorgan Chase, Chicago. He began his banking career in bulge-
bracket investment banking and corporate banking in Chicago, first with JPMorgan and then Citigroup. He 
spent over a decade with these institutions, advising clients on corporate finance and mergers & acquisitions, 
completing several notable transactions including cross-border M&A and capital market financings, before 
returning to Africa.  
A member of the Mauritius Institute of Directors and Kenya Institute of Directors, he also serves on the Board 
of Directors of Cable & Wireless, Seychelles' leading 'quad-play' telecom company and the Board Investment 
Committee of  ESATF/ESATAL that covers all the Member States of TDB.  Mr. Awori is a graduate of the 
University of Chicago's Booth School of Business and Goshen College, and has trained in advanced 
management training at the London Business School, among others. 
Joy Ntare - Deputy Group MD and Group Chief Risk Officer  
Ms. Ntare is a financial sector executive with close to 30 years of experience in banking, accounting and 
finance. Prior to joining TDB in 2014, she served at the Central Bank of Rwanda for 20 years in several

--- Page 134 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
capacities including as Director General for Financial Stability and Director of Supervision of Non-Bank 
Financial Institutions prior to joining the Bank.  She also worked at the Tanzania Electric Supply Company.  
She has and continues to serve on the boards of directors of various financial institutions, including insurance 
and reinsurance companies.   
She holds an MBA from Cardiff Business School, University of Wales, among others and is a member of the 
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (UK) and the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of 
Rwanda (ICPAR). 
David Mumbere Bamlango- Deputy Group MD & Group General Counsel 
Mr. Bamlango has over 15 years of experience as a corporate lawyer in leveraged finance, project finance, debt 
capital markets, structured finance and derivatives. Prior to his appointment at TDB, Mr. Bamlango was Partner 
in the Finance Practice Group at DLA Piper LLP and an Associate in the Finance and Banking Group at Mayer 
Brown LLP in Chicago before that.  
He serves on legal industry bodies globally as well as the board of directors of TDF and ESATAL, among 
others. Mr. Bamlango has a Juris Doctor from Chicago-Kent College of Law, at the Illinois Institute of 
Technology, and holds a Master's in Business Law from Université Paris Panthéon-Sorbonne, a License in 
Law from Université Lille, and a Graduate in Law (LLB) from Université Libre des Pays des Grands Lacs. He 
is admitted to practice law in the State of New York and the State of Illinois.  
Catherine Kimaryo- Chief Strategy Advisor 
Ms. Kimaryo has over 20 years of experience in Project and Corporate Finance and deal structuring. Ms. 
Kimaryo was previously the Director, the Nairobi Regional Office, responsible for Projects and Infrastructure 
Finance. Before joining TDB, she was a Senior Investment Officer at the World Bank and held roles at the 
United Nations in Kosovo and Akiba Commercial Bank in Tanzania. Ms. Kimaryo holds a Master of Business 
Administration from Wits Business School and a Bachelor of Commerce from McGill University. 
John Esther- Coverage Executive, DR Congo & Prospective West African Member States 
Mr. Esther has over 20 years of experience in banking and insurance. He was most recently CEO of Sacos 
Insurance in Seychelles. Prior to this, he held senior management roles at Barclays in the Seychelles and 
Uganda and was Business Development Director the Seychelles Financial Services Authority. Mr. Esther holds 
Master of Business Administration from Durham University Business School, Bachelor of Laws from 
University of London, Post Graduate Certificate in Education and BSc. Physics from Victoria University of 
Manchester. 
Daniel Lam Chun- Coverage Executive, Indian Ocean-Lusophone Africa (ad int) 
Mr. Lam Chun has over 14 years of experience in investment banking and corporate finance. Prior to joining 
the Bank, he served as the Head of Investment Banking at Barclays Bank Mauritius Ltd, and prior held various 
management roles at Absa Capital Limited, Standard Bank Mauritius Ltd and Mauritius Commercial Bank Ltd 
as a Senior Manager, Investment Banking; Manager, Investment Banking, among others. Mr. Lam Chun holds 
an MBA from the Université Panthéon-Sorbonne, Paris Dauphine, a Master of Professional Accounting, 
Control & Audit from Université d'Auvergne Clermont, and also an MSc. in Accounting & Finance from 
Université d'Auvergne Clermont and Bachelor of Business Administration from Université Lumière Lyon. Mr. 
Lam Chun is a national of Mauritius. 
Gift Moonga- Coverage Executive, North-East Africa, and Representative, Addis Ababa Office 
Mr. Moonga has over 20 years of diverse experience in corporate banking working in Zambia, Seychelles, and 
the UK. Prior to joining the Bank, he served as Head of Corporate Banking at Standard Chartered Bank in 
Zambia. Mr. Moonga holds MSc. Risk Management from Stern Business School, New York University, MSc. 
International Banking and Finance from Salford University, Diploma in Risk Management, Diploma in 
Banking from Chartered Institute of Bankers (UK) and is a Certified Professional Risk Manager.

--- Page 135 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
Gloria Mamba- Director-General (ad int.) Trade and Development Fund (TDF) / Coverage Executive, 
Anglophone Southern Africa 
Ms. Mamba has spent 15 years in financial services in Southern and Eastern Africa. She has extensive 
experience in investment appraisal and monitoring, project development and managing multiple stakeholders, 
including private sector clients, government agencies and DFIs. Before joining TDB, Gloria was an Associate 
Director at Deloitte, Managing Director at the Global Environment Fund and a Divisional Executive at DBSA. 
Ms. Mamba holds a Master's Degree from the Thunderbird School of International Management and a BA in 
Economics from Barnard College. 
Lloyd Muposhi- Coverage Executive, East Africa, and Sovereign Advisory Origination  
Mr. Muposhi has over 20 years of diverse experience in corporate banking with First Rand Bank, Standard 
Chartered Bank and Citibank Zambia. He has prior experience with Quantum Capital and Loita Capital 
Partners. Mr. Muposhi holds a BA from University of Zambia and Master Degree in Law from Northwestern 
Pritzker School of Law/EI University. 
Wycliffe Bbossa- Executive, Portfolio Management 
Mr. Bbossa has 20 years' experience in development finance, business advisory and commercial banking. 
Before joining TDB, he worked with KPMG East Africa on banking reforms and restructuring. Earlier, he 
worked as Manager in Debt Recovery at Goldtrust Bank Uganda. He holds a BA and an MA in Economics 
from the University of Malawi. He also holds a post graduate diploma in Project Management and Evaluation 
from Maastricht School of Management.  
Abraham Byanyima- Executive, Treasury 
Mr. Byanyima has over 15 years of diverse and progressive experience in Emerging and Global Markets gained 
from working for Global Banks and Africa based Financial Institutions.  His expertise includes interest rate 
derivatives and global currency derivative products, forex trading and risk management. Prior to joining the 
Bank, he worked as Vice President of Bank of New York Mellon and as Associate Director at UBS Investment 
Bank, New York.  Mr. Byanyima holds an MBA from Fordham University. 
Goodman Chakanyuka- Executive, Credit Risk Management 
Dr. Chakanyuka has over 18 years of experience in commercial banking across Southern Africa. Previously, 
he served as the Chief Risk Officer at Ned Bank (Swaziland) for 8 years and held senior positions with 
Kingdom Bank and the African Export Import Bank. He holds a Doctorate in Business Leadership from 
UNISA, an MBA and a BSc in Economics from the University of Zimbabwe and is an associate member of 
the Institute of Bankers (Zimbabwe) 
Francis Namboya- Executive, Financial Management Department 
Mr. Namboya has been with the Bank for over 18 years and has almost 30 years of experience as a finance 
specialist.  Before joining TDB, Mr. Namboya worked as Financial Controller, Company Secretary and 
Treasurer for the Commonwealth Development Corporation (CDC) in Tanzania, United Kingdom and Malawi. 
Mr. Namboya holds an MBA from Oxford Brookes University (UK) and a Bachelor of Commerce 
(Accountancy) and Diploma in Business Studies from the University of Malawi. He is a fellow of the 
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (UK) and Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Malawi. 
Mary Kamari - Executive, Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations  
Mary Kamari has close to 20 years of experience leading resource mobilisation, programme management and 
business development efforts in some of the most prominent institutions globally and in Africa, including the 
World Bank, the UN, DBSA and GoodWorks International. Ms. Kamari holds an MBA from California State 
University, a Certificate in Strategic Management in Banking from INSEAD Business School and a Bachelor 
of Business Administration from Makerere University. 
Tom Mzumara - Corporate Secretary

--- Page 136 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
Mr. Mzumara has over 16 years of diverse experience as a legal professional with expertise in corporate legal 
advisory, corporate governance & legal institutional matters, capital markets and other resource mobilisation 
transactions as well as structured financing transactions. Prior to joining TDB, he held various positions 
working both in the private and public sectors as legal practitioner and in-house legal counsel. Mr. Mzumara 
holds an LLM in Commercial Law from the University of Cape Town (South Africa), an LLB from the 
University of Zambia and he is duly admitted to the Zambian bar as an Advocate of the High Court of Zambia. 
Workforce Diversity 
 
The Bank is committed to gender diversity with current female workforce of 43% (with about 40% of the 
professionals and management being female). 
 
The Eminent and Distinguished Persons Advisory Panel 
In late 2016, the Bank established a High Level Eminent and Distinguished Persons Advisory Panel composed 
of a mix of current and former members of the COMESA Authority (former Heads of State), as well as former 
leaders of strategic regional institutions, both financial and economic. The panel was formed to advise the 
Group Managing Director and executive team of the Bank with strategic perspectives/insights and strong 
international networks that will support the promotion and re-positioning of the Bank, as well as its further 
growth and transformation. 
In line with the Corporate Plan 2018-2022, this High Level Eminent and Distinguished Persons Advisory Panel 
and its members supports high level engagements, through targeted advocacy and outreach with the objective 
of mobilising select member states/countries, strategic funding partners and institutional investors. 
The following is a summary of the current members of the panel. 
Name 
Profile 
H.E. Mr Danny Faure ................................................. 
Former President, Republic of Seychelles 
H.E. Mr. Rupiah Banda .............................................. 
Former President, Republic of Zambia 
Mr. Erastus Mwenche ................................................ 
Former Deputy Chairperson, African Union 
Commission 
Dr. Donald Kaberuka ................................................. 
Former President, African Development Bank 
 
 
Dr. Norbert Kloppenburg ........................................... 
Member of the Executive Board, KfW

--- Page 137 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
DEPARTMENTS OF THE BANK 
The roles and responsibilities of each department are summarised below 
Compliance and Risk Management 
The Compliance and Risk Management Department ("CRMD") serves as an independent and dedicated risk 
management unit whose main responsibility of the monitoring, measurement, evaluation and reporting, on a 
Bank-wide basis, of all risks including compliance risk. The CRMD reports to the Audit Committee of the 
Board of Directors. 
CRMD's specific responsibilities include: 
(a) 
measuring and reporting on an aggregate basis, all risk exposures across the Bank against approved 
limits; 
(b) 
coordinating the design, implementation and monitoring of business continuity and other corporate 
risk management plans; 
(c) 
reviewing risk policies and risk exposure limits as may be recommended by departments and units; 
(d) 
coordinating and facilitating the maintenance of risk registers and risk mitigation action plans; 
(e) 
coordinating the design, implementation and monitoring of other risk management initiatives; 
(f) 
conducting reviews and assessments of credit applications and providing independent opinions; and 
(g) 
monitoring and reporting progress on implementation of departmental risk management plans. 
CRMD monitors the Bank's risk exposures on a continuous basis and reports monthly to management through 
the BIRMC and quarterly through the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
Money Laundering and "Know Your Customer" Checks 
In support of global efforts towards fighting money laundering and terrorism financing, the Bank applies 
various anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing controls as provided in its policy. These include 
the administration of "Know Your Customer" checklists, the designation of a Money Laundering Reporting 
Officer within the Compliance and Risk Management Department, continuous staff training and independent 
auditing of the procedures and controls to ensure conformity with best practices. The Bank also uses Thomson 
Reuters World Check programme to check counterparties against sanctions related lists globally and any 
negative publicity. 
The Bank's "Know Your Customer" policy requires the submission of certain information including the entity's 
certificate of incorporation, physical and operating addresses, board resolutions/mandates with respect to 
specific transactions, memorandum and articles of association, profile of board members and management, 
details of shareholdings, and ultimate beneficial owners with a stake in excess of 20 per cent. in an entity, and 
recently audited financial statements. The policy prohibits any dealings with shell companies. 
Additional information is obtained from various databases including the asset freeze targets lists designated by 
the United Nations and the European Union. The Bank also undertakes due diligence on the intended 
application of loan funds so as to satisfy itself on the authenticity of the transactions and credibility of the 
parties involved. For import related transactions, the Bank encourages disbursements through the use of 
confirmed letters of credit while for other transactions, disbursement applications are scrutinised to ensure that 
they conform to the purpose for which the loan was approved. 
In 2015, the Bank reviewed and revamped its AML/CFT framework to further consolidate its effective internal 
controls. This included the enhanced customer due diligence policies, procedures, processes, for all customers 
particularly those that present a high risk of money laundering or terrorist financing. The Bank is currently in 
the process of undertaking an independent review of its AML/CFT and Sanctions framework to ensure that it 
is robust and up-to-date and conforms to best practice. This will ensure that the framework is able to adequately 
identify associated risks and take appropriate mitigating measures. The Bank has a whistle blowing policy that 
requires all employees to report any unusual transactions or non-compliance. Any suspicious transactions are

--- Page 138 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
reported to the Bank's Management and Board of Directors, and where need be, to the central banks or other 
Issuer Member States' regulatory authorities for further investigation. 
Sanctions Checks 
All the Bank's customers, counterparties, involved parties, and staff are screen against lists of persons, entities 
and countries appearing on the sanctions lists as published by the United Nations, European Union, United 
States government, the United Kingdom, and such other governments related to the transaction. Screening is 
carried out at onboarding, due diligence, financial close, disbursement, and monitoring stages. The Bank's 
screening solution is automated (World check) and capable on providing the bank with daily updates. 
The Bank has a full-fledged Compliance Unit to ensure that the Bank complies with its internal sanctions 
policy, together with any local and international sanctions regime as may be applicable to the Bank. 
Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations 
The Corporate Affairs Department is responsible for managing key stakeholder relations which include Issuer 
Member States, lenders, business partners and donors. The department also coordinates membership expansion 
and the management of strategic partnerships with bilateral and multi-lateral development partners. The 
department provides analytical and policy advice to the Group Managing Director on various strategic 
initiatives, maintains information of development issues in the region, provides administrative and logistical 
support to the Board and handles the Bank's public relations activities. 
Coverage 
In line with the Bank's decentralisation and partnership strategy to better service the whole region, the Bank 
has recently revised its operating model in an endeavour to bring its services closer to clients. Under this new 
coverage model, the Bank aims to serve its clients through regional coverage banking teams strategically placed 
in each of the Bank's operational hubs namely, Mauritius, Kenya, Zimbabwe and Ethiopia. Each hub is headed 
by a regional coverage executive assisted by a number of International coverage bankers. The expansion and 
enhancement of the Bank's new and existing offices has redefined the Bank's business model into a customised 
country specific approach to reinforce its client focus and outreach. 
The coverage team assumes full ownership of the client and, with the support of the lending operations team, 
offers improved turnaround time on client requests, whilst supporting the PMD team with the management of 
clients in the live portfolio. 
Export Credit Agency Finance Unit 
To support the Bank's corporate resource mobilisation strategy that calls for a diversified growth in funding 
sources and allow for bilateral sources of funding to drive business, the Bank set up a fully-fledged Export 
Credit Agency Finance Unit ("ECA Finance Unit") in 2016. 
The ECA Finance Unit aims to contribute, among other things, to: 
(a) 
minimisation of the Bank's cost of funding, hence contributing to the Bank's profitability; 
(b) 
minimisation of mismatches of assets and liabilities, maturity, and currency; 
(c) 
diversification and expansion of the Bank's sources of funding through expansion of ECA and ECA-
backed lender base; 
(d) 
expansion of the Bank's geographic coverage and sector diversification by providing access to finance 
to high-risk countries and sectors; and 
(e) 
business and pipeline development by leveraging the Bank's relationships with ECAs and ECA-backed 
lenders. 
The ECA Finance Unit is strengthening its collaboration with several ECAs in OECD countries, namely; Euler 
Hermes, Finnvera, JBIC-NEXI, US EXIM, SACE, EKN to actively support Bank projects with ECA-backed 
financing. The ECA Finance Unit is also in advanced discussions with ECAs in the emerging markets of India 
(Exim India), Brazil (BNDES) and Belarus (Eximgarant-DBRB) to consolidate and diversify its funding mix.

--- Page 139 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
Finance 
The Finance department is responsible for ensuring timely availability of accurate and readily usable financial 
information, and adequate funding to meet all operational requirements. Its main focus is therefore on 
budgeting and control, financial reporting and resource mobilisation and management. 
Human Resources and Administration 
The Human Resources and Administration Department is responsible for all staffing and administration matters 
including staff recruitment, staff welfare, performance evaluation and the provision of administrative support 
services to other departments. 
In appointing officers and staff to the Bank, consideration is given to employing individuals with the highest 
standards of integrity and professionalism. During 2018, the Bank had 138 employees of which 101 employees 
were professionally qualified constituting 73 per cent. of the total workforce. Female employees represented 
43 per cent. of the total workforce. 
Legal Services 
The Legal Services department has the responsibility of executing the general legal advisory services function 
of the Bank. In its core function of providing legal services support, the department is responsible for serving 
as general legal counsel of the Bank, drafting various legal instruments, instructing external counsel of the 
Bank and overseeing the smooth conduct of its litigation portfolio. It reviews and advises upon contractual 
arrangements with various counterparties with whom the Bank engages in its ordinary course of business. 
Lending Operations Department (PIF and Trade Finance) 
The Lending Operations Department is responsible for coordinating the Bank's two main financing activities 
namely PIF and trade finance with its key functions including appraising credit applications, securing the 
required approvals and committing the underlying loans through appropriate documentation and fulfilment of 
conditions precedent to disbursement. The Department is also responsible for relationship and portfolio 
management functions of trade finance accounts which are regular in terms of loan servicing. 
Portfolio Management 
The Portfolio Management Department ("PMD") is responsible for the administration and monitoring of PIF 
loans and investments immediately from the first disbursement of funds through to project implementation. 
PMD also takes over the responsibility of managing trade finance accounts whose ageing of arrears exceed 90 
days. 
The overall aim of the department is to manage and maintain a high quality loans portfolio by ensuring that all 
Bank-supported transactions perform in line with the credit appraisal requirements and that the approved terms 
and conditions are executed appropriately. 
Other functions of PMD include: 
(a) 
developing and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Bank's loan administration, 
supervision, monitoring, and debt recovery processes; 
(b) 
checking and verifying compliance with the provisions of the credit approvals and the loan agreements 
in the disbursement process; 
(c) 
checking and verifying compliance to the Banks' approved procurement policy and procedures by 
borrowers; 
(d) 
sustaining regular loan repayment status of existing and new borrowers; 
(e) 
grading of loans based on performance of individual accounts and recommending classification and 
loan provisioning; 
(f) 
working out existing and potential non-performing loans through restructuring arrangements which 
are reinforced by effective supervision and monitoring activities; and

--- Page 140 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
(g) 
assessing the performance and exit mechanisms for accounts in receivership and monitoring the 
overall performance of receivership operations for both in-house and external receivers. 
(h) 
As part of its core responsibilities, PMD generates the following reports: 
(i) 
back to office reports arising from the monitoring and supervision visits to projects; 
(j) 
arrears recovery reports to apprise the ARC on the status of the outstanding arrears and the recovery 
actions taken or proposed to be taken by PMD to have the arrears settled. The reports are prepared on 
a monthly basis; 
(k) 
quarterly compliance reports setting out the status of compliance by the borrower with the terms and 
conditions of the loan /facility agreement. The reports are submitted to CRMU; and 
(l) 
quarterly portfolio reports detailing country, industry, sector exposure by type of advances and 
duration of loan. The reports which are submitted to the Board of Directors incorporate comments on 
the performance of the main borrowers and overall portfolio performance. 
Syndications and Agency Operations 
The Syndication and Agency Operations Department is responsible for implementing the Bank's capital 
leveraging and asset distribution strategy by mobilising funds from African and global development finance 
institutions, export credit agencies, commercial banks, debt and pension funds to support trade and 
infrastructure expansion in Issuer Member States. The department also supports the Bank's overall capital 
optimisation strategy by proactively distributing the Bank's loan assets to mitigate obligor, sector and 
geographic concentration to ensure adherence to prudential limits, whilst providing limits for booking of new 
loan assets and generating incremental fee income. 
Through its leveraging role, the department attracts global and African financial institutions into large-ticket 
transactions arranged by the Bank to support sovereign and corporate clients, by optimising the Bank's 
preferred creditor status in the Issuer Member States, and acting as "Mandated Lead Arranger" and "Facility 
Agent" or "Security Agent" on such transactions. 
Treasury 
The Treasury Department is responsible for the management of the Bank's liquidity and market risks by 
ensuring that risk is controlled within the bank policy risk guidelines. Treasury is also charged with market 
facing functions that include term liability issuance as well as Money Market operations. A treasury 
management system platform was implemented at the end of 2018. With the implementation of the Treasury 
Management System, Treasury is in a better position to optimise capital and balance sheet management and 
Bank's liquidity.

--- Page 141 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
CORPORATE PLAN 2018-2022 
Corporate Strategy 
The main pillars for Corporate Plan 2018-2022 are: 
(i) 
sustainable and managed growth strategy through product and geographic diversification and 
innovation. Efficient utilisation of resources and optimisation through alignment of funds and 
structuring; 
(ii) 
operational excellence through automation of processes, service delivery and quality assurance; 
(iii) 
become a risk intelligent organisation through proactive implementation of enterprise-wide risk 
management strategies; 
(iv) 
focused partnerships and mobilisation of specialized funds to raise sufficient resources to support 
growth; and 
(v) 
embrace sustainability in all business practices & processes to deliver "triple bottom line" results. 
During the first two years of Corporate Plan 2018-2022, the Bank successfully implemented a coverage model 
which consisted in establishing geographic coverage teams separate from the specialist teams powering the 
Bank's core lines of business, Project and Infrastructure Finance and Trade Finance. The Bank's operating 
region has thus been divided into five sub-regions: Southern, Eastern, North-Eastern, DRC and the Indian 
Ocean-Lusophone, the latter comprising the Indian Ocean Islands as well as Portuguese speaking countries. 
The deployment of this coverage model played an important role in driving the Bank's performance. In addition 
to managing the DRC operations, the DRC country office also covers prospective West African member states. 
Another of the key enablers of growth at the Bank has been the introduction of syndications and agencies in 
the strategy for asset growth. In all, the Bank's syndications and agency activities have crowded in USD 1.5 
billion of capital with 67% coming from African investors, 19% from European partners, 8% Asian partners 
and 6% from US-based partners. TDB also launched an advisory line of business incubated within the Lending 
Operations complex, providing transaction advisory services to private sector clients. 
The Bank further launched the Small and Medium-sized Enterprises ("SME") program during first half of 
Corporate Plan 2018-2022. The SME program has already deployed an aggregate of USD 3.0 million in six 
Member States to support small businesses mainly run by women in various sectors including agribusiness, 
light manufacturing, hospitality, and tourism. The Bank's support for the SME program is driven by the 
recognition that, due to the nature of the Member State economies, SMEs provide the greatest source of 
employment alongside the public sector. 
TDB continues to invest heavily in its staff, by far the Bank's most valued asset, The Young Professional and 
Mid-Career programmes continued to play an important role in helping the Bank attract highly qualified 
employees in a tight market for qualified talents. The Bank has also continued to attract and retain some of the 
best talent the African continent has to offer through very competitive and attractive employment terms for 
staff, while maintaining very high recruitment standards. Through TDB Academy, the Bank has expanded its 
programming with respect to training and professional development opportunities for the staff. 
Mid-way through implementation of Corporate Plan 2018-2022, the world found itself in the grips of COVID-
19, a global pandemic whose closest comparator is the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic, but on a much larger scale 
due to increased mobility, global trade and interdependence. The pandemic is unprecedented in terms of scale 
and severity. The various quarantine and lockdown measures imposed across the globe have adversely 
impacted the Bank's business in terms of growth and asset quality. However, despite those challenges, the Bank 
remains committed to continuing on the best possible growth path likely to deliver profitability and 
sustainability while pursuing the vision to be "A world class African development financial institution 
advancing the economic development, integration and prosperity of the region." 
Competition 
The competitive landscape in which the Bank operates includes local commercial banks, subsidiaries of 
international banks, regional and international development financial institutions. Given, however, the

--- Page 142 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
significant demand for development capital in the region, the Bank views the presence of these institutions 
both from a competitive position and a complementary or collaborative perspective. 
Subsidiaries of foreign banks operating in the Issuer Member States include Absa, Standard Bank of South 
Africa, Citibank and Standard Chartered Bank. The Bank enjoys good working relations with these foreign 
banks and is often invited to join club deals or syndications arranged by them. A number of these banks fund 
the Bank's trade finance activities. 
TDB's competitive advantage is derived from; 
(i) 
ability to extend both long and short-term foreign and local currency denominated loans to the 
operating region; 
(ii) 
ability to act as a credible intermediary and conduit of financing for international financial institutions 
unable to lend directly to the operating region; 
(iii) 
capitalisation in U.S. dollars and the availability of significant levels of callable capital acting as 
guarantee to the Bank's borrowings; 
(iv) 
focus on the operating region's private sector, recognised as the engine of growth for the Issuer 
Member States; 
(v) 
intimate knowledge of the operating region through linkages with government institutions, central 
banks, commercial banks, local development financial institutions and private sector operators; and 
(vi) 
human resources capacity with extensive experience, depth and breadth in development banking in 
Africa. 
The Bank enjoys strong relations with African continental and regional development financial institutions 
which include the African Development Bank ("AfDB"), African Export-Import Bank ("AfreximBank"), 
Development Bank of South Africa ("DBSA"), Africa Finance Corporation ("AFC") and the East African 
Development Bank ("EADB"). AfDB has provided equity and lines of credit to the Bank in excess of USD 
184 million and is an active co-financier on a number of Bank financed projects. The Bank has a 0.3 per cent. 
equity stake in Afrexim bank, an active co-financier on a number of trade finance and project finance 
transactions. DBSA has provided a USD 95 million line of credit to the Bank and is also an active co-financier 
on several transactions. 
International financial institutions such as the International Finance Corporation, Agence Francaise de 
Development ("AFD"), Kreditanstalt fur Wiederaufbau (KFW), Japan Bank of International Co- Operation, 
China Import Export Bank, PROPARCO, (Promotion et Participation pour la Coopération), DEG (Deutsche 
Investitions und Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH), FMO (Nederlandse Financierings - Maatschappij voor 
Ontwikkelingslanden N.V.), USAID, the European Investment Bank ("EIB") and the UK's CDC Group are 
active players in the provision of medium to long term development capital in the region.

--- Page 143 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The Charter  
Under Article 43 of The Charter, the Bank is exempt from any obligation relating to the payment, withholding 
or collection of any tax or duty within the jurisdictions of the Issuer Member States. 
The Bank, its property, other assets, income and transaction, are exempt from all taxation and from all customs 
duties and prohibitions and restrictions on imports and exports in respect of articles imported or exported by 
the Bank for its official use. 
Article 43 further states that no tax of any kind shall be levied on any obligations or securities issued by the 
Bank, including any dividend or interest thereon, by whomever held; which discriminates against such 
obligations or security solely because it is issued by the Bank; or if the sole reason for the imposition of such 
a tax is the place or currency in which such obligations or securities are issued, made payable or paid or the 
location of any office maintained by the Bank.

--- Page 144 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the second amended and restated dealer agreement 
dated 23 June 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers and Arrangers, 
the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer 
has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. 
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that 
are severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General: 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation that any action has been or will be taken in any 
jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Each Dealer shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession 
or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms, in all cases at its own 
expense. 
No Dealer is authorised to make any representation or use any information in connection with the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes other than as contained in, or which is consistent with, the documents permitted to be 
circulated in accordance with Clause 5.2 (Distribution of Prospectus) of the Dealer Agreement. 
United States of America: 
"The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any security regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of, the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer represents, warrants and agrees that it has offered and sold the Notes of any identifiable tranche, 
and shall offer and sell the Notes of any identifiable tranche (1) as part of its distribution at any time and (2) 
otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such tranche as determined and certified to the 
Issuer and each Relevant Dealer, by the Issuing and Paying Agent or, in the case of a Syndicated Issue, the 
Lead Manager, only in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, neither it, its 
affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts 
with respect to the Notes or has solicited or will solicit offers for, or offer to sell, Notes by means of any general 
solicitation or advertising in the United States or otherwise in any manner involving a public offering within 
the meaning of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, and it and they have complied and shall comply with the 
offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer agrees to notify the Issuing and Paying Agent 
or, in the case of a Syndicated Issue, the Lead Manager when it has completed the distribution of its portion of 
the Notes of any identifiable tranche so that the Issuing and Paying Agent or, in the case of a Syndicated Issue, 
the Lead Manager may determine the completion of the distribution of all Notes of that tranche and notify the 
other Relevant Dealers of the end of the distribution compliance period.

--- Page 145 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
Each Dealer agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
'The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of 
the distribution of such tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer and [Relevant Dealers], by [Lead 
Manager], except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.' 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, unless the Final Terms or the Subscription Agreement relating to one or more Tranches specifies 
that the applicable TEFRA exemption is either "C Rules" or "not applicable", each Dealer represents and 
agrees in relation to each Tranche of Notes in bearer form: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"): 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold, and during a 40 day restricted period shall not offer or sell, Notes in 
bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person and 
(ii) 
it has not delivered and shall not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive 
Notes in bearer form that are sold during the restricted period 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period shall have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes in bearer form for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance and if it retains Notes in bearer form for its own account, it 
shall only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from it Notes in bearer form for the purpose of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, it either (a) repeats and confirms the representations 
contained in Clauses 3.2(a), 3.2(b) and 3.2(c) of the Dealer Agreement on behalf of such affiliate or 
(b) agrees that it shall obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations 
contained in Clauses 3.2(a), 3.2(b) and 3.2(c) of the Dealer Agreement. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In addition, to the extent that the Final Terms relating to one or more Tranches of Bearer Notes specifies that 
the applicable TEFRA exemption is "C Rules", under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), 
Notes in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection 
with their original issuance. In relation to each such Tranche, each Dealer represents, warrants and agrees that 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and shall not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer 
form within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, in 
connection with their original issuance of Notes in bearer form, it has not communicated, and shall not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such purchaser or it is within the 
United States or its possessions or otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes in bearer form. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not

--- Page 146 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Mediation Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes 
EU Prospectus Regulation Public Offer Selling Restriction 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
the Base Offering Memorandum in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision only, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes, and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Offering Memorandum in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of

--- Page 147 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
UK Prospectus Regulation Public Offer Selling Restriction 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Offering 
Memorandum in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision only, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes, and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the 
Issuer; 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom.

--- Page 148 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
Belgium 
With regard to Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months (and which therefore fall outside the scope of 
the Prospectus Regulation), the Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted 
for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it shall refrain from taking any action that would be characterised as or 
result in a public offering of Notes in Belgium in accordance with the Belgian Law on public offerings of 
investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated markets, as 
amended or replaced from time to time. 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers, and each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, such Notes to Belgian 
Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, 
the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to such Notes to Belgian 
Consumers. 
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, 
as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 
de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which 
are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus and any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) 
of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 149 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Kenya: 
This Base Prospectus and the offering of any Notes have not been nor will it be approved by the Capital Markets 
Authority of Kenya. 
Issuer Member States: 
Each Dealer represents, warrants and undertakes that it will not, as part of its initial distribution of Notes, offer 
or sell any Notes to residents of any Issuer Member State or legal entity incorporated in any Issuer Member 
State. 
Notes may not be offered or sold to residents of any Issuer Member State or to any legal entity incorporated in 
any Issuer Member State.

--- Page 150 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]/[•]] 
MiFIR product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, 
the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
("FSMA") and any rules made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPS Regulation"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 151 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the current 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation.]2 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) 
(the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of 
the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than 
"prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and ["Excluded Investment Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
Final Terms dated [Date] 2021 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK 
LEI: [2138004HC83AB2ENIZ64/[•]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the USD [•] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 23 June 2021 [and the Base Prospectus Supplement dated [•] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended or superseded, the "Prospectus Regulation")] [and/or] [the UK Prospectus Regulation][, as 
applicable]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
5.4 of the [Prospectus Regulation] [and/or] [the UK Prospectus Regulation][, as applicable], in each case and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2017/2019] Conditions (the 
"[2017/2019] Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [28 February 2017/14 May 2019] [and the 
supplements to it dated [•]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 23 June 2021. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the [Prospectus Regulation] [and/or] [the UK Prospectus Regulation][, as applicable] and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 23 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes the [Prospectus Regulation] 
[and/or] [the UK Prospectus Regulation][, as applicable], save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth 
in the base prospectus dated [•] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended or superseded. The 
expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the current 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"). 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Regulation3. 
 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
3 
Remove this language for unlisted Notes.

--- Page 152 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number (If fungible with an 
existing Series: 
[•] 
 
(a) 
Issue Date of existing Series 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
of existing Series 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
become Fungible 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date].]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[months][LIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/EURIBOR] 
+/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[further particulars specified below in paragraphs 
12 and 13] 
9. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[further particulars specified below in paragraphs 
15 and 16] 
10. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Rated/Perpetual]/ Subordinated]

--- Page 153 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] 
 
 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
11. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi- 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
 
 
[[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention] and specify any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 
/ Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
[[•]in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•]

--- Page 154 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Agent]): 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Rate/Benchmark: 
[•] 
 
- 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 
/ Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 155 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period 
[•] 
16. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period 
[•] 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(i) 
Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Minimum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Maximum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption. 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
19. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for a for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
Global Certificate] 
20. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
21. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 156 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
22. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which items 15(ii), I6(v) and 18(ix) relates 
 
(a) 
Date of payment 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Place of payment 
[•] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] [If yes, specify dates on which Talons 
will be exchangeable for further coupons] 
24. 
Renminbi Currency Events: 
[Condition 8(j) is applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
25. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable]] 
DISTRIBUTION 
26. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names [and addresses] 
of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers.) 
 
(ii) 
[Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•]] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(v) 
Total commission and concession: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
27. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•] 
[See 
["Use 
of 
Proceeds"] 
in 
Base 
Prospectus"/Give details] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 157 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Eastern and Southern African Trade and Development Bank: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 158 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Dublin's regulated market] with effect 
from [•].] [The Issuer will also make an application 
for the Notes to be listed on the Official Market of 
the Stock Exchange of Mauritius Ltd.] [Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant market] with effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable.] (Where documenting a fungible issue 
need to indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]]: 
 
 
[S&P: [•]] [Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[[Fitch: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Endorsed by [•]] 
[[Insert Credit Rating agency]] is established in the 
United Kingdom ("UK") and is registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") on credit rating agencies as it forms 
part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation")] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation").]  
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA 
Regulation").]

--- Page 159 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]] 
4. 
Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available]] 
 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available]] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
societe 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification numbers): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[•] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend

--- Page 160 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. While the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]

--- Page 161 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to 
the issue of the relevant Notes. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted 
to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. 
The Issuer may make an application for such listed Notes to also be listed on the Official Market of 
the Stock Exchange of Mauritius Ltd. 
2. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors passed on 7 
June 2021. The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the establishment of the Programme and with the issue and performance of Notes under the 
Programme. The establishment of the Programme and the issue and performance of Notes under the 
Programme is authorised pursuant to the Charter. 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer, 
and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, since 31 December 2020. The Issuer 
prepares its financial statements in accordance with IFRS. 
4. 
As disclosed on page 98 of this Base Prospectus (see "Business of the Bank – Material Litigation"), 
the Issuer is not, nor has it been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during 
the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
5. 
Each Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code". 
6. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, 
which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to its ability 
to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
8. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. 
9. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will be available for inspection at https://www.tdbgroup.org/emtn-programme/:

--- Page 162 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the Global Certificates, the 
definitive Bearer Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Charter of the Eastern and Southern African Trade and Development Bank; 
(iv) 
the published annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 and audited accounts of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
2019; 
(v) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); and 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement of Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/).  
10. 
Copies of the latest annual report and accounts of the Issuer and the latest interim accounts of the 
Issuer may be obtained, and copies of the Trust Deed will be available for inspection, at the specified 
offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice, so long 
as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
11. 
The Bank's current external auditors, Deloitte & Touche of Kenya, whose registered address is at 
Deloitte Place Waiyaki Way, Muthangari, P.O Box 40092-00100 Nairobi ("Deloitte"), have audited 
and rendered an unqualified audit opinion on the accounts of the Bank for the year ended 31 December 
2020. 
12. 
Deloitte is a member of The Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Kenya ("ICPAK"), an affiliate 
of the International Federation of Accountants ("IFAC"). 
13. 
All notices to Noteholders shall be given to them in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (as 
modified, in the event of Notes held in global form, by the provisions of paragraph 4 "Amendments to 
Conditions" in "Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form". 
14. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
15. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to the notes and is not itself seeking admission of the notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
16. 
Certain of the Arrangers and Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Arrangers and Dealers and 
their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in an issuance of Notes, related derivatives 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities.

--- Page 163 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
17. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers and Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account 
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Arrangers and Dealers 
or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Arrangers and 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially an issuance of Notes. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
any issuance of Notes. The Arrangers and Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
18. 
The Bank's Legal Identifier Code ("LEI") is 2138004HC83AB2ENIZ64.

--- Page 164 ---
F 
 
 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 
Page 
Audit Reports and Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2020 
F-1 
Corporate Information ............................................................................................................ 
F-3 – F-5 
Report of Directors .................................................................................................................  
F-6 
Statement of Director's Responsibilities .................................................................................  
F-7 
Report of the Independent Auditors ......................................................................................  
F-8 
Financial Statements: 
 
 
Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income ......................................  
F-13 – F-14 
 
Statement of Financial Position ......................................................................................  
F-15 – F-16 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity .......................................................................................  
F-17 – F-18 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
F-19 – F-20 
 
Notes in Financial Statements 
F-21 – F-126 
Audit Reports and Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2019 
F-127 
Corporate Information ...........................................................................................................  
F-129 – F-131 
Report of the Directors ..........................................................................................................  
F-132 
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities ................................................................................  
F-133 
Report of the Independent Auditors ......................................................................................  
F-134 – F-138 
Financial Statements: 
 
 
Statement of Profit and Loss and Other Comprehensive Income .....................................  
F-139 – F-140 
 
Statement of Financial Position .......................................................................................  
F-141 – F-142 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity .......................................................................................  
F-143 – F-144 
 
Statement of Cash Flows ..................................................................................................  
F-145 – F-146 
 
Notes in Financial Statements ..........................................................................................  
F-147 – F-247 
Audit Reports and Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2018 
F-248 
Corporate Information ...........................................................................................................  
F-249 – F-251 
Report of the Directors ..........................................................................................................  
F-252 – F-253 
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities ................................................................................  
F-254 
Report of the Independent Auditors ......................................................................................  
F-255 – F-259 
Financial Statements: 
 
 
Statement of Profit or Loss or Other Comprehensive Income .........................................  
F-260 
 
Statement of Financial Position .......................................................................................  
F-261 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity .......................................................................................  
F-262 
 
Statement of Cash Flows ..................................................................................................  
F-263 
 
Notes in Financial Statements ..........................................................................................  
F-264 – F-363

--- Page 165 ---
F-001

--- Page 166 ---
F-002

--- Page 167 ---
F-003

--- Page 168 ---
F-004

--- Page 169 ---
F-005

--- Page 170 ---
F-006

--- Page 171 ---
F-007

--- Page 172 ---
F-008

--- Page 173 ---
F-009

--- Page 174 ---
F-010

--- Page 175 ---
F-011

--- Page 176 ---
F-012

--- Page 177 ---
F-013

--- Page 178 ---
F-014

--- Page 179 ---
F-015

--- Page 180 ---
F-016

--- Page 181 ---
F-017

--- Page 182 ---
F-018

--- Page 183 ---
F-019

--- Page 184 ---
F-020

--- Page 185 ---
F-021

--- Page 186 ---
F-022

--- Page 187 ---
F-023

--- Page 188 ---
F-024

--- Page 189 ---
F-025

--- Page 190 ---
F-026

--- Page 191 ---
F-027

--- Page 192 ---
F-028

--- Page 193 ---
F-029

--- Page 194 ---
F-030

--- Page 195 ---
F-031

--- Page 196 ---
F-032

--- Page 197 ---
F-033

--- Page 198 ---
F-034

--- Page 199 ---
F-035

--- Page 200 ---
F-036

--- Page 201 ---
F-037

--- Page 202 ---
F-038

--- Page 203 ---
F-039

--- Page 204 ---
F-040

--- Page 205 ---
F-041

--- Page 206 ---
F-042

--- Page 207 ---
F-043

--- Page 208 ---
F-044

--- Page 209 ---
F-045

--- Page 210 ---
F-046

--- Page 211 ---
F-047

--- Page 212 ---
F-048

--- Page 213 ---
F-049

--- Page 214 ---
F-050

--- Page 215 ---
F-051

--- Page 216 ---
F-052

--- Page 217 ---
F-053

--- Page 218 ---
F-054

--- Page 219 ---
F-055

--- Page 220 ---
F-056

--- Page 221 ---
F-057

--- Page 222 ---
F-058

--- Page 223 ---
F-059

--- Page 224 ---
F-060

--- Page 225 ---
F-061

--- Page 226 ---
F-062

--- Page 227 ---
F-063

--- Page 228 ---
F-064

--- Page 229 ---
F-065

--- Page 230 ---
F-066

--- Page 231 ---
F-067

--- Page 232 ---
F-068

--- Page 233 ---
F-069

--- Page 234 ---
F-070

--- Page 235 ---
F-071

--- Page 236 ---
F-072

--- Page 237 ---
F-073

--- Page 238 ---
F-074

--- Page 239 ---
F-075

--- Page 240 ---
F-076

--- Page 241 ---
F-077

--- Page 242 ---
F-078

--- Page 243 ---
F-079

--- Page 244 ---
F-080

--- Page 245 ---
F-081

--- Page 246 ---
F-082

--- Page 247 ---
F-083

--- Page 248 ---
F-084

--- Page 249 ---
F-085

--- Page 250 ---
F-086

--- Page 251 ---
F-087

--- Page 252 ---
F-088

--- Page 253 ---
F-089

--- Page 254 ---
F-090

--- Page 255 ---
F-091

--- Page 256 ---
F-092

--- Page 257 ---
F-093

--- Page 258 ---
F-094

--- Page 259 ---
F-095

--- Page 260 ---
F-096

--- Page 261 ---
F-097

--- Page 262 ---
F-098

--- Page 263 ---
F-099

--- Page 264 ---
F-100

--- Page 265 ---
F-101

--- Page 266 ---
F-102

--- Page 267 ---
F-103

--- Page 268 ---
F-104

--- Page 269 ---
F-105

--- Page 270 ---
F-106

--- Page 271 ---
F-107

--- Page 272 ---
F-108

--- Page 273 ---
F-109

--- Page 274 ---
F-110

--- Page 275 ---
F-111

--- Page 276 ---
F-112

--- Page 277 ---
F-113

--- Page 278 ---
F-114

--- Page 279 ---
F-115

--- Page 280 ---
F-116

--- Page 281 ---
F-117

--- Page 282 ---
F-118

--- Page 283 ---
F-119

--- Page 284 ---
F-120

--- Page 285 ---
F-121

--- Page 286 ---
F-122

--- Page 287 ---
F-123

--- Page 288 ---
F-124

--- Page 289 ---
F-125

--- Page 290 ---
F-126

--- Page 291 ---
F-127

--- Page 292 ---
F-128

--- Page 293 ---
F-129

--- Page 294 ---
F-130

--- Page 295 ---
F-131

--- Page 296 ---
F-132

--- Page 297 ---
F-133

--- Page 298 ---
F-134

--- Page 299 ---
F-135

--- Page 300 ---
F-136

--- Page 301 ---
F-137

--- Page 302 ---
F-138

--- Page 303 ---
F-139

--- Page 304 ---
F-140

--- Page 305 ---
F-141

--- Page 306 ---
F-142

--- Page 307 ---
F-143

--- Page 308 ---
F-144

--- Page 309 ---
F-145

--- Page 310 ---
F-146

--- Page 311 ---
F-147

--- Page 312 ---
F-148

--- Page 313 ---
F-149

--- Page 314 ---
F-150

--- Page 315 ---
F-151

--- Page 316 ---
F-152

--- Page 317 ---
F-153

--- Page 318 ---
F-154

--- Page 319 ---
F-155

--- Page 320 ---
F-156

--- Page 321 ---
F-157

--- Page 322 ---
F-158

--- Page 323 ---
F-159

--- Page 324 ---
F-160

--- Page 325 ---
F-161

--- Page 326 ---
F-162

--- Page 327 ---
F-163

--- Page 328 ---
F-164

--- Page 329 ---
F-165

--- Page 330 ---
F-166

--- Page 331 ---
F-167

--- Page 332 ---
F-168

--- Page 333 ---
F-169

--- Page 334 ---
F-170

--- Page 335 ---
F-171

--- Page 336 ---
F-172

--- Page 337 ---
F-173

--- Page 338 ---
F-174

--- Page 339 ---
51 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
18. 
IMPAIRMENT ALLOWANCE  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The movement in the allowance is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Project   
Trade 
Low Credit 
Off-Balance Sheet 
Total  
 
 
Finance Loans 
 Finance Loans 
Risk Assets 
Commitments 
Allowance 
 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2018 
30,427,993 
59,593,328 
1,501,887 
- 
91,523,208 
 
(Credit)/charge for the year 
(68,469) 
20,359,633 
1,258,541 
1,607,250 
23,156,955 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Amount written back 
(1,437,556) 
- 
- 
- 
(1,437,556) 
 
- 
Provisions 
1,369,087 
20,359,633 
1,258,541 
1,607,250 
24,594,511 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2018 
30,359,524 
79,952,961 
2,760,428 
1,607,250 
114,680,163 
 
 
========== 
========== 
========= 
========= 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2019 
30,359,524 
79,952,961 
2,760,428 
1,607,250 
114,680,163 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts written-off 
- 
(33,882,206) 
- 
- 
(33,882,206) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Income)/charge for the year 
10,298,449 
24,408,620 
5,416,406 
1,362,147 
41,485,622 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Amount written back 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
Provisions 
10,298,449 
24,408,620 
5,416,406 
1,362,147 
41,485,622 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
40,657,973 
70,479,375 
8,176,834 
2,969,397 
122,283,579 
 
 
========== 
========== 
========= 
========= 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
F-175

--- Page 340 ---
52 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
19. 
EQUITY INVESTMENTS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
(i) Equity participation 
Investment 
Investment 
Fair value 
Fair value 
  
  
Beginning  
Additions 
Total Ending 
Carrying Value 
Carrying Value 
adjustment 
adjustment 
  
  
Cost 
 at cost  
Cost 
at year End 
Previous Year 
 for day 1  
for the year 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
At fair value through other 
comprehensive income: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
African Export Import Bank 
 2,364,160  
 -   
2,364,160 
 7,431,000  
 6,589,000  
- 
842,000 
ZEP Reinsurance  
 31,938,654  
 -   
31,938,654 
 39,191,000  
 38,886,000  
- 
305,000 
Tononoka 
 628,653  
 -   
628,653 
 519,000  
 1,835,000  
- 
(1,316,000) 
Tanruss  
 1,755,000  
 -   
1,755,000 
 213,000  
 276,000  
- 
(63,000) 
Africa Trade Insurance Company 
 1,000,000  
 -   
1,000,000 
 939,000  
 1,015,000  
- 
(76,000) 
Gulf African Bank  
 1,978,734  
 -   
1,978,734 
 2,086,000  
 2,243,000  
- 
(157,000) 
Pan African Housing Fund 
 677,730  
 79,120  
756,850 
 756,850  
 677,730  
- 
- 
  
  
__________ 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
_________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
40,342,931 
79,120 
40,422,051 
51,135,850 
51,521,730 
- 
(465,000) 
 
 
========== 
======== 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========== 
========= 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
African Export Import Bank 
2,364,160 
- 
2,364,160 
6,589,000 
2,364,160 
4,224,840 
- 
 
ZEP Reinsurance  
31,938,654 
- 
31,938,654 
38,886,000 
31,938,654 
6,947,346 
- 
 
Tononoka 
628,653 
- 
628,653 
1,835,000 
628,653 
1,206,347 
- 
 
Tanruss  
1,755,000 
- 
1,755,000 
276,000 
1,755,000 
(1,691,000) 
212,000 
 
Africa Trade Insurance Company 
1,000,000 
- 
1,000,000 
1,015,000 
1,000,000 
(223,000) 
238,000 
 
Gulf African Bank  
1,978,734 
- 
1,978,734 
2,243,000 
1,978,734 
264,266 
- 
 
Pan African Housing Fund 
592,756 
84,974 
677,730 
677,730 
592,756 
- 
- 
  
  
__________ 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
40,257,957 
84,974 
40,342,931 
51,521,730 
40,257,957 
10,728,799 
450,000 
 
 
========== 
======== 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========= 
======== 
 
 
 
The Group’s main equity investments are in ZEP-RE (PTA Reinsurance Company), African Export-Import Bank, Tanruss, Africa Trade Insurance Agency and Gulf African 
Bank. In addition, the Group has subscribed to the equity of various projects in its Member States. The Group's participation is expressed in US Dollars. As at 31 December 
2019, all investments were carried at fair value as per provision of IFRS 9 adopted in January 2019.  In the previous years, these investments were carried at cost, except 
for Pan African Housing Fund which has always been carried at fair value The Group does not intend to dispose the shares in the short term, and none of the shares 
have been derecognized. The dividends received in respect of these investments are disclosed in note 8. 
 
 
 
 
 
F-176

--- Page 341 ---
53 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
 
                        GROUP AND BANK 
19. 
EQUITY INVESTMENTS (Continued)  
2019 
2018 
 
 
USD 
   USD 
 
 
 
 
 
ii) 
Instalments paid: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total subscribed capital* 
41,865,201 
41,865,201 
 
Less:  Instalments not due – Note 19 (iii) 
(1,443,150) 
(1,522,270) 
 
 
____________________ 
___________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Instalments paid as at end of year – Note 19 (i) and  (iv) 
40,422,051 
40,342,931 
 
 
========== 
========= 
 
*Total subscribed capital includes paid up capital and unpaid 
subscriptions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
iii)  Unpaid subscriptions expressed in US Dollars at year-end rates 
comprised:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
African Export-Import Bank* 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
 
Pan African Housing Fund* 
243,150 
322,270 
 
 
_________ 
_________ 
 
 
 
 
 
*Unpaid subscriptions are payable on call. 
1,443,150 
1,522,270 
 
 
========= 
========= 
 
iv) 
Movement in the instalments paid:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At beginning of year   
40,342,931 
40,257,957 
 
Net additions at cost – Note 19 (i) 
79,120 
84,974 
 
 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
At end of year 
40,422,051 
40,342,931 
 
 
========== 
========== 
 
20. 
INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURE  
 
 
 
 
 
The Bank has a 50% interest in Eastern and Southern African Infrastructure Fund (ESAIF). The joint venture was 
incorporated in 2016 and its principal place of business is Ebene, Mauritius. ESAIF is a vehicle that will raise and 
manage the Infrastructure Fund. The Bank’s voting rights in the joint venture is equal to its ownership interest. The 
Bank’s interest in the joint ventures is accounted for using the equity method in the financial statements. No quoted 
market price exists for the investment. ESAIF has a 31 December year end for reporting purposes. 
 
Summarised financial information of the joint venture is set out below: 
 
 
 
                                    GROUP AND BANK 
 
   
2019 
2018 
 
   
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets - cash and cash equivalents 
634,021 
773,988 
 
Non-current assets 
- 
- 
 
 
_______ 
_______ 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL ASSETS 
634,021 
773,988 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities  
 
- 
 
 
_______ 
_______ 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
634,021 
773,988 
 
 
======= 
======= 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank’s carrying amount of the investment 
317,010 
386,994 
 
 
======= 
======= 
 
 
F-177

--- Page 342 ---
54 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
20. 
INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURE (Continued) 
 
 
ESAIF is yet to start operations. The joint venture had no contingent liabilities or capital commitments at 31 
December 2019. ESAIF cannot distribute its profits without the consent from the venture partners. 
 
 
                    GROUP AND BANK 
 
2019 
   2018 
 
USD 
   USD 
Movement in joint venture: 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
386,994 
369,493 
Additional investment* 
- 
17,501 
 Reduction in investment** 
(69,984) 
 
 
________ 
________ 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
317,010 
386,994 
 
======== 
======== 
 
 
 
* The movement relates to additional investment in ESAIF. 
** The movement relates to classification of investment in Eastern and Southern African Trade Advisers 
Limited - ESATAL (See Note 20) to a subsidiary after TDB gained control over the entity. TDB’s share capital 
in ESATAL is USD 69,984. 
 
 
 
 
21 
INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARY  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Bank has a 50% plus 1 share interest in Eastern and Southern African Trade Advisers Limited (ESATAL). 
ESATAL was incorporated in 2015 as a joint venture between TDB and GML Capital, with each party controlling 
50% interest in the joint venture. In August 2019 ESATAL became a subsidiary of TDB after the Bank obtained 
control. The principal place of business of ESATAL is Ebene, Mauritius. ESATAL is an investment Manager for 
The East and Southern African Trade Fund – “ESATF”. ESATAL has a 31 December year end for reporting 
purposes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BANK 
 
 
No of Share 
Ordinary Share 
 
 
 
USD 
 
As at 31 December 2019: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total issued and fully paid 
139,967 
139,967 
 
 
======= 
======= 
 
 
 
 
 
TDB’s share -50% + 1 share 
69,984 
69,984 
 
 
======= 
======= 
 
 
 
 
 
The ordinary shares have the following rights: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i. 
One vote per share on all resolutions and matters falling to the determination and approval of 
shareholders under the Mauritius Companies Act 2001 and the Constitution 
 
ii. 
The right to an equal share of dividends as may be declared and paid by the company 
 
iii. 
The right to an equal share in the distribution of the surplus assets of the Company 
 
 
 
 
F-178

--- Page 343 ---
55 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
21 
INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARY (Continued) 
 
 
The relevant activities of subsidiary are determined by its Board of Directors based on simple majority votes 
where each director carries one vote. Therefore, the Directors of the Group concluded that the Group has 
control over ESATAL and the results are consolidated in these financial statements. 
 
Set out below is the summarised financial information for the subsidiary with non-controlling interest: 
 
 
              BANK 
 
 
2019 
   2018 
 
Summarised statement of financial position 
USD 
   USD 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets 
400,411 
141,877 
 
Total liabilities 
131,311 
97,530 
 
 
_______ 
_______ 
 
 
 
 
 
Net assets 
269,100 
44,347 
 
 
======= 
======= 
 
Non-controlling interest 
50% 
50% 
 
 
======= 
======= 
 
 
Summarised statement of profit and loss  
and other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit before taxation 
228,247 
(29,474) 
 
Taxation charge 
(3,494) 
- 
 
 
_______ 
_______ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
224,753 
(29,474) 
 
 
======= 
======= 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year is attributable to owners of the Bank 
112,376 
- 
 
Profit for the year is attributable to non-controlling interest 
112,377 
(29,474) 
 
 
_______ 
_______ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
224,753 
(29,474) 
 
 
======= 
======= 
 
 
Summarised statement of cash flows 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash from/(used in) operating activities 
183,312 
(40,045) 
 
Net cash from financing activities 
- 
60,000 
 
 
_______ 
_______ 
 
 
 
 
 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
183,312 
19,955 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
109,671 
89,716 
 
 
_______ 
_______ 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
292,983 
109,671 
 
 
======= 
======= 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-179

--- Page 344 ---
56 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
 
                      
22. 
INVESTMENTS IN GOVERNMENT SECURITIES  
                      
                     GROUP AND BANK        
 
2019 
2018 
 
USD 
   USD 
Held at amortised cost: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Treasury Notes and Treasury Bonds:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
At 1 January 
- 
57,275,058 
 
Additions: Treasury Bonds* 
44,897,636 
- 
 
Matured securities: Treasury Notes** 
- 
(57,275,058) 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
44,897,636 
- 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
*TDB participated in Zambian treasury bonds by investing in tenors of 2 years, 3 years and 5 years providing 
a yield to maturity of 26%, 29.5% and 33% respectively. The bonds are held as investments in Zambian 
Kwacha equivalent.  
 
**The treasury notes were issued by the Government of Malawi and held as investments in Malawi Kwacha 
equivalent. They matured in 2019, hence the nil balance as 31 December 2019. 
 
 
 
23. 
INVESTMENT IN TRADE FUND 
 
 
 
 
                 GROUP 
      BANK 
 
 
2019 
  2018 
2019 
  2018 
 
 
USD 
   USD 
USD 
   USD 
 
Investment in ESATF – at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
  
At 1 January 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Additions during the year 
49,997,089 
- 
49,996,989 
- 
 
 
________________ 
______________ 
________________ 
_______________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
49,997,089 
- 
49,996,989 
- 
 
 
=========== 
========== 
=========== 
========== 
 
Investment in trade fund comprises of equity investments in The East and Southern African Trade Fund – 
“ESATF”. The tenure of the investments is six months and therefore the cost of the investment 
approximates the fair value. 
 
 
 
F-180

--- Page 345 ---
57 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
24. 
OTHER RECEIVABLES  
2019 
  2018 
 
 
 
 
        GROUP 
BANK 
 
 
2019 
2018 
2019 
2018 
 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Down-sold assets* 
 70,000,000  
70,000,000 
 70,000,000  
70,000,000 
 
Prepayments and other receivables** 
48,797,741 
44,886,422 
48,690,413 
44,886,422 
 
Staff loans and advances*** 
1,047,994 
1,216,404 
1,047,994 
1,216,404 
 
Appraisal fees**** 
677,703 
1,033,204 
677,703 
1,033,204 
 
 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
120,523,438 
117,136,030 
120,416,110 
117,136,030 
 
 
========== 
=========== 
========== 
========== 
 
Appraisal fees receivable**** 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 
 1,033,204  
614,835 
 1,033,204  
614,835 
 
Accrued income 
 396,850  
5,198,448 
 396,850  
5,198,448 
 
Receipts 
(748,596) 
(1,553,954) 
(748,596) 
(1,553,954) 
 
Amounts written off (Note 11) 
(3,755) 
(3,226,125) 
(3,755) 
(3,226,125) 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
677,703 
1,033,204 
677,703 
1,033,204 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
========== 
========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts due within one year 
120,330,250 
116,834,370 
120,222,922 
116,834,370 
Amounts due after one year 
193,188 
301,660 
193,188 
301,660 
 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
120,523,438 
117,136,030 
120,416,110 
117,136,030 
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
======== 
 
 
*Down-sold assets represent loan assets sold to the Group’s counterparties on a non-funded basis. The 
amount will be settled within 6 months after year end. Down-selling receivable does not attract interest. 
 
 
 
**Prepayments and other receivables comprise mainly of insurance costs on the Group’s exposures and 
facility fees paid in relation to short term facilities extended to the Group by lenders. 
 
 
 
***Staff loans and advances are granted in accordance with the Staff Rules and Regulations approved by the 
Board of Directors. These staff loans and advances have various repayment terms ranging from 3 to 36 
months. 
 
 
 
****Appraisal fees are recognized as income receivable on approval of a facility to the borrower by the Group. 
 
F-181

--- Page 346 ---
58 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
25.       PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT – GROUP AND BANK  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Freehold 
land 
Leasehold  
land 
Building under 
construction 
Buildings 
Motor 
 vehicles 
Furniture  
and fittings  
Office 
equipment 
Total 
Year ended 31 December 2019: 
US
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2019 
140,400 
2,453,865 
1,067,139 
26,582,523 
725,269 
1,750,724 
2,177,164 
34,897,084 
Additions 
- 
- 
3,703,752 
15,492 
169,981 
120,584 
313,709 
4,323,518 
Disposals 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(30,585) 
(6,041) 
(13,364) 
(49,990) 
 
Reclassification (Note 26) 
 
(2,453,865) 
 
 
 
 
 
(2,453,865) 
 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
140,400 
- 
4,770,891 
26,598,015 
864,665 
1,865,267 
2,477,509 
36,716,747 
 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2019 
- 
76,419 
- 
7,749,159 
497,423 
998,888 
1,865,085 
11,186,974 
Charge for the year 
- 
- 
- 
501,231 
96,310 
148,185 
227,711 
973,437 
Disposals 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(30,585) 
(5,478) 
(14,245) 
(50,308) 
Reclassification 
 
(76,419) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(76,419) 
 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
 -   
 -  
 -   
 8,250,390  
 563,148  
 1,141,595  
 2,078,551  
12,033,684 
 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
NET CARRYING AMOUNT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
At 31 December 2019 
140,400 
- 
4,770,891 
18,347,625 
301,517 
723,672 
398,958 
24,683,063 
 
======== 
========= 
========= 
========== 
======== 
========= 
======== 
========== 
Leasehold Land: 
 
Leasehold land refers to land that the Group owns and holds on a 99-year leasehold title. This was transferred to right-of-use asset upon adoption of IFRS 16 Leases. 
 
Building Under Construction: 
 
The Group is in the process of constructing an office building. Professional costs comprising contractors and consultants’ fees have been incurred and in line with IAS 16, 
Property, Plant and Equipment, no depreciation has been charged on these costs until the building is ready for use. 
 
None of the assets have been pledged to secure borrowings of the Group. 
F-182

--- Page 347 ---
59 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
25.     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Freehold 
land 
Leasehold  
land 
Building under 
construction 
Buildings 
Motor 
 vehicles 
Furniture  
and fittings  
Office 
equipment 
Total 
Year ended 31 December 2018: 
US
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2018 
140,400 
2,453,865 
463,157 
22,699,181 
588,349 
1,551,287 
2,043,603 
29,939,842 
Additions 
- 
- 
603,982 
3,883,342 
136,920 
210,023 
145,302 
4,979,569 
Disposals 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(10,586) 
(11,741) 
(22,327) 
 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2018 
140,400 
2,453,865 
1,067,139 
26,582,523 
725,269 
1,750,724 
2,177,164 
34,897,084 
 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2018 
- 
51,636 
- 
7,319,065 
411,879 
880,198 
1,645,114 
10,307,892 
Charge for the year 
- 
24,783 
- 
430,094 
85,544 
127,335 
231,001 
898,757 
Disposals 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(8,645) 
(11,030) 
(19,675) 
 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2018 
- 
76,419 
- 
7,749,159 
497,423 
998,888 
1,865,085 
11,186,974 
 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
________ 
_________ 
_________ 
__________ 
NET CARRYING AMOUNT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
At 31 December 2018 
140,400 
2,377,446 
1,067,139 
18,833,364 
227,846 
751,836 
312,079 
23,710,110 
 
======== 
========= 
========= 
========== 
======== 
========= 
======== 
========== 
Leasehold Land: 
 
Leasehold land refers to land that the Group owns and holds on a 99-year leasehold title. Amortization is charged over the life of the lease. 
 
Building Under Construction: 
 
The Group is in the process of constructing an office building. Professional costs comprising contractors and consultants’ fees have been incurred and in line with IAS 16, 
Property, Plant and Equipment, no depreciation has been charged on these costs until the building is ready for use. 
 
None of the assets have been pledged to secure borrowings of the Group. 
 
F-183

--- Page 348 ---
60 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
26. 
RIGHT OF USE ASSET  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group leases office space for its use. Approximately half of the leases expired in 2019 and were replaced 
with new leases for the same underlying properties. This resulted in a right-of-use asset of USD 1,406,642 
(2018: nil). Information about the leases in which the Group is a lessee is presented below: 
 
 
 
 
                        GROUP AND BANK 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
USD 
USD 
 
COST 
 
 
 
At the beginning of the year 
- 
- 
 
Lease asset recognised 
1,924,330 
- 
 
Reclassification (Note 25)  
2,453,865 
- 
 
  
_____________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
At the end of the year 
4,378,195 
- 
 
  
_____________ 
___________ 
 
ACCUMULATED AMORTISATION 
 
 
 
At the beginning of the year 
- 
- 
 
Reclassification (Note 25) 
76,419 
 
 
Charge for the year 
389,764 
- 
 
  
_____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
At the end of the year 
466,183 
- 
 
 
_________ 
________ 
 
NET BOOK VALUE 
 
 
 
At the end of the year 
3,912,012 
- 
 
 
============ 
=========== 
 
Amounts recognized in profit and loss: 
 
 
 
Depreciation expense-right-of-use asset 
364,981 
- 
 
Interest Expense 
83,031 
- 
 
Expense relating to short term lease contracts 
60,405 
- 
 
 
_________ 
________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
508,417 
- 
 
 
============ 
=========== 
27. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COST 
 
 
 
At beginning of year 
 4,276,392  
3,338,765 
 
Additions 
737,437  
937,627 
 
Impairment 
(1,394,909) 
- 
 
  
_________ 
_________ 
 
 
 
 
 
At end of year 
3,618,920 
4,276,392 
 
  
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
AMORTISATION 
 
 
 
At beginning of year 
2,422,648 
2,000,735 
 
Charge for the year 
593,179 
421,913 
 
Impairment 
(1,394,909) 
- 
 
  
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
At end of year 
1,620,918 
2,422,648 
 
  
_________ 
_________ 
 
NET CARRYING AMOUNT 
 
 
 
At end of year 
1,998,002 
1,853,744 
 
 
============= 
============= 
 
Intangible assets relate to cost of acquired computer software. 
 
Computer software are amortised over their estimated useful lives, which is 5 years on average. 
F-184

--- Page 349 ---
61 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
28. 
COLLECTION ACCOUNT DEPOSITS 
                        GROUP AND BANK 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January  
 119,576,580  
127,796,131 
 
Increase 
 6,893,456  
43,519,141 
 
Reduction 
(30,647,425) 
(51,738,692) 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
95,822,611 
119,576,580 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
Collection account deposits represent deposits collected by the Group on behalf of the customers from 
proceeds of Group funded commodities to be applied on loan repayments as they fall due. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                              GROUP AND BANK 
29. 
LEASE LIABILITY  
2019 
2018 
 
 
USD 
   USD 
 
Undiscounted future minimum lease payment under 
 
 
 
 operating lease at 1 January 
139,393 
- 
 
Impact of discounting 
(3,927) 
- 
 
Leases not yet commenced at 1 January 
1,887,220 
- 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
2,022,686 
- 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
The movement in the lease liabilities is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
2,022,686 
- 
 
Payment of lease liabilities 
(585,250) 
- 
 
Interest on lease liabilities 
83,031 
- 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1,520,467 
- 
 
At 31 December 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity Analysis of undiscounted cash flows 
 
 
 
Year 1 
558,110 
- 
 
Year 2 
619,586 
- 
 
Year 3 
477,678 
- 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total discounted lease liabilities 
1,655,374 
- 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
30. 
SHORT TERM BORROWINGS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSITS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lender 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
African Trade Insurance Agency 
1,680,450 
1,243,996 
 
 
========== 
=========== 
 
Certificates of deposits relate to borrowings that are payable within one year. 
F-185

--- Page 350 ---
62 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
30. 
SHORT TERM BORROWINGS (Continued) 
 
(b) 
OTHER SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS 
 
 
Date of 
  
  
                GROUP AND BANK 
 
renewal/ 
Maturity 
  
2019 
2018 
 
advance 
Date 
Currency 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Syndicated Loan- Middle First Abu Dhabi 
Bank PJSC  
Dec-19 
Dec-22 
USD 
 451,471,994  
 329,301,555  
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
Apr-19 
Apr-20 
USD 
 50,000,000  
- 
Standard Bank Isle of Man 
Dec-19 
Nov-20 
EUR 
 56,015,000  
- 
Syndicated  Loan - Citibank 
Oct-18 
Oct-21 
USD 
 460,000,000  
 460,000,000  
Syndicated  Loan - Asia (I) 
Jun-19 
Jun-22 
USD 
 400,000,000  
 340,000,000  
The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd 
Jun-19 
Jun-21 
USD 
 150,000,000  
 75,000,000  
Samurai Syndication 
Dec-18 
Dec-21 
USD 
 146,763,016  
 146,220,401  
Syndicated  Loan - Asia (II) 
Dec-17 
Dec-20 
USD 
 237,000,000  
 237,000,000  
Mashreq Bank 
Dec-19 
Dec-20 
USD 
 100,000,000  
 100,000,000  
Citibank 
Sep-19 
Apr-20 
USD 
 79,511,339  
 29,952,505  
Mizuho Bank London 
Dec-18 
Nov-20 
USD 
 75,000,000  
 75,000,000  
Nedbank 
Dec-18 
Nov-21 
USD 
 50,000,000  
 60,912,877  
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Euro 
Dec-19 
Dec-20 
USD 
 50,000,000  
 58,931,935  
KfW 
Dec-19 
Dec-20 
USD 
 46,500,000  
 40,000,000  
Africa 50 Financement de Projets 
Oct-19 
Mar-20 
USD 
 31,446,755  
 39,761,916  
NORFUND 
Dec-19 
Jun-20 
USD 
 30,000,000  
 -   
Bank One Ltd 
Dec-19 
Mar-20 
EUR 
 22,406,000  
 22,871,000  
Standard Chartered Bank London 
Jul-19 
Jun-20 
USD 
 14,149,861  
 193,806,513  
BHF BANK 
Oct-19 
Mar-20 
USD 
 8,233,539  
 2,140,494  
African Trade Insurance Agency 
Jan-19 
Sep-20 
USD 
 4,242,949  
 3,677,350  
Cargill Kenya Limited 
Dec-17 
Dec-19 
USD 
 -   
 148,247,850  
Standard Bank South Africa 
Sep-18 
Jan-19 
USD 
 -   
 5,141,589  
ABSA Bank 
Oct-18 
Apr-19 
USD 
 -   
 4,632,718  
Commerzbank Frankfurt am Main 
Jul-18 
Jan-19 
USD 
 -   
 307,260  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sub-total for other short-term borrowings 
  
2,462,740,453 
2,372,905,964 
  
  
 
INTEREST PAYABLE 
  
  
  
827,094 
9,103,641 
 
Certificate of Deposits (Note 30a) 
1,680,450 
1,243,996 
  
  
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS  
2,465,247,997 
2,383,253,601 
 
 
 
 
============= 
============= 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings are classified as short term or long term on the basis of the book of business that the Group funds i.e, Trade or 
Project loans, and not on the basis of contractual maturity of the liability 
  
F-186

--- Page 351 ---
63 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
 
 
 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                        31 December 2019 
                              31 December 2018 
 
  
 
Amount 
Amount due 
Amount due 
Amount due 
Date of 
  
 
Balance 
due within 
after one 
Balance 
within one 
after one 
Renewal/ 
Maturity 
 
Amount in 
outstanding 
one year 
year 
outstanding 
year 
Year 
Lender 
disbursement 
Date 
Currency 
Currency 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
African Development Bank 
Nov-08 
Feb-29 
USD 
207,500,000 
207,500,000 
18,750,000 
188,750,000 
158,746,264 
11,250,000 
147,496,264 
Africa Agriculture and Trade Investment Fund 
Sep-12 
Sep-19 
USD 
- 
- 
- 
- 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
- 
China Development Bank 
Dec-08 
Dec-19 
USD 
- 
- 
- 
- 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
- 
KBC Bank 
Various 
Various 
USD 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,144,827 
2,515,862 
628,965 
Exim Bank of India Loan 
Various 
Various 
USD 
- 
- 
- 
- 
7,850 
7,850 
- 
US$ 1.0 Billion Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme: Second Tranche 
May-19 
Mar-24 
USD 
750,000,000 
750,000,000 
 
750,000,000 
700,000,000 
- 
700,000,000 
US$ 1.0 Billion Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme: Third Tranche 
 
Dec-13 
 
Mar-22 
 
USD 
700,000,000 
700,000,000 
- 
700,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
Development Bank of Southern Africa 
Mar-07 
Jun-23 
USD 
14,062,500 
14,062,500 
9,375,000 
4,687,500 
23,437,500 
9,375,000 
14,062,500 
OPEC Fund for International Development 
Mar-19 
Aug-23 
USD 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
2,925,278 
17,074,722 
 
 
 
Private Export Funding Corporation 
Aug-11 
Oct-21 
USD 
11,155,339 
11,155,339 
5,949,514 
5,205,825 
17,104,853 
5,949,514 
11,155,339 
KfW 
Dec-13 
Dec-31 
USD 
151,428,572 
151,428,572 
5,714,286 
145,714,286 
107,142,857 
5,714,286 
101,428,571 
KFW IPEX 
Sep-16 
Dec-28 
USD 
109,747,199 
109,747,199 
13,364,622 
96,382,577 
123,111,820 
13,364,622 
109,747,198 
European Investment Bank 
Aug-16 
Sep-26 
USD 
82,239,046 
82,239,046 
11,749,333 
70,489,713 
88,120,000 
5,874,667 
82,245,333 
CDC Group 
Oct-16 
Dec-25 
USD 
72,727,273 
72,727,273 
16,267,380 
56,459,893 
81,818,182 
14,889,746 
66,928,436 
Standard Chartered Bank / USAID 
Sep-17 
Mar-24 
USD 
21,157,142 
21,157,142 
4,227,906 
16,929,236 
13,478,240 
2,449,520 
11,028,720 
Japan Bank for International Corporation (JBIC) 
Jul-17 
Feb-24 
USD 
29,204,255 
29,204,255 
6,696,563 
22,507,692 
20,306,413 
7,365,175 
12,941,238 
AFD -Agence Francaise De Development 
Dec-17 
Mar-32 
USD 
57,000,000 
57,000,000 
3,125,000 
53,875,000 
57,000,000 
57,000,000 
The Exim -Import Bank of China 
Dec-17 
Dec-23 
USD 
250,000,001 
250,000,001 
- 
250,000,001 
250,000,001 
25,274,725 
224,725,276 
Tanzania local currency fixed rate bond 
Jun-15 
May-20 
TZS 
2,242,404,954 
982,821 
982,821 
- 
2,351,638 
1,369,446 
982,192 
Tanzania local currency floating rate bond 
Jun-15 
May-20 
TZS 
2,240,669,845 
980,815 
980,815 
- 
2,350,022 
1,369,446 
980,576 
IDC – Industrial Development Corporation 
Mar-18 
Dec-27 
USD 
87,156,493 
87,156,493 
13,408,691 
73,747,802 
100,565,184 
11,173,909 
89,391,275 
BADEA 
Feb-18 
Sep-27 
USD 
14,999,940 
14,999,940 
1,250,000 
13,749,940 
5,001,933 
- 
5,001,933 
Oldenburgische Landesbank AG 
Various 
Feb-20 
USD 
628,965 
628,965 
628,965 
- 
- 
- 
- 
African Economic Research Consortium 
Nov-19 
Nov-26 
USD 
2,993,975 
2,993,975 
- 
2,993,975 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
____________ ____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sub-total for long term borrowings 
 
 
 
2,583,964,336 
115,396,174 
2,468,568,162 
1,783,687,584 
147,943,768 
1,635,743,816 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest payable 
 
 
28,520,393 
28,520,393 
- 
25,024,959 
25,024,959 
- 
 
 
 
____________ ____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
  
 
2,612,484,729 
143,916,567 
2,468,568,162 
1,808,712,543 
172,968,727 
1,635,743,816 
 
 
 
 
Deferred Expenditure 
 
(20,955,831) 
(8,677,535) 
(12,278,296) 
(26,682,475) 
(26,682,475) 
- 
 
____________ ____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total long-term borrowings 
 
2,591,528,898 
135,239,032 
2,456,289,866 
1,782,030,068 
146,286,252 
1,635,743,816 
 
 
 
 
 
============ 
=========== 
============= 
============ 
=========== 
============= 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group repays these borrowings in either quarterly or semi-annual instalments. The Group has not given any security for the borrowings. It has not defaulted on any of them. 
Borrowings are classified as short term or long term on the basis of the book of business that the Group funds  i.e, Trade or Project loans, and not  on the basis of contractual maturity of the  liability. 
31. 
LONG TERM BORROWINGS 
      GROUP AND BANK 
      GROUP AND BANK 
F-187

--- Page 352 ---
64 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
 
              GROUP 
              BANK 
32. 
OTHER PAYABLES 
2019 
2018 
2019 
2018 
 
 
USD 
   USD 
USD 
   USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accrued expenses 
4,197,989 
9,374,066 
4,197,989 
9,374,066 
 
Accrued fees-Trade Finance 
401,256 
850,382 
401,256 
850,382 
 
Provident fund* 
7,492,768 
1,243,471 
7,492,768 
1,243,471 
 
Other creditors** 
102,089,407 
54,008,954 
101,961,590 
54,008,954 
 
Accrued reward & recognition 
5,552,242 
4,971,407 
5,552,242 
4,971,407 
 
Accrued fees-Project Finance 
24,478 
1,370 
24,478 
1,370 
 
Rental deposit 
51,622 
51,622 
51,622 
51,622 
 
Dividends payable (Note 34) 
11,475,872 
2,357,693 
11,475,872 
2,357,693 
 
Accrued Long Term Incentive Scheme 
 4,939,849  
- 
 4,939,849  
- 
 
Accrued Syndication fees  
 2,507,304  
- 
 2,507,304  
- 
 
 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
138,732,787 
72,858,965 
138,604,970 
72,858,965 
 
 
========== 
========== 
========== 
========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Analysis of other payables by maturity: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts due within one year 
 
134,555,523 
65,535,685 
134,427,706 
65,535,685 
 
Amounts due after one year 
 
4,177,264 
7,323,280 
4,177,264 
7,323,280 
 
 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
138,732,787 
72,858,965 
138,604,970 
72,858,965 
 
 
========== 
========== 
========== 
========== 
 
*Provident fund relates to the Group’s contribution to the fund that is payable. 
**Other creditors mainly relate to cash cover deposits by clients. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
33. 
PROVISION FOR SERVICE AND LEAVE PAY  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
PROVISION FOR SERVICE PAY 
 
 
                  GROUP AND BANK 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At beginning of year 
 
 
6,040,190 
5,081,470 
 
Increase in provision  
 
 
1,099,333 
1,155,218 
 
Payment of service pay 
 
 
(539,372) 
(196,497) 
 
 
 
 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At end of year 
 
 
6,600,151 
6,040,191 
 
 
 
 
__________ 
__________ 
 
(ii) PROVISION FOR LEAVE PAY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At beginning of year 
 
 
1,788,449 
1,477,218 
 
Increase in provision  
 
 
257,172 
402,898 
 
Payment of leave pay 
 
 
(94,262) 
(91,667) 
 
 
 
 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At end of year 
 
 
1,951,359 
1,788,449 
 
 
 
 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL PROVISION FOR SERVICE 
AND LEAVE PAY 
 
 
8,551,510 
7,828,640 
 
 
 
 
========== 
========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Employees' entitlements to annual leave and service pay are recognized when they accrue to employees.
F-188

--- Page 353 ---
65 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
 
 
 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
  
 
 
 
34. 
SHARE CAPITAL  
 
 
GROUP AND BANK 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
CLASS 'A'  
SHARES 
CLASS 'B' 
SHARES 
TOTAL 
CLASS 'A' 
SHARES 
CLASS 'B' 
SHARES 
 
TOTAL 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
Authorised capital: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 88,234 Class 'A' ordinary shares of USD 
22,667 each 
2,000,000,000 
- 
2,000,000,000 
2,000,000,000 
- 
2,000,000,000 
- 220,584 Class 'B' ordinary shares of USD 
4,533.42 each 
- 
1,000,000,000 
1,000,000,000 
- 
1,000,000,000 
1,000,000,000 
Less:  Unsubscribed 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Class ‘A’ 
(57,755,436) 
- 
(57,755,436) 
(166,443,703) 
- 
(166,443,703) 
-    Class ‘B’ 
- 
(872,565,554) 
(872,565,554) 
- 
(895,282,523) 
(895,282,523) 
 
________________ 
________________ 
________________ 
________________ 
_______________ 
________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subscribed capital: 
 
 
 
- 85,686 Class 'A' (2018: 80,891) ordinary 
shares of USD 22,667 each 
1,942,244,564 
- 
1,942,244,564 
1,833,556,297 
- 
1,833,556,297 
- 28,110 Class 'B' (2018: 23,099) ordinary 
shares of USD 4,533.40 each 
- 
127,434,446 
127,434,446 
- 
104,717,477 
104,717,477 
Less:  Callable capital 
(1,553,795,650) 
- 
(1,553,795,650) 
(1,466,845,038) 
- 
(1,466,845,038) 
 
________________ 
________________ 
________________ 
________________ 
_______________ 
________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Payable capital 
388,448,914 
 127,434,446  
 515,883,360  
366,711,259 
104,717,477 
471,428,736 
Less:  Amounts not yet due 
(15,597,120) 
 
 (15,597,120) 
(6,404,787) 
- 
(6,404,787) 
 
________________ 
________________ 
________________ 
________________ 
_______________ 
________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital due 
372,851,794 
127,434,446 
 500,286,240  
360,306,472 
104,717,477 
465,023,949 
Less: subscriptions in arrears 
(1,178,768) 
 
 (1,178,768) 
(3,281,391) 
- 
(3,281,391) 
 
________________ 
________________ 
________________ 
________________ 
_______________ 
________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Paid up capital 
371,673,026 
127,434,446 
 499,107,472  
357,025,081 
104,717,477 
461,742,558 
 
============== 
============ 
============== 
============ 
============ 
============= 
 
 
 
F-189

--- Page 354 ---
66 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
34. 
SHARE CAPITAL (Continued) 
 
 
GROUP AND BANK 
 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
 
CLASS 'A' SHARES 
CLASS 'B' SHARES 
TOTAL 
CLASS 'A' SHARES 
CLASS 'B' SHARES 
TOTAL 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
Movement in paid up share capital  
 
 
 
 
 
 
At beginning of year 
357,025,081 
104,717,477 
461,742,558 
333,838,490 
97,386,936 
431,225,426 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
_________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   African Economic Research Consortium 
 -   
793,349 
 793,349  
 
 
 
   African Development Bank 
 485,074  
 10,880,209  
 11,365,283  
1,128,817 
- 
1,128,817 
   BADEA – Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa 
 -   
 -   
 -    
- 
4,352,084 
4,352,084 
   Investment Fund for Developing Countries 
 -   
 7,910,819  
 7,910,819  
 
 
 
   National Social Security Fund- Uganda 
 -   
 367,207  
 367,207  
- 
389,875 
389,875 
   Sacos Group Limited 
 -   
  13,600 
   13,600 
 
 
 
   Rwanda Social Security Board 
 -   
1,967,504 
1,967,504 
- 
376,274 
376,274 
   TDB Staff Provident Fund 
 -   
693,613 
693,613 
- 
2,030,972 
2,030,972 
   TDB Directors & Select Stakeholders Provident Fund 
 -   
90,668 
90,668 
- 
181,336 
181,336 
   Belarus 
 122,402  
 -   
 122,402  
1,222,205 
- 
1,222,205 
   Burundi 
 199,470  
 -   
 199,470  
462,407 
- 
462,407 
   China 
 553,075  
 -   
 553,075  
1,282,952 
- 
1,282,952 
   Comoros 
 22,667  
 -   
 22,667  
40,801 
- 
40,801 
   Congo DRC 
 680,010  
 -   
 680,010  
3,540,695 
- 
3,540,695 
   Djibouti 
45,334    
 -   
45,334    
108,802 
- 
108,802 
   Egypt 
 870,413  
 -   
 870,413  
2,012,830 
- 
2,012,830 
   Eritrea 
 49,431  
 -   
 49,431  
45,216 
- 
45,216 
   Eswatini 
414,353 
 -   
414,353 
409,820 
- 
409,820 
   Ethiopia 
 1,870,481  
 -   
 1,870,481  
2,012,830 
- 
2,012,830 
   Kenya 
 9,067  
 -   
 9,067  
2,012,830 
- 
2,012,830 
   Madagascar 
 405,286  
 -   
 405,286  
400,753 
- 
400,753 
   Malawi 
213,070   
 -   
213,070    
498,674 
- 
498,674 
   Mauritius 
 408,006  
 -   
 408,006  
952,014 
- 
952,014 
   Mozambique 
 4,120,449  
 -   
 4,120,449  
145,069 
- 
145,069 
   Rwanda 
 2,244,740  
 -   
 2,244,740  
539,475 
- 
539,475 
   Seychelles 
 45,334  
 -   
 45,334  
99,735 
- 
99,735 
   Somalia 
 65,496  
 -   
 65,496  
59,912 
- 
59,912 
   South Sudan 
 276,537  
 -   
 276,537  
13,600 
- 
13,600 
   Tanzania 
99,735 
 -   
99,735  
1,944,829 
- 
1,944,829 
   Uganda 
699,504 
 -   
699,504 
2,520,571 
- 
2,520,571 
   Zambia 
748,011 
 -   
748,011 
1,731,754 
- 
1,731,754 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
_________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14,647,945 
22,716,969 
37,364,914 
23,186,591 
7,330,541 
30,517,132 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
_________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 371,673,026 
 127,434,446 
 499,107,472  
357,025,081 
104,717,477 
461,742,558 
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========== 
=========== 
Payable capital is one fifth of the subscribed capital to Class ‘A’ shares. The remaining four fifths of the subscribed capital constitutes callable capital. The Group’s Board of Governors may, on the recommendation of the Board of 
Directors, make a call only when the amount thereof is required to repay existing borrowings or to meet guaranteed commitments. Note 44 contains the status of subscriptions to the capital stock by member countries. 
F-190

--- Page 355 ---
67 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
 
 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
34. 
SHARE CAPITAL (Continued) 
 
GROUP AND BANK 
Number of 
shares 
Share 
 value 
Price  
paid 
Share  
premium 
Share Premium – Class B: 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
As at 31 December 2019: 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2019 
23,099 
104,717,477 
165,218,088 
60,500,611 
Additions during the year 
 5,011  
 22,716,969  
 53,925,406  
 31,208,437  
_______ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
 28,110  
 127,434,446  
 219,143,494  
 91,709,048  
 
_______ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
Share Premium – Class A: 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019: 
 
 
 
 
At1 January 2019 
80,891 
- 
- 
- 
Additions -Without Share Premium 
 3,329 
- 
- 
- 
Additions -With Share Premium 
1,466  
 16,804,755 
6,645,964  
 10,158,791  
 
_______ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 85,686  
 16,804,755 
6,645,964  
 10,158,791  
 
_______ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
113,796 
144,239,201 
225,789,458 
101,867,839 
 
======= 
========== 
========== 
========== 
 
Share Premium – Class B: 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018: 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2018: 
21,482 
97,386,936 
150,355,414 
52,968,478 
Additions during the year 
1,617 
7,330,541 
14,862,674 
7,532,133 
 
_______ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018: 
23,099 
104,717,477 
165,218,088 
60,500,611 
 
======= 
========== 
========== 
========= 
Class A and B shares 
As at 31 December 2019, there were 85,686 ‘A’ ordinary shares (2018: 80,891) and 28,110 Class ‘B’ ordinary shares 
(2018: 23,099).  Class ‘A’ shares have a par value of USD 22,667 each (comprising 80% callable and 20% payable) 
and were issued only to Members, while Class ‘B’ shares have a par value of USD 4,533.40 each and are issued both 
to Members and other institutional investors.   All ordinary shares have a right to receive dividends in the 
proportion of the number of shares held by each member, as and when declared by the Board of Governors.  
 
Nature and purpose of the share premium  
Class ‘B’ shares are issued at a premium of USD 7,679.81 (2018: USD 6,929.60) that is determined after a valuation 
of the Group’s shares. The share premium is used to finance the operations of the Group. The share premium for 
class A shares was introduced in 2019 hence nil balance in 2018. 
 
2019 
2018 
Dividends on ordinary shares declared and paid: 
USD 
USD 
Final dividend for 2018: USD 315.93 per share (2017: 308.67 per share) 
 
-Declared and paid 
20,208,849 
25,049,089 
-Declared and not paid/payable 
11,475,872 
2,357,693 
 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
31,684,721 
27,406,782 
 
========== 
========== 
Proposed dividends on ordinary shares: 
 
 
Dividend for 2019: USD 342.01 per share (2018: USD 315.93 per share) 
36,313,155 
31,684,721 
 
========== 
========== 
 
Proposed dividends on ordinary shares are subject to approval at the annual general meeting and are not 
recognized as a liability as at 31 December. 
 
F-191

--- Page 356 ---
68 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
 
 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
35. 
MANAGEMENT RESERVE  
 
The management reserve is used to record appropriations from retained earnings to cushion the Group against 
future credit risk and other incidents of significant loss. Amounts recorded in management reserves cannot be 
reclassified to profit or loss and the transfers into and out of this management reserve are approved by the Board 
of Directors. 
 
36. 
NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 
GROUP AND 
 
 
GROUP 
BANK 
 BANK 
 
 
2019 
2019 
2018 
 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a)  Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash 
generated from/(used in) operations: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
151,533,059 
151,304,813 
129,325,392 
 
Adjustments: 
 
 
 
 
Depreciation on property and equipment (Note 25) 
973,437 
973,437 
898,757 
 
Depreciation of right of use asset (Note 26) 
389,764 
389,764 
- 
 
Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 27) 
593,179 
593,179 
421,913 
 
(Gain)/loss from disposal of property and equipment 
(318) 
(318) 
2,652 
 
Gain in foreign exchange 
(5,178,281) 
(5,178,281) 
(16,301,220) 
 
Interest received 
(276,163,851) 
(276,163,851) 
(271,215,413) 
 
Interest paid 
212,690,235 
212,690,235 
182,199,807 
 
Management reserve 
- 
- 
19,842,913 
 
Provision for impairment 
41,485,622 
41,485,622 
23,156,955 
 
Increase in provision for service and leave pay 
89,236 
89,236 
981,788 
 
Impairment of off-balance sheet items 
(6,778,553) 
(6,778,553) 
(2,865,791) 
 
Interest on lease liability 
83,031 
83,031 
- 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit before changes in operating assets and liabilities 
119,716,560 
119,488,314 
66,447,753 
 
 
Working capital changes 
 
 
 
Increase in other receivables 
(3,355,301) 
(3,280,080) 
(10,658,542) 
Decrease/(Increase) in hedging derivative 
instruments-Assets 
13,993,599 
13,993,599 
(54,042,940) 
 
Decrease in hedging derivative instruments-Liabilities 
- 
- 
(4,797,549) 
Increase in trade finance loans 
(156,130,658) 
(156,130,658) 
(182,556,237) 
Increase in project loans 
(687,077,238) 
(687,077,238) 
(194,370,177) 
Decrease in collection accounts deposits 
(23,753,969) 
(23,753,969) 
(8,219,550) 
Increase/(decrease) in other payables 
51,054,792 
54,270,135 
(11,157,197) 
 
Provision for service and leave pay paid 
633,634 
633,634 
288,164 
 
Interest received 
276,163,851 
276,163,851 
271,215,413 
 
Interest paid 
(212,690,235) 
(212,690,235) 
(182,199,807) 
Net increase in borrowings (Note 36 (b)) 
891,493,226 
891,493,226 
142,431,837 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash generated from/(used in) operations  
273,403,562 
273,110,579 
(167,618,832) 
 
 
============ 
============ 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
F-192

--- Page 357 ---
69 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
36. 
NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 
(b)     Analysis of changes in borrowings 
                 GROUP AND BANK 
 
 
2019 
2018 
USD 
USD 
  
Short term borrowings: 
 
  
At beginning of year 
2,383,253,601 
2,314,562,284 
  
Loans received 
 2,609,097,356  
2,634,377,484 
  
Repayments 
(2,527,102,960) 
(2,565,686,167) 
  
  
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
  
At end of year 
2,465,247,997 
2,383,253,601 
 
 
============= 
============= 
  
Long term borrowings: 
 
  
At beginning of year 
1,782,030,068 
1,708,289,548 
  
Loans received 
1,055,979,537 
547,625,476 
  
Repayments 
(246,480,707) 
(473,884,956) 
 
 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
  
At end of year 
2,591,528,898 
1,782,030,068 
 
 
============= 
============= 
Total borrowings: 
 
At beginning of year 
4,165,283,669 
4,022,851,832 
Loans received 
3,665,076,893 
3,182,002,960 
Repayments 
(2,773,583,667) 
(3,039,571,123) 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
At end of year 
5,056,776,895 
4,165,283,669 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
Increase in total borrowings (Note 36(a)) 
891,493,226 
142,431,837 
 
 
============= 
============= 
 
For purposes of the Statement of Cash Flows, borrowings received for on-lending are treated as normal 
operations of the Group and, therefore, are classified as cash generated from operations. 
 
 
(c)     Analysis of cash and cash equivalents 
 
GROUP 
 
       BANK 
 
 
2019 
2018 
2019 
2018 
 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with other banks - 
Note 14 
1,382,403,564 
1,145,918,378 
1,382,110,581 
1,145,918,378 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
F-193

--- Page 358 ---
70 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
36. 
NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 
(d)     Facilities available for lending 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 the following facilities were available to the Group for lending: 
 
              GROUP AND BANK 
SHORT-TERM FACILITIES 
Facilities 
available 
Facilities 
utilised 
Facilities 
unutilised 
LENDER 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
Syndicated  Loan - Global 
  460,000,000  
  460,000,000                   -    
Syndicated Loan- Middle East 
  451,471,994  
  451,471,994                   -    
Syndicated  Loan - Asia (I) 
  400,000,000  
  400,000,000                   -    
Syndicated  Loan - Asia (II) 
  237,000,000  
  237,000,000                   -    
AFREXIM 
  168,045,000  
                 -     168,045,000  
Standard Chartered Bank London 
  150,000,000  
    43,369,843    106,630,157  
The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd 
  150,000,000  
  150,000,000                   -    
Samurai Syndication 
  146,763,016  
  146,763,016                   -    
ING Bank 
  136,762,266  
  136,762,266                   -    
Citibank 
  120,000,000  
  106,642,507      13,357,493  
Mashreq Bank 
  100,000,000  
  100,000,000                   -    
Societe Generale 
    95,000,000  
                 -       95,000,000  
Mauritius Commercial Bank 
    90,000,000  
                 -       90,000,000  
Standard Bank South Africa 
    90,000,000  
                 -       90,000,000  
Mizuho Bank London 
    89,913,143  
    89,913,143                   -    
Commercial Bank of Africa 
    80,000,000  
                 -       80,000,000  
BNP Paribas Group 
    75,000,000  
                 -       75,000,000  
Deutsche Bank 
    60,000,000  
                 -       60,000,000  
Standard Bank Isle of Man 
    56,015,000  
    56,015,000    
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC  
    50,000,000  
    50,000,000    
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 
    50,000,000  
    50,000,000                   -    
Rand Merchant Bank 
    50,000,000  
                 -       50,000,000  
Nedbank 
    50,000,000  
    50,000,000                   -    
KfW IPEX 
    46,500,000  
    46,500,000                   -    
BHF Bank 
    33,609,000  
     8,422,990      25,186,010  
Africa 50 Financement de Projets 
    31,446,755  
    31,446,755                   -    
Natixis 
    30,000,000  
                 -       30,000,000  
NORFUND 
    30,000,000  
    30,000,000                   -    
KBC Bank 
    28,007,500  
                 -       28,007,500  
Bank One 
    22,406,000  
    22,406,000                   -    
Barclays/Absa Bank 
    20,000,000  
     8,249,457      11,750,543  
DZ Bank 
    15,158,226  
                 -       15,158,226  
Banque de Commerce de placement 
     9,686,500  
                 -        9,686,500  
African Trade Insurance Agency 
     5,923,399  
     5,923,399                   -    
_____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL 
3,628,707,799 
2,680,886,370 
947,821,429 
 
============= 
============ 
============ 
 
F-194

--- Page 359 ---
71 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
36. NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 
(d) 
Facilities available for lending (Continued) 
 
 
 
                  GROUP AND BANK 
 
Facilities 
Facilities 
Facilities 
 
available 
utilised 
unutilised 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
LONG TERM FACILITIES 
 
 
 
LENDER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eurobond 
 1,450,000,000  
 1,450,000,000  
 -   
Japan Bank for International Corporation  
 430,000,000  
 7,275,000  
 422,725,000  
African Development Bank 
 330,000,000  
 330,000,000  
 -   
Export Import Bank of China 
 250,000,000  
 250,000,000  
 -   
European Investment Bank  
 208,120,000  
 88,120,000  
 120,000,000  
KfW 
 160,000,000  
 160,000,000  
 -   
KfW- Ipex 
 133,135,287  
 133,135,287  
 -   
Industrial Development Corporation 
 100,565,184  
 100,565,184  
 -   
Exim Bank India  
 100,000,000  
 75,000,000  
 25,000,000  
CDC Group 
 100,000,000  
 100,000,000  
 -   
Development Bank of South Africa 
 95,000,000  
 95,000,000  
 -   
Agence Francaise De Development 
 75,000,000  
 57,000,000  
 18,000,000  
Development Bank of the Republic of Belarus  
 72,000,000  
 -   
 72,000,000  
Private Export Funding Corporation  
 60,000,000  
 60,000,000  
 -   
OPEC Fund for International Development 
 60,000,000  
 20,000,000  
 40,000,000  
Finnish Export Credit -Sumitomo Mitsui Banking 
Corporation  
 56,811,725  
 28,679,449  
 28,132,276  
Oldenburgische Landesbank AG 
 51,403,510  
 36,854,139  
 14,549,371  
Standard Chartered Bank / USAID 
 50,000,000  
 25,703,000  
 24,297,000  
Tanzania Shillings Local Currency Bond 
 16,506,555  
 16,506,555  
 -   
Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa 
 15,000,000  
 15,000,000  
 -   
African Economic Research Consortium 
 2,993,975  
 2,993,975  
 -   
Exim Bank USA 
      No limit 
- 
- 
_____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL 
3,816,536,236 
3,051,832,589 
764,703,647 
 
============= 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL FACILITIES: 31 December 2019 
 7,445,244,035  
 5,732,718,959 
 1,712,525,076  
 
============= 
============ 
============ 
 
Note: 
 
Facilities utilised include outstanding letters of credit amounting to USD 346,981,327 (2018: 
USD161,393,239) as disclosed in note 39(b). 
 
 
 
F-195

--- Page 360 ---
72 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
36. NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 
(d) 
Facilities available for lending (Continued) 
 
As at 31 December 2018 the following facilities were available to the Group for lending: 
 
              GROUP AND BANK 
SHORT-TERM FACILITIES 
Facilities 
available 
Facilities 
utilised 
Facilities 
unutilised 
LENDER 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
Asian Syndicated Loan 1 
340,000,000 
340,000,000 
- 
Middle East Syndication 2018 (First Abu Dhabi 
Bank PJSC ) 
329,301,555 
329,301,555 
- 
Cargill Kenya 
148,247,850 
148,247,850 
- 
African Trade Insurance Agency 
4,921,346 
4,921,346 
- 
BHF Bank 
34,306,500 
4,972,880 
29,333,620 
AFREXIM 
171,532,500 
- 
171,532,500 
NIC Bank 
40,000,000 
- 
40,000,000 
Natixis 
30,000,000 
- 
30,000,000 
ING Bank 
102,919,500 
- 
102,919,500 
KBC Bank 
28,588,750 
- 
28,588,750 
DZ Bank 
15,158,226 
- 
15,158,226 
Standard Chartered Bank  
330,000,000 
221,419,972 
108,580,028 
Asian Syndication 11, 2018 (Standard Chartered 
Bank) 
237,000,000 
237,000,000 
- 
BNP Paribas Group 
75,000,000 
- 
75,000,000 
Mauritius Commercial Bank 
90,000,000 
- 
90,000,000 
Standard Bank South Africa 
90,000,000 
5,141,589 
84,858,411 
Deutsche Bank 
60,000,000 
- 
60,000,000 
Commercial Bank of Africa 
80,000,000 
- 
80,000,000 
Mizuho 
80,000,000 
75,000,000 
5,000,000 
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 
220,000,000 
73,665,000 
146,335,000 
Rand Merchant Bank 
50,000,000 
- 
50,000,000 
Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi 
221,220,401 
221,220,401 
- 
Banque de Commerce de placement 
9,865,500 
- 
9,865,500 
State Bank of Mauritius 
25,000,000 
- 
25,000,000 
Mashreqbank 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
- 
FimBank 
28,588,750 
- 
28,588,750 
FBN Bank London 
5,000,000 
- 
5,000,000 
Societe Generale 
95,000,000 
- 
95,000,000 
Barclays/Absa Bank 
24,000,000 
23,358,811 
641,189 
Banque BIA, France 
22,871,000 
- 
22,871,000 
BMCE Bank 
28,588,750 
- 
28,588,750 
British Arab Commercial Bank 
57,177,500 
- 
57,177,500 
Citibank 
65,000,000 
49,554,598 
15,445,402 
Syndicated Loan Oct 2019 (Citibank) 
460,000,000 
460,000,000 
- 
Nedbank 
85,000,000 
64,098,885 
20,901,115 
United Bank Limited 
5,000,000 
- 
5,000,000 
Africa50 
39,761,917 
39,761,917 
- 
Bank One 
22,871,000 
22,871,000 
- 
KFW IPEX 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
- 
_____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL 
3,891,921,045 
2,460,535,804 
1,431,385,241 
 
============= 
============ 
============ 
F-196

--- Page 361 ---
73 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
36. NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 
(d) Facilities available for lending (continued) 
 
 
 
                 GROUP AND BANK 
 
Facilities 
Facilities 
Facilities 
 
available 
utilised 
unutilised 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
LONG TERM FACILITIES 
 
 
 
LENDER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eurobond 
700,000,000 
700,000,000 
- 
Exim Bank India  
100,000,000 
75,000,000 
25,000,000 
European Investment Bank  
88,120,000 
88,120,000 
- 
African Development Bank 
330,000,000 
270,000,000 
60,000,000 
Development Bank of South Africa 
95,000,000 
95,000,000 
- 
Private Export Funding Corporation 
60,000,000 
60,000,000 
- 
BKB Bank 
51,403,510 
36,854,139 
14,549,371 
Africa Agriculture Trade and Investment Fund 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
- 
KfW 
160,000,000 
110,000,000 
50,000,000 
KfW- Ipex 
133,135,287 
133,135,287 
- 
China Development Bank 
122,900,000 
122,900,000 
- 
BHF Bank 
18,000,000 
7,300,000 
10,700,000 
Japan Bank for International Corporation  
80,000,000 
23,040,956 
56,959,044 
Tanzania Shillings Local Currency Bond 
16,506,555 
16,506,555 
- 
CDC Group 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
- 
Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa 
15,000,000 
5,000,000 
10,000,000 
Industrial Development Corporation 
105,000,000 
100,565,184 
4,434,816 
Standard Chartered Bank / USAID 
50,000,000 
14,703,000 
35,297,000 
Agence Francaise De Development 
75,000,000 
57,000,000 
18,000,000 
The Exim -Import Bank of China 
250,000,000 
250,000,000 
- 
OPEC Fund for International Development  
60,000,000 
- 
60,000,000 
Exim Bank USA 
No Limit 
- 
No Limit 
_____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL 
2,640,065,352 
2,295,125,121 
344,940,231 
 
============= 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL FACILITIES: 31 December 2018 
6,531,986,397 
4,755,660,925 
1,776,325,472 
 
============= 
============ 
============ 
 
Note: 
 
Facilities utilised include outstanding letters of credit amounting to USD 346,981,327 (2018: USD 
161,673,239 USD as disclosed in note 39(b). 
 
 
 
 
F-197

--- Page 362 ---
74 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
37. 
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
Financial instruments recorded at fair value 
The following is a description of how fair values are determined for financial instruments that are recorded at fair 
value using valuation techniques. These incorporate the Group’s estimate of assumptions that a market participant 
would make when valuing the instruments. 
 
Net derivative financial instruments 
Currency swaps, interest rate swaps and currency forward contracts are derivative products valued using a 
valuation technique with market-observable inputs. The most frequently applied valuation technique is the swap 
model using present value calculations. The model incorporates various inputs including foreign exchange spot 
and forward rates. 
Financial instruments disclosed at fair value 
Management assessed that the fair value of financial instruments not measured at fair value approximates their 
carrying amount. 
Fair Value hierarchy 
The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by 
valuation technique: 
 
Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
Level 2: other techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are 
observable, either directly or indirectly; and  
Level 3: techniques which use inputs which have significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on 
observable market data. 
 
 
 
GROUP AND BANK 
 
At 31 December 2019: 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
Net derivative financial instruments 
- 
40,049,341 
- 
40,049,341 
 
Investment in Trade Fund 
- 
49,997,089 
- 
49,997,089 
 
Equity investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
 
- 
 
- 
 
51,135,850 
 
51,135,850 
 
Investment in joint venture 
- 
- 
69,984 
69,984 
 
 
________ 
__________ 
__________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
90,046,430 
51,205,834 
141,252,264 
 
 
======== 
========== 
========== 
=========== 
 
At 31 December 2018: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Net derivative financial instruments 
- 
54,042,940 
- 
54,042,940 
 
Equity investments at fair value through   
other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
51,521,730 
51,521,730 
 
Investment in joint venture 
- 
- 
386,994 
386,994 
 
 
________ 
__________ 
__________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
54,042,940 
51,908,724 
105,951,664 
 
 
======== 
========== 
========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group and Bank have not designated any loan or receivable or borrowings and payables as at fair value 
through profit or loss. 
F-198

--- Page 363 ---
75 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
37. 
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
 
 
 
 
 
 Transfers between Level 1, 2 and Level 3: 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, there were no transfers between the levels. 
Valuation of financial Instruments recorded at fair value: 
 
 
The Group uses widely recognised valuation models for determining fair values of interest rate swaps, currency swaps 
and forward foreign exchange contracts. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing and 
swap models, using present value calculations. The models incorporate various inputs including both credit and debit 
valuation adjustments for counterparty and own credit risk, foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate 
curves. For these financial instruments, significant inputs into models are market observable and are included within 
Level 2. The valuation is done in the Treasury Management System where these instruments are managed. The Group 
invests in private equity companies which are not quoted in an active market. Transactions in such investments do not 
occur on a regular basis. The Group contracts experts to value these investments. Valuation is done using International 
Private Equity Valuation Guidelines for these positions 
Valuations of financial instruments are the responsibility of Management. 
 
 
The valuation of derivative financial instruments is performed daily in the Treasury Management System, while that of 
equity investments is performed on a semi-annual basis by consultants who are contracted by the Financial 
Management Department. The valuations are also subject to quality assurance procedures performed by the Group’s 
internal and external auditors. In addition, the accuracy of the computation is tested. The latest valuation is also 
compared with the valuations in the preceding periods. If fair value changes (positive or negative) are more than certain 
thresholds set, the changes are further considered by senior management. Appropriateness of valuation methods and 
inputs is considered and management may request that alternative valuation methods are applied to support the 
valuation arising from the method chosen. 
Net changes in fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities -Level 3  
 
 
GROUP AND BANK 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2018 
Realised 
Unrealised 
Total (losses) 
Realised 
Unrealised 
Total gains 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
ASSETS  
Equity investments – 
at fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income 
- 
(465,000) 
(465,000) 
- 
450,000 
450,000 
 
========= 
========= 
========== 
========= 
====== 
========= 
 
Quantitative information of significant unobservable inputs – Level 3: 
 
 
Description 
Valuation Technique 
Unobservable 
input 
Range 
(weighted 
average) 
December 
2019 
USD 
December 
2018 
USD 
 
 
Equity investments – at 
fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Equity method-% of 
net assets 
Professional 
Investment 
Managers 
Valuation  
n/a 
 
 
 
51,135,850 
 
 
 
51,521,730 
 
 
 
========== 
========= 
========== 
 
 
F-199

--- Page 364 ---
76 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
37. 
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 
 
Sensitivity analysis to significant changes in unobservable inputs within Level 3 hierarchy – Level 3: 
 
 
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement categorised within Level 3 of the 
fair value hierarchy together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis are as shown below: 
 
 
 
Effect on fair value 
 
 
 
GROUP AND BANK 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
Description 
Input 
Sensitivity used 
USD 
USD 
Equity investments – at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
Professional 
Investment 
Managers 
Valuation 
5% 
2,556,793 
 
 
 
2,576,087 
========== 
========= 
========= 
Significant increases (decreases) in the equity of investee companies in isolation would 
result in a significantly (lower) higher fair value measurement 
 
 
Level 3 reconciliation 
The following table shows a reconciliation of all movements in the fair value of financial instruments 
categorised within Level 3 between the beginning and the end of the reporting period: 
 
 
GROUP AND BANK 
2019 
2018 
USD 
USD 
Balance as at 31 January 
51,521,730 
40,257,957 
IFRS 9 adjustment 
- 
10,728,799 
 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
Balance as at 31 January-Restated 
51,521,730 
50,986,756 
FV gains and losses  
(465,000) 
450,000 
Additions 
79,120 
84,974 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
Balance as at 31 December 
51,135,850 
51,521,730 
 
========== 
========== 
 
38. 
SEGMENT REPORTING   
 
The Group's main business is offering loan products, which is carried out in distinct geographic coverage areas. 
As such, the Group has chosen to organise the Group based on the loan products offered as well as coverage 
areas for segmental reporting. The main types of loan products are: 
 
• 
Trade finance – Short term and structured medium-term financing in support of trading activities such as 
imports and exports in various member states. 
• 
Project finance – Medium and long- term financing of viable and commercially oriented public and private 
sector projects and investments in various economic sectors or industries. 
 
Other operations comprise other miscellaneous income like rental of office premises which cannot be directly 
attributed to the Group’s main business. The Group also participates in the investment of Government 
securities and other unlisted equity investments. Transactions between the business segments are on normal 
commercial terms and conditions. Segment assets and liabilities comprise operating assets and liabilities, 
which form the majority of the statement of financial position. 
F-200

--- Page 365 ---
77 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB-formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 DECEMBER 2019 
 
38.  SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)  
 
For the year ended  
31 December 2019 
 East Africa  
 North East 
Africa  
 Southern 
Africa  
 Franco / 
Lusophone  
 Multi - 
Regional  
 Total Lending 
Operations  
 Corporate  
 Subsidiary  
 Consolidated/ 
Bank Total  
INCOME 
 USD  
 USD  
 USD  
 USD  
 USD  
 USD  
 USD  
 USD  
 USD  
Interest income 
119,335,164 
102,046,112 
91,043,323 
5,598,800 
54,399,757 
372,423,156 
33,302,878 
- 
405,726,034 
Interest expense and other 
borrowing costs 
(66,718,523) 
(57,169,921) 
(50,708,654) 
(3,175,994) 
(30,261,273) 
(208,034,365) 
(18,602,880) 
- 
(226,637,245) 
 
___________ 
__________ 
__________ 
_________
_ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
_________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
52,616,641 
44,876,191 
40,334,669 
2,422,806 
24,138,484 
164,388,791 
14,699,998 
- 
179,088,789 
Fee and commission income 
34,447,645 
3,629,308 
20,611,034 
8,483,507 
5,219,176 
72,390,670 
- 
- 
72,390,670 
Fair value gains on financial 
assets - derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
16,006,006 
- 
16,006,006 
 
___________ 
__________ 
__________ 
_________
_ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
_________ 
__________ 
Net Trading Income 
87,064,286 
48,505,499 
60,945,703 
10,906,313 
29,357,660 
236,779,461 
30,706,004 
- 
267,485,465 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Risk Mitigation Costs 
(13,535,724) 
(2,759,791) 
(15,742,527) 
- 
- 
(32,038,042) 
(3,941,501) 
- 
(35,979,543) 
Other Income 
2,449,063 
- 
2,910,000 
- 
- 
5,359,063 
650,739 
272,968 
6,282,770 
Depreciation and amortisation 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,956,380) 
- 
(1,956,380) 
Operating expenditure 
(963,651) 
(553,993) 
(541,216) 
(945,118) 
(3,351,349) 
(6,355,327) 
(32,361,648) 
(410,780) 
(39,127,755) 
Impairment allowance on loans 
(13,009,762) 
(23,734,106) 
(4,066,891) 
(312,386) 
(362,477) 
(41,485,622) 
- 
- 
(41,485,622) 
Impairment on other assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(3,755) 
- 
(3,755) 
Net foreign exchange loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(3,682,116) 
(5) 
(3,682,121) 
 
___________ 
__________ 
__________ 
_________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
_________ 
__________ 
PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION 
62,004,212 
21,457,609 
43,505,069 
9,648,809 
25,643,834 
162,259,533 
(10,588,657) 
(137,817) 
151,533,059 
Taxation 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(3,494) 
(3,494) 
 
___________ 
__________ 
___________ 
_________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
_________ 
___________ 
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  
62,004,212 
21,457,609 
43,505,069 
9,648,809 
25,643,834 
162,259,533 
(10,588,657) 
(141,311) 
151,529,565 
 
=========== 
========== 
=========== 
========= 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========= 
=========== 
 
 
F-201

--- Page 366 ---
78 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB-formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 DECEMBER 2019 
 
38.   SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the Year ended 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
East Africa 
North East 
Africa 
Southern 
Africa 
Franco / 
Lusophone 
Multi - 
Regional 
Total Lending 
Operations 
Corporate 
Consolidated/ 
Bank Total 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
INCOME 
 
 
 
Interest income 
91,440,363 
111,132,038 
76,846,704 
2,396,245 
47,930,069 
329,745,419 
31,842,477 
361,587,896 
Interest expense and other 
borrowing costs 
(50,559,206) 
(63,454,029) 
(44,238,902) 
(1,381,908) 
(27,331,490) 
(186,965,535) 
(18,227,206) 
(205,192,741) 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
40,881,157 
47,678,009 
32,607,802 
1,014,337 
20,598,579 
142,779,884 
13,615,271 
156,395,155 
Fee and commission income 
11,977,476 
988,364 
20,435,473 
2,338,308 
8,452,833 
44,192,454 
- 
44,192,454 
Fair value gains on financial 
assets - derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
23,974,890 
23,974,890 
 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Trading Income 
52,858,633 
48,666,373 
53,043,275 
3,352,645 
29,051,412 
186,972,338 
37,590,161 
224,562,499 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Risk Mitigation Costs 
(8,221,032) 
(9,019,064) 
(14,032,706) 
- 
(279,333) 
(31,552,135) 
(2,988,969) 
(34,541,104) 
Other Income 
1,564,251 
- 
2,533,153 
49,940 
- 
4,147,344 
3,335,507 
7,482,851 
Depreciation and amortisation 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,320,670) 
(1,320,670) 
Operating expenditure 
(897,995) 
(389,952) 
(450,054) 
(748,743) 
(3,415,261) 
(5,902,005) 
(33,485,107) 
(39,387,112) 
Impairment allowance on loans 
(11,012,333) 
(1,103,071) 
(7,233,548) 
(638,737) 
(1,910,725) 
(21,898,414) 
(1,258,541) 
(23,156,955) 
Impairment on other assets 
(471,125) 
- 
- 
(255,000) 
- 
(726,125) 
(2,500,000) 
(3,226,125) 
Net foreign exchange loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,087,992) 
(1,087,992) 
 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 
33,820,399 
38,154,286 
33,860,120 
1,760,105 
23,446,093 
131,041,003 
(1,715,611) 
129,325,392 
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
F-202

--- Page 367 ---
79 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
38. 
SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued) 
 
 
The table below analyses the breakdown of segmental assets, liabilities, income and expenses; 
 
a) STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued) 
 
 
Trade finance 
Project finance 
Other 
Subsidiary 
Total 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross interest income 
 209,703,194  
 162,719,962  
 33,302,878  
- 
405,726,034 
Interest expense and other 
borrowing costs 
(85,902,669) 
(107,030,332) 
(33,704,244) 
- 
(226,637,245) 
 
___________ 
____________ 
___________ 
_________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
123,800,525 
55,689,630 
(401,366) 
- 
179,088,789 
Fee and commission income 
36,968,485 
35,422,185 
 -    
- 
72,390,670 
Fair value gains on financial 
assets – derivatives 
- 
- 
16,006,006 
- 
16,006,006 
Risk mitigation costs 
(19,705,323) 
(12,102,304) 
(4,171,916) 
- 
(35,979,543) 
Other income 
 -    
 -    
650,739 
272,968 
923,707 
Other assets written-off 
(3,755) 
 -    
 -    
- 
(3,755) 
Other assets recovered 
 -    
5,359,063 
 -    
- 
5,359,063 
Operating expenses 
(18,571,804) 
(20,145,171) 
 -    
(410,780) 
(39,127,755) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(908,477) 
(1,018,846) 
(29,057) 
- 
(1,956,380) 
Impairment on assets 
(24,408,620) 
(10,298,449) 
(5,416,406) 
 
(40,123,475) 
Impairment on off-balance sheet 
commitments 
 -    
(1,362,147) 
 -    
- 
(1,362,147) 
Net foreign exchange loss 
(3,682,116) 
 -    
- 
(5) 
(3,682,121) 
 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ ___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit before taxation 
93,488,915 
51,543,961 
6,638,000 
(137,817) 
151,533,059 
Taxation charge 
- 
- 
- 
(3,494) 
(3,494) 
 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
109,495,239 
51,543,961 
(9,368,324) 
(141,311) 
151,529,565 
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
======== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2018 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross interest income 
204,323,254 
125,422,165 
31,842,477 
- 
361,587,896 
Interest expense and other 
borrowing costs 
(116,941,399) 
(70,024,156) 
(18,227,206) 
- 
(205,192,741) 
 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
87,381,855 
55,398,029 
13,615,271 
- 
156,395,155 
Fee and commission income 
31,206,418 
12,986,036 
- 
- 
44,192,454 
Fair value gains on financial 
assets – derivatives 
- 
- 
23,974,890 
- 
23,974,890 
Risk mitigation costs 
(23,385,321) 
(7,905,473) 
(3,250,310) 
- 
(34,541,104) 
Other income 
- 
- 
1,052,485 
- 
1,052,485 
Interest on capital arrears 
- 
- 
2,073,647 
- 
2,073,647 
Other assets written-off 
(2,500,000) 
(726,125) 
 
- 
(3,226,125) 
Other assets recovered 
503,410 
3,850,173 
3,136 
- 
4,356,719 
Operating expenses 
(19,781,660) 
(19,605,452) 
- 
- 
(39,387,112) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(662,813) 
(657,857) 
 
- 
(1,320,670) 
Impairment on assets 
(20,359,633) 
68,469 
(1,258,541) 
- 
(21,549,705) 
Impairment on off-balance sheet 
commitments 
(744,814) 
(862,436) 
- 
- 
(1,607,250) 
Net foreign exchange loss 
(1,087,992) 
- 
- 
- 
(1,087,992) 
 
__________ 
___________ 
___________ 
________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
74,544,340 
42,545,364 
12,235,688 
- 
129,325,392 
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
======== 
=========== 
F-203

--- Page 368 ---
80 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
38. 
SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued) 
 
 
The table below analyses the breakdown of segmental assets, liabilities, income and expenses; 
 
b) REVENUE FROM MAJOR GROUPS 
 
2019 
2018 
 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
Groups contributing 10% or more of revenue 
 196,183,199  
223,371,145 
All other customers 
 248,630,627  
150,566,918 
 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
Total Revenue 
444,813,826 
373,938,063 
 
=========== 
=========== 
c) 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
Trade finance 
Project finance 
Other 
Total 
Total 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances held with 
other banks 
 34,091,881  
 -   
 1,348,018,700  
292,983 
1,382,403,564 
Investment in Government 
securities 
 44,897,636  
 -   
 -   
- 
44,897,636 
Investment in Trade Fund 
 49,996,989  
 
- 
100 
49,997,089 
Derivative financial instruments 
 40,049,341  
 -   
 -   
- 
40,049,341 
Other receivables 
 -   
 -   
 120,416,110  
107,328 
120,523,438 
Trade finance loans 
 2,865,166,921  
 -   
 -   
- 
2,865,166,921 
Project loans 
 -   
 2,106,337,583  
 -   
- 
2,106,337,583 
Equity investments at fair value 
other comprehensive income 
 -   
 51,135,850  
 -   
- 
51,135,850 
Investment in Joint Ventures 
 -   
317,010  
 -   
- 
317,010 
Property and equipment 
 -   
 -   
 24,683,063  
- 
27,035,726 
Right of use asset 
 -   
 -   
3,9012,012  
- 
3,9012,012 
Intangible assets 
 -   
 -   
 1,998,002  
- 
1,998,002 
 
___________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets 
3,034,202,768 
2,157,790,443 
1,499,027,887 
400,411 
6,691,421,509 
 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings 
 2,465,247,997  
 -   
 -   
 
 2,465,247,997  
Long term borrowings 
 -   
 2,591,528,898  
 -   
 
 2,591,528,898  
Collection account deposits  
 95,822,611  
 -   
 -   
 
 95,822,611  
Lease Liability 
 
 -   
 1,520,467  
 
 1,520,467  
Provision for service and leave 
pay  
 -   
 -   
 8,551,510  
 
 8,551,510  
Other payables 
 -   
 -   
 138,604,970  
127,817 
 138,732,787 
Current tax payable 
- 
- 
- 
3,494 
3,494 
 
___________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities 
2,561,070,608  
2,591,528,898  
 148,676,947  
 5,301,276,453  
 5,301,407,764 
 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
- 
- 
1,389,814,629 
112,375 
1,389,927,004 
Non-controlling interest 
- 
- 
 
86,741 
86,741 
 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
2,561,070,608 
2,591,528,898 
1,538,491,576 
330,427 
6,691,421,509 
 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
F-204

--- Page 369 ---
81 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
38. SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued) 
 
c)     STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
Trade finance 
Project finance 
Other 
Total 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances held with other 
banks 
56,296,236 
- 
1,089,622,142 
1,145,918,378 
Derivative financial instruments 
54,042,940 
- 
- 
54,042,940 
Other receivables 
- 
- 
117,136,030 
117,136,030 
Trade finance loans 
2,733,444,885 
- 
- 
2,733,444,885 
Project loans 
- 
1,429,558,794 
- 
1,429,558,794 
Equity investments at fair value other 
comprehensive income 
 
- 
 
51,521,730 
 
- 
 
51,521,730 
Investment in Joint Ventures 
- 
386,994 
- 
386,994 
Property and equipment 
- 
- 
23,710,110 
23,710,110 
Intangible assets 
- 
- 
1,853,744 
1,853,744 
 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets 
2,843,784,061 
1,481,467,518 
1,232,322,026 
5,557,573,605 
 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings 
2,383,253,601 
- 
- 
2,383,253,601 
Long term borrowings 
- 
1,782,030,068 
- 
1,782,030,068 
Collection account deposits  
119,576,580 
- 
- 
119,576,580 
Provision for service and leave pay  
- 
- 
7,828,640 
7,828,640 
Other payables 
- 
- 
72,858,965 
72,858,965 
 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities 
2,502,830,181 
1,782,030,068 
80,687,605 
4,365,547,854 
 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
- 
- 
1,192,025,751 
1,192,025,751 
 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,502,830,181 
1,782,030,068 
1,272,713,356 
5,557,573,605 
 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
F-205

--- Page 370 ---
82 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
39.  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS  
 
 
 
                                       GROUP AND BANK 
  
 
2019 
2018 
  (a) 
Approved capital expenditure 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
Approved but not contracted 
22,883,600 
17,294,830 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
Approved and contracted  
508,418 
10,105,737 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
(b) Loans committed but not disbursed 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
Project finance loans 
490,097,321 
263,569,643 
 
Trade finance loans 
184,214,397 
265,445,719 
 
   
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
         
674,311,718 
529,015,362 
 
   
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
In line with normal banking operations, the Group conducts business involving acceptances, guarantees and 
performances.  The majority of these facilities are offset by corresponding obligations of third parties. 
 
 
 
                                     GROUP AND BANK 
 
  
2019 
2018 
 
  
USD 
   USD 
 
   
  
  
 
Letters of credit – Project finance loans 
 2,286,780  
280,000 
 
                             - Trade finance loans  
 346,981,327  
161,393,239 
 
Guarantee 
 69,186,744  
17,000,000 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
  
418,454,851 
178,673,239 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
(c) 
Pending litigation 
 
 
 
Litigation is a common occurrence in the banking industry due to the nature of the business undertaken. The 
Group has controls and policies for managing legal claims. Once professional advice has been obtained and 
the amount of loss reasonably estimated, the Group makes provisions to cater for any adverse effects which 
the claims may have on its financial standing.   
 
As at 31 December 2019, there were no material legal proceedings involving the Group (2018 – NIL). No 
provision has been made as, in the opinion of the Directors and the Group’s lawyers, it is unlikely that any 
significant loss will crystallise. 
 
40. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
 
 
 
(a) Membership and governance 
 
 
  
As a supranational development financial institution with a membership comprising:- Class A Shareholders- 
Twenty two COMESA /African States (the “Member States”), two non-African State and one institutional 
member;- Class B Shareholders – one non-African State and Fourteen institutional members,- subscription 
to the capital of the Group is made by all its Members. All the powers of the Group are vested in the Board 
of Governors, which consists of the Governors appointed by each Member of the Group, who exercise the 
voting power of the appointing Member. The Board of Directors, which is composed of Nineteen (19) 
Directors elected by the Members is responsible for the conduct of the general operations of the Group, and 
for this purpose, exercises all the powers delegated to it by the Board of Governors. The Group makes loans 
to some of its Member States. The Group also borrows funds from some of its Members. Such loans granted 
to Member States are approved by the Board of Directors.  
F-206

--- Page 371 ---
83 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
40. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)  
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
The following are the details of the transactions and balances with related parties:-  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                          GROUP AND BANK 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
(b) Loans to member states 
        
  
  
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Outstanding loans at 1 January 
 
 1,802,387,616  
1,907,869,877 
 
Loans disbursed during the year 
 
1,012,848,585 
453,571,429 
 
Loans repaid during the year 
 
(417,832,378) 
(559,053,690) 
 
 
 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Outstanding loan balances at 31 December  
 
2,397,403,823 
1,802,387,616 
  
 
      
  
 
============ 
============ 
 
 
Loans to related parties are subject to commercial negotiations on the terms and conditions of varying 
interest rates and terms. Outstanding balances at year-end are secured by cash security deposits, sovereign 
undertakings/guarantees and insurance. The loans to Member States are performing and the Group has not 
made any specific provision for doubtful debts relating to amounts owed by related parties (2018: Nil). 
General provisions have been raised as applicable. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       GROUP AND BANK 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
(c) 
Borrowings from members 
 
 
 
 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Outstanding borrowings at 1 January 
158,746,264 
266,009,640 
 
Borrowings received during the year 
69,807,613 
8,513,580 
 
Borrowings repaid during the year 
 
 
(21,053,878) 
(115,776,956) 
 
 
 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Outstanding balances at 31 December 
207,499,999 
158,746,264 
 
 
 
============ 
============ 
 
 
Borrowings from related parties are subject to commercial negotiations on the terms and conditions. The 
outstanding balances as at year-end are unsecured and there has been no guarantee provided by the Group for 
any borrowings from members. The borrowings are for an average period of ten years. 
 
 
 
 
                        GROUP AND BANK 
 
 
 
 
    2019 
2018 
 
(e) 
Income and expenses 
 
 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• Interest income from loans to Member States earned during 
the year 
 
205,331,885 
180,127,858 
 
 
 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• Interest expense on borrowings from Member States incurred 
during the year 
 
(9,154,252) 
(9,367,901) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• Fees and commission earned from Member States during the 
year 
40,025,185 
20,406,465 
 
 
 
 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
F-207

--- Page 372 ---
84 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
40. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Other related parties  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The remuneration of members of key management staff during the year  was as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       GROUP AND BANK 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
USD 
   USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salaries and other short-term benefits 
4,340,442 
4,520,153 
 
Post employment benefits: Defined contribution: Provident Fund 
266,610 
705,313 
 
Board of Directors and Board of Governors allowances 
359,819 
258,775 
 
Other long-term employee benefits 
671,857 
279,153 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
_________ 
_________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5,638,728 
5,763,394 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
========= 
========= 
 
(g) 
Share capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
During the year, Class ‘B’ shares with a value of USD 1,176,054 (2018: USD 2,212,308) were issued to the 
TDB Staff Provident Fund and to TDB Directors and Select Stakeholder Provident Fund. 
 
 
41. 
CURRENCY  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The financial statements are presented in United States Dollars (USD). At the reporting date, the conversion 
rates between one USD and certain other currencies were as analysed below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
British Pound 
 
 
 
 
 
0.7623 
0.7885 
 
Euro 
 
 
 
 
 
0.8926 
0.8745 
 
United Arab Emirates Dirham 
 
 
 
 
 
3.6729 
3.6729 
 
Zambian Kwacha 
 
 
 
 
 
13.9600 
11.9500 
 
South Africa Rand 
 
 
 
 
 
14.1017 
14.3717 
 
Zimbabwe Dollar 
 
 
 
 
 
16.7394 
00.0000 
 
Ethiopian Birr 
 
 
 
 
 
31.9500 
28.3273 
 
Mauritian Rupee 
 
 
 
 
 
36.4408 
34.1500 
 
Sudanese Pound 
 
 
 
 
 
47.6100 
28.8370 
 
Kenya Shilling 
 
 
 
 
 
101.3950 
101.8000 
 
Japanese Yen 
 
 
 
 
 
108.8050 
110.4350 
 
Malawi Kwacha 
 
 
 
 
 
732.7564 
728.7700 
 
Burundi Franc 
 
 
 
 
 
1,866.0000 
1,756.0000 
 
Tanzania Shilling 
 
 
 
 
 
2,281.6000 
2,281.6000 
 
Uganda Shilling 
 
 
 
 
 
3,662.2500 
3,726.2500 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
========= 
========= 
 
 
 
 
F-208

--- Page 373 ---
85 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
42. 
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
From the beginning of the year after the reporting date (Q1-2020), the global economy has been adversely 
affected by the outbreak of the novel coronavirus of 2019 (“COVID-19”), which has been declared a pandemic 
by the World Health Organisation. The COVID-19 pandemic could result in a global economic downturn that will 
have an adverse impact on sovereign governments, with suppressed fiscal revenues, increases in health 
expenditure and reduced international trade negatively affecting government revenues and GDP. Consequently, 
unemployment as well as adjustments in fiscal and monetary policies to respond to the crisis will impact the 
regional economies. 
 
Overall sovereign creditworthiness remains unaffected in the interim, but resilience may wane as growth rates 
decline and revenue targets remain unmet. The Bank’s gross portfolio exposure to Sovereigns including public 
enterprises constitute 67% (USD 3.60 billion).  
 
It seems likely at this point that travel, tourism, entertainment, automotive, oil & gas and health sectors will be 
most affected due to disruptions in supply and demand. The current distribution of TDB’s gross loan assets by 
sector and the Bank’s top key sectors in gross percentage terms are as follows: Oil & Gas (28%), Agribusiness 
(23%), Infrastructure (23%), Banking and Financial Institutions (5%) and Transport & Logistics (6%). 
 
From a credit perspective, the Bank is in the process of rapidly identifying sectors and clients most likely to be 
affected. The Bank is conducting periodic stress tests on its loan assets to assess requisite levels of preparedness, 
magnitude and potential negative impact. As the pandemic evolves, there is an expectation of repayment delays 
and/or requests to extend loan repayments due to adverse impacts on borrower cash-flows.  
 
It is anticipated that the COVID-19 pandemic may impact the Bank’s profitability for the year ending 31 
December 2020 in respect of interest income, risk mitigation costs, operating expenses and modification losses 
arising from IFRS 9 requirements.  
 
The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s business and financial results will depend largely on future 
developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak and the related impact on consumer 
confidence and spending, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 
 
 
 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
The financial risk management objectives and policies are as outlined below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) INTRODUCTION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Risk is inherent in the Group’s activities, but is managed through a process of ongoing identification, 
measurement monitoring and reporting, subject to risk limits and other governance controls. This process of 
risk management is critical to the Group’s continuing profitability and each individual within the Group is 
accountable for the risk exposures relating to his or her responsibilities. The Group is exposed to credit risk, 
liquidity risk and market risk (non–trading risks). It is also subject to country risk. 
 
 
 
 
 
Risk management structure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk appetite 
statement and risk management framework. As part of its governance structure, the Board of Directors has 
embedded a comprehensive appetite statement and risk management framework for measuring, monitoring, 
controlling and mitigation of the Group’s risks. The policies are integrated in the overall management 
information systems of the Group and supplemented by a management reporting structure.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions, products 
and services offered. The Group, through its training and management standards and procedures, aims to 
develop a disciplined and constructive control environment, in which all employees and other stakeholders 
understand their roles and obligations. 
 
 
 
 
 
F-209

--- Page 374 ---
86 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
(a) INTRODUCTION (Continued) 
 
Risk management structure (Continued) 
 
 
The Bank-Wide Integrated Risk Management Committee (BIRMC) is responsible for monitoring compliance 
with the Group’s risk management policies and procedures and review of the adequacy of the risk 
management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group. BIRMC undertakes both regular and ad-
hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures, the results of which are reported to the Board. 
 
 
 
Risk measurement and reporting systems 
 
 
 
The Group’s risks are measured using a method that reflects both the expected loss likely to arise in normal 
circumstances and unexpected losses, which are an estimate of the ultimate actual loss based on statistical 
models. The models make use of probabilities derived from historical experience, adjusted to reflect the 
economic environment. The Group also runs worst-case scenarios that would arise if extreme events which 
are unlikely to occur do, in fact, occur. 
 
Monitoring and controlling risks is primarily performed based on prudential limits established by the Group. 
These limits reflect the business strategy and market environment of the Group as well as the level of risk that 
the Group is willing to accept. In addition, the Group’s policy is to measure and monitor the overall risk bearing 
capacity in relation to the aggregate risk exposure across all risk types and activities. 
 
 
 
The notes below provide detailed information on each of the above risks and the Group’s objectives, policies 
and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Group’s management of capital. 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group defines credit risk as the risk that adverse changes in the credit quality of borrowers will negatively 
affect the Group’s financial performance and financial condition. Credit risk arises from both client-specific risk 
and country risk. The Group, through its lending operations to private sector and public sector entities in its 
Member Countries, and to a lesser extent, treasury operations, is exposed to credit risk. 
 
 
Credit Risk Appetite 
 
 
 
The Group adheres to a defined credit risk appetite which considers the maximum credit losses the Group is 
prepared to absorb from its lending activities in pursuit of corporate objectives.  
 
The credit risk appetite statement further defines risk-based lending mandates and limits to manage credit 
risk concentrations at single/group borrower, country and sector levels within expectations to minimise 
unexpected credit losses. 
 
All limits were within approved risk appetite thresholds as at 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
Risk Management Policies and Processes 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group manages credit risk through an integrated risk management policy framework and processes 
which place great emphasis on rigorous screening of borrowers at loan origination.  
 
 
 
 
 
The risk management policies and processes are designed to identify, measure, manage and control credit 
risk throughout the whole project cycle. The lending process follows a formalised system of strict 
procedures and processes and committee-based decision-making processes.  
 
 
 
F-210

--- Page 375 ---
87 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
 
Client-Specific Risk 
 
The Group uses credit assessment and risk profiling systems, including borrower risk rating models to 
evaluate the credit risk of the investment proposals both at loan origination and during the life of the loan. 
 
The Group seeks to mitigate credit risk in its lending operations and calls for risk mitigating measures such 
as security in the form of real estate collateral, personal and corporate guarantees. Such collateral is re-
valued every three years or earlier should there be any evidence of diminution in value.  
 
Country risk 
 
 
The Group considers country-specific political, social and economic events which may have an adverse 
impact on the credit quality of its borrowers.  To mitigate such risks, the Group uses prudent country 
exposure management policies. In addition, the Group considers the economic, social and political profile 
of the country in which the investment project is domiciled before approval is granted. The investment 
proposal is also loaded with the risk premium that reflects the risk rating of the host country. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes 46 and 47 of the Financial Statements contain further country exposure analysis as at 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit-related commitment risks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group makes available to its customers guarantees that may require that the Group makes payments 
on their behalf and enters into commitments to extend credit lines to secure their liquidity needs. Letters 
of credit and guarantees (including standby letters of credit) commit the Group to make payments on 
behalf of customers in the event of a specific act, generally related to the import or export of goods. Such 
commitments expose the Group to similar risks to loans and are mitigated by the same control processes 
and policies. These are further disclosed under Note 35(b). 
 
Credit quality 
 
The following tables sets out information about the credit quality and credit risk exposure of financial assets 
measured at amortised cost (31 December 2019) and loans and receivables (31 December 2018). Unless 
specifically indicated, the amounts in the table represent gross carrying amounts. For loan commitments 
the amounts in the table represent the undrawn portion of amounts committed. Loan commitments are 
undisbursed facilities including letters of credit. Explanation of the terms ‘Stage 1’, ‘Stage 2’, ‘Stage 3’ and 
purchased originated credit impaired (POCI) assets is included in Note 2 (b) and 3 (j). 
 
 
F-211

--- Page 376 ---
88 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
Credit quality (Continued) 
                                                31 December 2019 
31 December 
2018 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Total 
Project finance loans: 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pass/Acceptable 
1,927,357,463 
- 
- 
1,927,357,463 
1,254,771,124 
Special mention 
- 
171,275,360 
- 
171,275,360 
180,999,353 
Substandard, Doubtful & Loss 
- 
- 
48,362,733 
48,362,733 
24,147,841 
 
 
 
 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
1,927,357,463 
171,275,360 
48,362,733 
2,146,955,556 
1,459,918,318 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(4,611,448) 
(8,649,252) 
(27,397,273) 
(40,657,973) 
(30,359,524) 
 
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
1,922,746,015 
162,626,108 
20,965,460 
2,106,297,583 
1,429,558,794 
 
============ 
========== 
========== 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade finance loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pass/ acceptable 
2,711,660,871 
- 
- 
2,711,660,871 
2,527,025,580 
Special mention 
- 
153,870,032 
- 
153,870,032 
211,163,777 
Substandard, Doubtful & Loss 
- 
- 
70,115,393 
70,115,393 
75,208,489 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
2,711,660,871 
153,870,032 
70,115,393 
2,935,646,296 
2,813,397,846 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(1,387,516) 
(4,860,111) 
(64,231,748) 
(70,479,375) 
(79,952,961) 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
2,710,273,355 
149,009,921 
5,883,645 
2,865,166,921 
2,733,444,885 
 
============ 
============ 
========== 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Undisbursed commitments: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pass/ Acceptable 
607,732,507 
- 
- 
607,732,507 
566,479,040 
Special mention 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,457,056 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
607,732,507 
- 
- 
607,732,507 
568,936,096 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(864,399) 
- 
- 
(864,399) 
(1,544,636) 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
606,868,108 
- 
- 
606,868,108 
567,391,460 
 
============ 
============ 
========== 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Letters of Credit: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pass/acceptable 
158,138,671 
- 
- 
19,121,521 
19,121,521 
Special mention 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
158,138,671 
- 
- 
158,138,671 
19,121,521 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(149,839) 
- 
- 
(149,839) 
(62,614) 
 
____________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
157,988,832 
- 
- 
157,988,832 
19,058,907 
 
============ 
============ 
========== 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-212

--- Page 377 ---
89 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b)  CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
31 December 2019 
 
 
31 December 
2018 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Total
Total off-balance sheet 
items 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD
 
 
 
 
  
Pass/ Acceptable 
765,871,178 
- 
- 
765,871,178 
585,600,561 
Special mention 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,457,056 
 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
765,871,178 
- 
- 
765,871,178 
588,057,617 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss Allowance 
(1,014,238) 
- 
- 
(1,014,238) 
(1,607,250) 
 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
764,856,940 
- 
- 
764,856,940 
586,450,367 
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
Maximum Exposure to Credit Risk before Collateral Held: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                 GROUP AND BANK 
 
Credit Exposures 
2019 
% 
2018 
% 
 
 
 
 
USD 
% 
USD 
% 
 
On – statement of financial position Items 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and Balances held with other banks 
1,382,110,581 
20 
1,145,918,378 
21 
 
Investment in Government securities 
44,897,636 
1 
- 
- 
 
Investment in Trade Fund 
49,996,989 
1 
- 
- 
 
Other receivables 
71,725,697 
1 
72,249,608 
1 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
40,049,341 
1 
54,042,940 
1 
 
Loans and advances 
5,082,641,852 
76 
4,273,316,164 
77 
 
-Project loans 
2,146,995,556 
 
1,459,918,318 
 
 
-Trade finance loans 
2,935,646,296 
 
2,813,397,846 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sub Total 
 
6,671,422,096 
100 
545,527,090 
100 
 
 
 
=========== 
==== 
=========== 
==== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Off – statement of financial position Items 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Letters of Credit 
349,268,107  
32 
161,673,239 
23 
 
Loan Commitments not disbursed 
674,311,718  
62 
529,015,362 
75 
 
Guarantees and Performance Bonds 
69,186,744  
6 
17,000,000 
2 
 
 
 
____________ 
____ 
____________ 
____ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sub Total 
 
1,092,766,569 
100 
707,688,601 
100 
 
 
 
 
 
____________ 
____ 
____________ 
____ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Credit Exposure 
7,764,188,665 
 
6,253,215,691 
 
 
 
============ 
==== 
============ 
==== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The above figures represent the worst-case scenario of credit exposure for the two years without taking into 
account any collateral held or other credit enhancements. Loan and advances and off-statement of financial 
position items took up 79.54% in 2019 (2018 – 79.66%) of the total maximum credit exposure. 
 
 
F-213

--- Page 378 ---
90 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b)   CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
Other than cash and bank balances amounting to USD 1,145,918,378 (2018 -USD 1,232,980,427) Investment in 
government securities of USD 44,897,636 (2018-USD 57,275,058) and investment in the trade fund of USD 
49,996,989 (208 -NIL), all other credit risk exposures are secured by collateral in the form of cash liens, mortgages 
on land and buildings, securities charged over plant and machinery and third party guarantees.  
 
As at 31 December 2019, the fair value of collateral held for impaired loans and advances was USD 102,156,645 
(2018 – USD 251,217,197) and the gross exposure was USD 118,478,127 (2018-USD 100,614,870) after deducting 
the impairment allowances. 
 
Classification of Loans and advances  
 
Ageing of arrears for past due loans and advances not impaired 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Below 30 Days 
 
   314,171,355  
49,728,080 
31 to 90 Days 
 
        1,274,804  
4,326,490 
91-180 Days 
 
        1,895,403  
4,153,855 
181-360 Days 
 
        1,679,778  
40,221,656 
Over 360 Days 
 
        6,124,051  
30,359,097 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
Total arrears 
325,145,392 
128,789,178 
 
 
 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ageing of arrears for impaired loans and advances 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Below 30 Days 
 
 
 
2,143,130  
195,265 
 
31-90 Days 
   
 
 
377,692  
301,917 
 
91-180 Days 
 
 
 
10,266,824  
739,049 
 
181-360 Days 
 
 
 
2,573,168  
2,989,861 
 
Over 360 Days 
 
 
 
74,956,254  
74,751,873 
 
 
 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total arrears 
   
 
 
90,317,068 
78,977,965 
 
 
 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts not in arrears 
 
28,161,059 
13,823,888  
 
 
 
 
 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
 
 
 
118,478,127 
100,614,870 
 
 
 
 
 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
Loans and advances that are neither past due nor impaired 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group classifies loans and advances under this category for borrowers that are up to date with their principal 
and interest payments and conforming to all the agreed terms and conditions. Such borrowers are financially sound 
and demonstrate capacity to continue to service their debts in the future. The Group classifies such loans as ‘Low 
Risk-PTAR 1 and Satisfactory Risk-PTAR 2’ in line with its Loan Classification Policy. 
 
 
 
F-214

--- Page 379 ---
91 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b)   CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
Classification of Loans and advances (Continued) 
 
 
Loans and advances that are neither past due nor impaired 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group classifies loans and advances under this category for borrowers that are up to date with their 
principal and interest payments and conforming to all the agreed terms and conditions. Such borrowers are 
financially sound and demonstrate capacity to continue to service their debts in the future. The Group classifies 
such loans as ‘Low Risk-PTAR 1 and Satisfactory Risk-PTAR 2’ in line with its Loan Classification Policy. 
 
 
 
Past due but not impaired 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans under this category are performing well but exhibit potential weaknesses which may, if not corrected in 
good time, weaken the borrower’s capacity to repay. These weaknesses may also result in the Group’s interest 
not being adequately protected. Such weaknesses include temporary cash flow constraints and deteriorating 
economic conditions. The Group classifies such loans as ‘Fair Risk-PTAR 3 and Watch Risk- PTAR 4’ in line with 
its Loan Classification Policy. Sovereign loans that are past due are not considered impaired unless otherwise 
approved by the Group’s Board of Directors. 
 
 
 
 
Impaired loans and advances 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group, depending on the severity of default and deterioration of borrower’s financial condition and 
collateral, classifies impaired loans into three categories ‘Substandard-PTAR 5’, ‘Doubtful-PTAR 6’ and ‘Loss-
PTAR 7’. Thus, impaired loans range from those that are not adequately protected by their current sound 
worth and paying capacity of the obligor to those that are considered uncollectible or of such little value that 
their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. 
 
 
 
 
 
Collateral Held 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition to its rigorous credit risk assessments, the Group seeks to protect its interests in the event of 
unpredictable and extreme factors that negatively affect the borrower’s capacity to service the Group’s loan 
by calling for credit enhancement arrangements in need. In this regard, the Group calls for security such as 
mortgage interest on property, registered securities over financed or third-party assets and guarantees. The 
security cover required is, at least, one and a third times the loan amount that is disbursed.  Such security is 
subject to regular reviews and, if necessary, revaluation every three years. 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group does not hold security over deposits placed with other banks or financial institutions and 
government securities. However, the Group places deposits with well vetted and financially sound counter-
parties. In addition, the Group places limits on counter-party exposures which are set, monitored and 
reviewed by the Bank-Wide Integrated Risk Management Committee. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-215

--- Page 380 ---
92 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
Collateral held for loan portfolio  
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
USD 
USD 
(i) 
Total portfolio: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgages on properties 
 349,615,291  
587,971,517 
 
Fixed charge on plant and equipment 
 420,609,012  
786,375,582 
 
Cash security deposits 
 936,482,697  
1,087,466,651 
 
Sovereign undertakings  
 141,549,070  
381,906,582 
 
Insurance and Guarantees 
 2,494,249,874  
2,979,738,078 
 
Other floating all asset debenture  
 601,852,034  
63,678,563 
 
 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total security cover 
4,944,357,978 
5,887,136,973 
 
 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross portfolio 
(5,082,641,852) 
(4,273,316,164) 
 
 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cover 
(138,283,874) 
1,613,820,809 
 
 
============= 
============= 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Loans not impaired: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgages on properties 
 284,512,453  
493,631,052 
 
Fixed charge on plant and equipment 
 416,039,226  
661,389,974 
 
Cash security deposits 
 935,889,800  
1,087,466,651 
 
Sovereign undertakings  
 141,549,070  
381,906,582 
 
Insurance and Guarantees 
 2,462,358,750  
2,947,846,954 
 
Other floating all asset debenture  
 601,852,034  
63,678,563 
 
 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total security cover 
4,842,201,333 
5,635,919,776 
 
 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross portfolio 
(4,964,163,725) 
(4,172,701,294) 
 
 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cover 
(121,962,392) 
1,463,218,482 
 
 
============= 
============= 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Impaired loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgages on properties 
65,102,838 
94,340,465 
 
Fixed charge on plant and equipment 
4,569,786 
124,985,608 
 
Insurance and Guarantees 
31,891,124 
31,891,124 
 
Cash security deposits 
592,897 
- 
 
 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total security cover 
102,156,645 
251,217,197 
 
 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
Gross portfolio 
(118,478,127) 
(100,614,870) 
 
 
_____________ 
_____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cover 
(16,321,482) 
150,602,327 
 
 
============= 
============= 
 
Inputs, assumptions and techniques used for estimating impairment 
 
Significant Increase in Credit Risk 
 
When determining whether the credit risk (i.e. risk of default) on a financial instrument has increased significantly 
since initial recognition, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available 
without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis based on 
the Group’s historical experience, expert credit assessment and forward-looking information. 
F-216

--- Page 381 ---
93 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
The Group uses the following criteria for determining whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk: 
 
• 
Qualitative indicators;  
• 
Project finance and Trade Finance loans rated PTAR 3 and 4; and 
• 
a backstop of 30 days past due 
 
Credit Risk Classification 
 
The Group allocates each exposure to a credit risk classification using its Credit Risk Assessment System based on 
the exposures’ risk attributes and their fair values accurately determined and reflected in the Group’s books as 
well as applying experienced credit judgement. The Group uses these classifications in identifying significant 
increases in credit risk under IFRS 9. The risk classifications are defined using days past due, qualitative and 
quantitative factors that are indicative of the risk of default. These factors may vary depending on the nature of 
the exposure and the type of borrower. The Group goes through a credit appraisal process and determines the 
credit quality of each exposure on initial recognition based on available information about the borrower. 
Exposures are subject to on-going monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit 
risk classification. 
 
The table below provides an indicative mapping of how the Group’s internal credit grades relate to PD. 
 
Trade Finance loans 
 
Grading: 
12-month weighted average PD 
 
Very Low risk 
0.11% 
Low risk 
 
5.10% 
Moderate risk 
High risk 
 
100% 
Substandard 
 
Project Finance loans 
 
Grading: 
12-month weighted average PD 
 
Very Low risk 
0.41% 
Low risk 
 
13.94% 
Moderate risk 
High risk 
 
100% 
Substandard 
Bad & Doubtful 
Loss 
 
Determining Whether Credit Risk Has Increased Significantly 
 
The Group assesses whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition at each reporting date. 
The Group has established a framework that incorporates both quantitative and qualitative information to 
determine whether the credit risk on a particular financial instrument has increased significantly since initial 
recognition.  The framework aligns with the Group’s internal credit risk management process. The criteria for 
determining whether credit risk has increased significantly varies by product and includes a backstop based on 
delinquency. 
F-217

--- Page 382 ---
94 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
Determining Whether Credit Risk Has Increased Significantly 
 
Currently, the Group will deem the credit risk of a particular exposure to have increased significantly since initial 
recognition based on a loan being rated as PTAR 3 and PTAR 4 or being in arrears for a period of 30 to 89 days. 
The Group will develop an internal rating model going forward and movement in the probability of default (PD) 
between the reporting period and initial recognition date/ the date of initial application of IFRS 9 of the loan will 
form the basis of significant increase in credit risk. In certain instances, using its expert credit judgement and, 
where possible, relevant historical experience, the Group may determine that an exposure has undergone a 
significant increase in credit risk if particular qualitative factors linked to the Group’s risk management processes 
indicate so and those indicators may not be fully captured by its quantitative analysis on a timely basis.  As a 
backstop, and as required by IFRS 9, the Group presumptively considers that a significant increase in credit risk 
occurs no later than when an asset is more than 30 days past due. The Group determines days past-due by 
counting the number of days since the earliest elapsed due date in respect of which full payment has not been 
received. 
 
Definition of Default 
 
The Group will consider a financial asset to be in default when: 
 
• the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to 
actions such as realising security (if any is held);  
• the borrower has a risk classification of PTAR 5,6 and 7; or 
• the borrower is more than 90 days past due on any material credit obligation to the Group. 
 
In assessing whether a borrower is in default, the Group will consider indicators that are: 
 
• qualitative: e.g. breaches of covenant; 
• quantitative: e.g. overdue status and non-payment of another obligation of the same issuer to the Group; and 
• based on data developed internally and obtained from external sources. 
 
Inputs into the assessment of whether a financial instrument is in default and their significance may vary over time 
to reflect changes in circumstances. The Group has not rebutted the 90 days past due buck stop. 
 
Incorporation of forward-looking Information 
 
The Group incorporates forward-looking information in its measurement of ECLs. The Group formulates three 
economic scenarios: a base case, which is the median scenario assigned a 50% probability of occurring, and two 
less likely scenarios, one upside and one downside, assigned a 20% and 30% probability of occurring respectively. 
The base case represents a most-likely outcome and is aligned with information used by the Group for determining 
country lending limits as well as strategic planning. External information includes economic data and forecasts 
published by governmental bodies and monetary authorities in the various jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates, supranational organisations such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund and selected 
private sector and academic forecasters. 
 
The Group formulates a ‘base case’ view of the future direction of relevant economic variables in the various 
jurisdictions in which it operates, and a representative range of other possible forecast scenarios based on advice 
from the Group’s Risk Management Committee and economic experts and consideration of a variety of external 
actual and forecast information.  
 
 
F-218

--- Page 383 ---
95 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
Inputs, assumptions and techniques used for estimating impairment – continued 
 
Incorporation of forward-looking Information - continued 
 
The macroeconomic variables applied are those used as part of determining the country risk ratings for different 
jurisdictions in which the Group lends. Using forecasted macroeconomic information, the country risk ratings are 
forecasted for a period of three (3) years and the aggregated changes in country risk ratings, year-on-year, starting 
with the base year (financial reporting year-end) are applied as the forward looking information.  
 
The Group has identified and documented key drivers of credit risk and credit losses for each portfolio of financial 
instruments and, using an analysis of historical data, has estimated relationships between macro-economic 
variables and credit risk and credit losses.  
 
These key drivers include Political risk, Economic strength and performance, Transfer and currency risk, 
Governance, Debt sustainability vs Fiscal strength and Group experience. Country risk ratings have been 
developed based on analysing these factors and the aggregate predicted changes in these ratings considered as 
the predictor of the future default rate. The economic scenarios used are approved by the Group’s Credit 
Committee. 
 
Modified Financial Assets (Restructured Assets) 
 
The contractual terms of a loan may be modified for a number of reasons, including changing market conditions, 
customer retention and other factors not related to a current or potential credit deterioration of the customer. 
An existing loan whose terms have been modified may be derecognised and the renegotiated loan recognised as 
a new loan at fair value. When the terms of a financial asset are modified, and the modification does not result in 
derecognition, the determination of whether the asset’s credit risk has increased significantly reflects comparison 
of the borrower’s initial credit risk assessment and the current assessment at the point of modification. 
 
When modification results in derecognition, a new loan is recognised and allocated to Stage 1 (assuming it is not 
credit-impaired at that time). 
 
The Group renegotiates loans to customers in financial difficulties (referred to as ‘restructuring’) to maximise 
collection opportunities and minimise the risk of default. Under the Group’s restructuring policy, loan 
restructuring is granted on a selective basis if the debtor is currently in default on its debt or if there is a high risk 
of default, there is evidence that the debtor made all reasonable efforts to pay under the original contractual 
terms and the debtor is expected to be able to meet the revised terms. The revised terms usually include extending 
the maturity, changing the timing of interest payments and amending the terms of loan covenants. The Group’s 
Credit Committee regularly reviews reports on restructuring activities. 
 
For financial assets modified as part of the Group’s forbearance policy, the estimate of PD reflects whether the 
modification has improved or restored the Group’s ability to collect interest and principal and the Group’s 
previous experience of similar forbearance action. As part of this process, the Group evaluates the borrower’s 
payment performance against the modified contractual terms and considers various behavioural indicators. 
 
Generally, restructuring is a qualitative indicator of default and credit impairment and expectations of 
restructuring are relevant to assessing whether there is a significant increase in credit risk. Following restructuring, 
a customer needs to demonstrate consistently good payment behaviour over a period of time before the exposure 
is no longer considered to be in default/credit-impaired or the PD is considered to have decreased such that the 
loss allowance reverts to being measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs. 
 
 
 
F-219

--- Page 384 ---
96 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
Inputs, assumptions and techniques used for estimating impairment - continued 
 
Inputs into Measurement of ECLs 
 
The key inputs into the measurement of ECLs are the term structures of the following variables: 
• Probability of Default (PD); 
• loss given default (LGD); and 
• exposure at default (EAD). 
 
These parameters are derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data that leverage 
regulatory models. They are adjusted to reflect forward-looking information as described above. 
 
PD estimates for loans and advances are estimates at a certain date, which are calculated based on statistical 
migration matrices that model the chance of an exposure transitioning to default over time and are assessed at 
portfolio level for portfolios of assets that have similar characteristics. These statistical models are based on 
internally compiled data comprising both quantitative and qualitative factors.  Where it is available, external 
market data may also be used to derive the PD for large corporate counterparties. If a counterparty or exposure 
migrates between ratings classes, then this leads to a change in the estimate of the associated PD. Lifetime PDs 
are estimated considering the contractual maturities of exposures and estimated prepayment rates. The Group 
PD estimates for other exposures are estimates at a certain date, which are estimated based on external credit 
rating information and assessed using rating tools tailored to the various categories of counterparties and 
exposures. 
 
LGD is the magnitude of the likely loss if there is a default. The Group estimates LGD parameters based on 
collateral available against exposures and the history of recovery rates of claims against defaulted counterparties. 
The LGD models consider the structure, collateral quality, seniority of the claim, counterparty industry and 
recovery costs of any collateral that is integral to the financial asset. LGD estimates are calibrated for different 
collateral types by applying haircuts to adjust the market value of collateral to best reflect the amounts 
recoverable. The collateral values to consider are calculated on a discounted cash flow basis using the effective 
interest. 
 
EAD represents the expected exposure in the event of a default. The Group derives the EAD from the current 
exposure to the counterparty and potential changes to the current amount allowed under the contract, including 
amortisation, and prepayments. The EAD of a financial asset is the gross carrying amount at default. For lending 
commitments and non-financial guarantees, the EAD considers the amount drawn, as well as potential future 
amounts that may be drawn or repaid under the contract, which is estimated based on historical observations 
and forward-looking forecasts. 
 
As described above, and subject to using a maximum of a 12-month PD for financial assets for which credit risk 
has not significantly increased, the Group measures ECLs considering the risk of default over the maximum 
contractual period (including any borrower’s extension options) over which it is exposed to credit risk, even if, for 
risk management purposes, the Group considers a longer period.  The maximum contractual period extends to 
the date at which the Group has the right to require repayment of an advance or terminate a loan commitment 
or guarantee. For overdrafts, guarantee facilities and other revolving facilities that include both a loan and an 
undrawn commitment component, the Group measures ECLs over a period of one year unless the expected life 
of the exposure can be reasonably determined.  
 
Where modelling of a parameter is carried out on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the 
basis of shared risk characteristics that include: 
 
• Product type; and 
• Industry. 
 
The groupings are subject to regular review to ensure that exposures within a particular group remain appropriately 
homogeneous. 
F-220

--- Page 385 ---
97 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
Amount arising from ECL  
 
Loss allowance 
 
The following tables show reconciliations from the opening to the closing balance of the loss allowance by 
Segment. Comparative amounts for 2018 are shown in Note 17, and they represent the allowance account for 
credit losses and reflect the measurement basis under IAS 39. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Project finance loans; 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 
1,584,648 
4,627,035 
24,147,841 
30,359,524 
Transfer to 12 months ECL 
29,438 
(29,438) 
- 
- 
Transfer to Lifetime ECL not credit impaired 
(24,014) 
24,014 
- 
- 
Transfer to Lifetime ECL credit impaired 
- 
(1,588,089) 
1,588,089 
- 
Net re-measurement of Loss allowance 
614,977 
5,739,727 
1,661,346 
8,016,050 
Net financial assets originated 
2,415,388 
- 
- 
2,415,388 
Financial assets derecognised 
(8,992) 
(123,996) 
- 
(132,988) 
 
_________ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
4,611,445 
8,864,252 
27,397,276 
40,657,974 
 
========= 
========== 
========== 
========== 
Trade finance loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 
2,470,575 
1,015,357 
76,467,029 
79,952,961 
Transfer to 12 months ECL 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transfer to Lifetime ECL not credit impaired 
(106,130) 
106,130 
- 
- 
Transfer to Lifetime ECL credit impaired 
- 
(85,884) 
85,884 
- 
Net of financial assets originated  
449,772 
- 
- 
449,772 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
(1,415,781) 
3,824,508 
22,923,188 
25,331,915 
Financial assets derecognised 
(10,918) 
- 
(35,244,355) 
(35,255,273) 
 
__________________ 
____________________ 
____________________ 
____________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
1,387,518 
4,860,111 
64,231,746 
70,479,375 
 
========= 
========== 
========== 
========== 
Undisbursed commitments: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 
1,517,384 
27,252 
- 
1,544,636 
Net remeasurement of Loss allowance 
157,340 
- 
- 
157,340 
Net financial assets originated  
345,194 
- 
- 
345,194 
Financial assets derecognised 
(1,155,519) 
(27,252) 
 
(1,182,771) 
 
_________ 
__________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
864,399 
- 
 
864,399 
 
========= 
========== 
========== 
========== 
 
 
 
 
 
Letters of credit: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 
62,613 
- 
- 
62,613 
Net remeasurement of Loss allowance 
(59,410) 
- 
- 
(59,410) 
Net financial assets originated  
146,636 
- 
- 
146,636 
Financial assets derecognized 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
__________________ 
____________________ 
____________________ 
____________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
149,839 
- 
- 
149,839 
 
========= 
========== 
========== 
========== 
 
 
 
F-221

--- Page 386 ---
98 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
  
Loss allowance (Continued) 
 
The ECL on cash and balances with other banks, Trade and Project finance loans and loan commitments are 
presented in cash and balances with other banks, Trade and Project finance loans and other liabilities respectively 
in the statement of financial position. 
 
Gross Loans and advances 
 
The following tables show reconciliations from the opening to the closing balance of the gross loans by Segment. 
Comparative amounts for 2018 represent the allowance account for credit losses and reflect the measurement 
basis under IAS 39. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
31 December 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
2018 
Project finance loans; 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 
1,254,771,124 
180,999,353 
24,147,841 
1,459,918,318 
1,249,632,224 
Transfer to 12 months ECL 
2,868,676 
(2,868,676) 
- 
- 
- 
Transfer to Lifetime ECL not       
credit impaired 
(36,445,833) 
36,445,833 
- 
- 
 
- 
Transfer to Lifetime ECL credit 
impaired 
- 
(33,878,560) 
33,878,560 
- 
- 
Net remeasurement of loss 
allowance 
144,268,617 
(2,272,590) 
(9,663,668) 
132,332,359 
 
New financial assets originated  
572,470,055 
- 
- 
572,470,055 
240,036,560 
Financial assets derecognised 
(10,575,176) 
(7,150,000) 
- 
(17,725,176) 
(28,312,910) 
Financial assets written off 
 
 
 
 
(1,437,556) 
 
____________ 
___________ 
__________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
1,927,357,463 
171,275,360 
48,362,733 
2,146,995,556 
1,459,918,318 
 
============ 
=========== 
========== 
============ 
============ 
Trade finance loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 
2,527,025,580 
211,163,777 
75,208,489 
2,813,397,846 
2,681,280,568 
Transfer to 12 months ECL 
- 
- 
- 
Transfer to Lifetime ECL not 
credit impaired 
(145,976,186) 
145,976,186 
- 
- 
 
- 
Transfer to Lifetime ECL credit 
impaired 
- 
(29,529,122) 
29,529,122 
- 
 
- 
Net remeasurement of loss 
allowance 
289,126,191 
(173,740,809) 
(636,405) 
114,748,976 
290,016,485 
Net financial assets originated 
75,496,336 
- 
- 
75,496,336 
 
Financial assets derecognised 
(34,011,050) 
- 
(33,985,813) 
(67,996,863) 
(157,899,207) 
 
____________ 
___________ 
__________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
2,711,660,871 
153,870,032 
70,115,393 
2,935,646,296 
2,813,397,846 
 
============ 
=========== 
========== 
============ 
============ 
Undisbursed commitments: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 
566,479,040 
2,457,056 
- 
568,936,096 
412,375,360 
Net financial assets originated or 
purchased 
198,209,021 
- 
- 
198,209,021 
 
427,218,461 
Net remeasurement of loss 
allowance 
259,414,754 
- 
- 
259,414,754 
- 
Financial assets derecognised 
(416,370,306) 
(2,457,056) 
- 
(418,827,362) 
(270,657,725) 
 
____________ 
___________ 
__________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
607,732,507 
- 
- 
607,732,507 
568,936,096 
 
============ 
=========== 
========== 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
F-222

--- Page 387 ---
99 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
  
Loss allowance (Continued) 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
31 December 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
2018 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Letters of Credit 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 
19,121,521 
- 
- 
19,121,521 
70,631,296 
Net financial assets 
originated or purchased 
153,654,028 
- 
- 
153,654,028 
 
4,797,522 
Net remeasurement of 
loss allowance 
(14,636,878) 
- 
- 
(14,636,878) 
- 
Financial assets 
derecognized 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(66,937,297) 
 
____________ 
_________ 
_______ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
158,138,671 
- 
- 
158,138,671 
19,121,521 
 
============ 
========= 
======= 
============ 
============ 
 
 
F-223

--- Page 388 ---
100 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)  
 
(b)  CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
Concentration of Risk by Sector 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
Gross Exposure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On-statement 
 
Off-statement 
 
Cash collateral/ 
 
 
 
 
 
Of financial 
 
Of financial 
 
In transit 
Insurance 
Other  
Net Exposure 
 
 
Position 
 
Position 
 
 
 
mitigations 
 
 
 
USD 
% 
USD 
% 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 Agri- Business  
1,169,535,433  
23 
159,975,844  
15 
(93,233,460) 
(471,499,850) 
(72,399,560) 
692,378,407  
22 
 Banking and Financial 
Services  
 252,620,207  
5 
407,788,468  
37 
(3,249,878) 
(149,703,601) 
 -   
507,455,196  
16 
 Construction  
 15,912,468  
0 
 -   
0 
 -   
 -   
 -   
15,912,468  
1 
 Education  
 585,293  
0 
 -   
0 
 -   
 -   
 -   
585,293  
0 
 Energy  
 227,641,858  
4 
 98,889,990  
9 
(607,837) 
(13,320,937) 
 -   
312,603,075  
10 
 Health Services  
 19,598,954  
0 
 15,563,915  
1 
 -   
 -   
 -   
35,162,869  
1 
 Hospitality  
 37,458,389  
1 
 14,288,001  
1 
 -   
 -   
 -   
51,746,390  
2 
 ICT  
 189,283,341  
4 
 4,678,805  
0 
 -   
 -   
 -   
193,962,146  
6 
 Infrastructure  
 1,163,859,598  
23 
 55,591,053  
5 
 -   
(525,000,000) 
(200,000,000) 
494,450,651  
16 
 Manufacturing and Heavy 
Industries  
 207,112,021  
4 
 19,168,218  
2 
 -   
 -   
 -   
226,280,239  
7 
 Oil & Gas  
 1,435,411,818  
28 
 216,822,276  
20 
(747,351,883) 
(496,091,494) 
(151,675,409) 
257,115,307  
8 
 Other  
 19,502,584  
0 
 100,000,000  
10 
 -   
 -   
 -   
119,502,584  
4 
 Real Estate  
 27,920,827  
1 
 0  
0 
 -   
 -   
 -   
27,920,827  
1 
 Transport  
 281,963,011  
6 
 -   
0 
 -   
(82,894,502) 
(46,697,214) 
152,371,295  
5 
 Wholesale Commodities  
 34,236,050  
1 
 -   
0 
 -   
 -   
 -   
34,236,050  
1 
 
____________ 
___ 
__________ 
___ 
___________ 
___________ 
     __________   
__________ 
___ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5,082,641,852  
100 
 1,092,766,570  
100 
(844,443,058) 
(1,738,510,384) 
(470,772,183) 
3,121,682,797  
100 
 
============= 
==== 
=========== 
==== 
============ 
============= 
=========== 
============ 
==== 
 
**Off–statement of financial position items include loans approved but not disbursed, outstanding letters of credit and guarantees and performance 
bonds where applicable. 
 
F-224

--- Page 389 ---
101 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)  
 
(b )  CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
Concentration of Risk by Sector 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
Gross Exposure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On-statement 
 
Off-statement 
 
Cash collateral/ 
 
 
 
 
Of financial 
 
Of financial 
 
In transit 
Insurance 
Net Exposure 
 
 
Position 
 
Position 
 
 
 
 
 
 
USD 
% 
USD 
% 
USD 
USD 
 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agribusiness 
1,074,418,460 
25 
199,350,368 
28 
(140,559,232) 
(476,138,225) 
657,071,371 
25 
Banking and Financial Services 
198,917,764 
5 
204,013,500 
29 
(149) 
(61,391,880) 
341,539,235 
13 
Education 
2,308,796 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,308,796 
- 
Hospitality 
34,547,045 
1 
15,000,000 
2 
- 
- 
49,547,045 
2 
Manufacturing and Heavy 
Industries 
223,670,818 
5 
3,763,300 
1 
- 
- 
227,434,118 
8 
Other  
7,642,328 
- 
388,775 
- 
(204,720) 
- 
7,826,383 
- 
Health Services 
11,985,131 
- 
15,000,000 
2 
- 
- 
26,985,131 
1 
Energy 
192,794,558 
5 
145,128,143 
20 
- 
(19,179,459) 
318,743,242 
13 
Oil & Gas 
1,412,473,215 
33 
33,422,949 
5 
(709,659,400) 
(496,091,494) 
240,145,270 
9 
Real Estate 
38,024,424 
1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
38,024,424 
1 
Telecommunications 
4,620,074 
- 
6,663,365 
1 
- 
(4,047,378) 
7,236,061 
- 
Infrastructure 
589,779,418 
14 
83,300,000 
12 
- 
(314,011,050) 
359,068,368 
13 
Transport and Logistics 
259,221,780 
6 
1,658,201 
- 
- 
(61,200,000) 
199,679,981 
7 
Wholesale Commodities 
91,986,022 
2 
- 
- 
- 
(19,000,000) 
72,986,022 
3 
ICT 
130,926,331 
3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
130,926,331 
5 
 
____________ 
____ 
___________ 
___ 
____________ 
_____________ 
____________ 
____ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4,273,316,164 
100 
707,688,601 
100 
(850,423,501) 
(1,451,059,486) 
2,679,521,778 
100 
 
============= 
==== 
=========== 
==== 
============ 
============= 
============ 
==== 
 
**Off–statement of financial position items include loans approved but not disbursed, outstanding letters of credit and guarantees and performance 
bonds where applicable. 
 
F-225

--- Page 390 ---
102 
  
 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB-formerly PTA Bank) 
 
 
 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concentration of Risk by Country 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross Exposure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On-statement  
 
Off-statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of Financial 
 
-f Financial 
 
Cash Collateral/ 
 
Other  
 
 
 
 
Position 
 
Position 
 
In transit 
Insurance 
Mitigants 
Net Exposure 
 
 
 
USD 
% 
USD 
% 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Burundi 
 13,633,604  
0 
 -   
0 
(592,897) 
 -   
 -   
 13,040,707  
1 
 
Comoros  
 12,769,196  
0 
 15,563,915  
1 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 28,333,111  
1 
 
Congo DRC 
 8,939,758  
0 
 -   
0 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 8,939,758  
1 
 
Djibouti 
 44,251,088  
1 
 -   
0 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 44,251,088  
1 
 
Egypt 
 29,529,122  
1 
 -   
0 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 29,529,122  
1 
 
Eswatini  
 7,029,752  
0 
 18,000,000  
2 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 25,029,752  
1 
 
Ethiopia 
 290,170,778  
6 
 329,094,816  
30 
(149) 
(100,000,000) 
 -   
 519,265,445  
17 
 
Kenya 
 760,886,817  
15 
 104,678,805  
10 
 
(350,000,000) 
(100,000,000) 
 415,565,622  
13 
 
Malawi 
 488,200,928  
10 
 141,975,844  
13 
(59,172,497) 
(248,000,000) 
(72,399,560) 
 250,604,715  
8 
 
Mauritius 
 133,818,935  
3 
 -   
0 
 -    
 -    
-   
 133,818,935  
4 
 
Mozambique 
 34,360,071  
1 
 245,549,618  
22 
 -    
 -    
(151,675,409) 
 128,234,280  
4 
 
Rwanda 
 446,646,316  
9 
 2,522,267  
1 
(150,000,000) 
(82,894,502) 
(46,697,214) 
 169,576,867  
5 
 
Seychelles 
 55,934,659  
1 
 4,288,001  
1 
(743) 
- 
- 
 60,221,917  
2 
 
Sudan 
 658,953,698  
13 
 -   
0 
(180,031,669) 
(223,499,850) 
- 
 255,422,179  
8 
 
Tanzania 
 683,182,864  
13 
 22,025,508  
2 
(603,127) 
(175,000,000) 
(100,000,000) 
 429,605,245  
14 
 
Uganda 
 160,337,315  
3 
 81,905,926  
7 
- 
- 
 -   
 242,243,241  
8 
 
Zambia 
 703,969,604  
14 
 57,961,870  
5 
(4,041,976) 
(496,091,494) 
 -   
 261,798,004  
8 
 
Zimbabwe 
 550,027,347  
11 
 69,200,000  
6 
(450,000,000) 
(63,024,538) 
 -   
 106,202,809  
3 
 
____________ 
____ 
___________ 
___ 
____________ 
_____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____ 
 
5,082,641,852  
100 
1,092,766,570  
100 
(844,443,058) 
(1,738,510,384) 
(470,772,183) 
3,121,682,797  
100 
 
 
============= 
==== 
=========== 
==== 
============ 
============= 
============ 
============ 
==== 
 
**Off–statement of financial position items include loans approved but not disbursed, outstanding letters of credit and guarantees and performance bonds 
where applicable. 
F-226

--- Page 391 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB-formerly PTA Bank) 
 
 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concentration of Risk by Country 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross Exposure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On-statement  
 
Off-statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of Financial 
 
Financial 
 
Cash Collateral/ 
 
 
 
 
 
Position 
 
Position 
 
In transit 
Insurance 
Net Exposure 
 
 
 
USD 
% 
USD 
% 
USD 
USD 
USD 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Burundi 
13,102,481 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(4,047,378) 
9,055,103 
- 
 
Congo DRC 
12,958,133 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
12,958,133 
- 
 
Djibouti 
48,980,244 
2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
48,980,244 
3 
 
Egypt 
29,529,122 
1 
- 
- 
- 
(19,000,000) 
10,529,122 
- 
 
Ethiopia 
184,184,481 
4 
108,576,800 
15 
(149) 
- 
292,761,132 
11 
 
Kenya 
657,625,678 
15 
6,663,365 
1 
- 
(280,000,000) 
384,289,043 
14 
 
Malawi 
439,317,346 
10 
125,364,368 
18 
(85,303,325) 
(248,000,000) 
231,378,389 
9 
 
Mauritius 
138,937,939 
3 
78,725,000 
11 
- 
- 
217,662,939 
8 
 
Mozambique 
4,736,869 
- 
48,133,750 
7 
- 
- 
52,870,619 
3 
 
Rwanda 
460,312,576 
11 
28,466,575 
3 
(150,000,000) 
(61,200,000) 
277,579,151 
10 
 
Seychelles 
4,318,402 
- 
- 
- 
(880) 
- 
4,317,522 
- 
 
Sudan 
648,191,877 
15 
- 
- 
(214,546,597) 
(228,138,225) 
205,507,055 
8 
 
Tanzania 
222,677,538 
5 
48,911,673 
7 
382,512 
- 
271,971,723 
10 
 
Uganda 
166,941,115 
4 
118,147,070 
17 
- 
(34,011,050) 
251,077,135 
9 
 
Zambia 
686,824,380 
16 
60,500,000 
9 
(955,062) 
(496,091,494) 
250,277,824 
9 
 
Zimbabwe 
554,677,983 
14 
84,200,000 
12 
(400,000,000) 
(80,571,339) 
158,306,644 
6 
 
____________ 
____ 
___________ 
___ 
____________ 
_____________ 
____________ 
____ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4,273,316,164 
100 
707,688,601 
100 
(850,423,501) 
(1,451,059,486) 
2,679,521,778 
100 
 
 
============= 
==== 
=========== 
==== 
============ 
============= 
============ 
==== 
 
 
**Off–statement of financial position items include loans approved but not disbursed, outstanding letters of credit and guarantees and performance 
bonds where applicable. 
 
F-227

--- Page 392 ---
104 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. 
 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)  
   
 
 
 
 
During the course of the Group’s normal course of business and lending activities, financial assets may be 
restructured or modified.  
 
The following tables refer to restructured financial assets where the restructuring does not result in de-
recognition 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
USD 
USD 
Financial assets restructured during the year* 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount before restructuring 
78,998,101 
56,600,390 
Loss allowance before restructuring 
 
(1,525,044) 
 
____________________ 
____________________ 
 
 
 
Net amortised cost before restructuring 
78,998,101 
55,075,336 
 
 
 
Net restructuring loss 
(159,793) 
(209,376) 
 
____________________ 
____________________ 
 
 
 
Net amortised cost after restructuring 
78,838,308 
54,865,960 
 
==================== 
==================== 
 
 
 
Financial assets restructured since initial recognition at a time when loss allowance was based on lifetime 
ECL. 
 
Gross carrying amount of financial assets for which loss allowance has changed in the period from lifetime 
to 12-month ECL cost after restructuring. 
 
*2019 loss allowance is based on lifetime Expected Credit Loss (ECL) under IFRS 9 while 2018 loss allowance 
is based on IAS 39 Incurred Loss. 
 
 
(c) LIQUIDITY RISK 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations from financial 
liabilities. The Group's liquidity policy ensures that it has resources to meet its net disbursement and debt 
service obligations and allows it flexibility in deciding the appropriate time to access capital markets.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group holds sufficient liquid assets to enable it to continue normal operations even in the unlikely event 
that it is unable to obtain fresh resources from its lending partners and the capital markets for an extended 
period of time.  To achieve this objective, the Group operates on a prudential minimum level of liquidity, 
which is based on projected net cash requirements.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The prudential minimum level of liquidity is updated quarterly.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
The liquidity position statement is presented under the most prudent consideration of maturity dates.  
Liabilities are classified according to the earliest possible repayment date, while assets are classified 
according to the latest possible repayment date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Bank-wide Integrated Risk Management Committee (BIRMC) is tasked with the responsibility of ensuring 
that all foreseeable funding commitments can be met when due, and that the Group will not encounter 
difficulty in meeting obligations from its financial liabilities as they occur.  
 
 
 
 
BIRMC relies substantially on the Treasury Department to coordinate and ensure discipline, certify adequacy 
of liquidity under normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage 
to the Group's reputation. 
 
(b) CREDIT RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Restructured loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-228

--- Page 393 ---
105 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
(c)  LIQUIDITY RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturities of financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows: 
At 31 December 2019: 
Up to 1 month 
2 to 3 months 
4 to 6 months 
6 to 12 months 
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
ASSETS 
 
Cash and balances with other 
banks 
 973,305,486  
 33,449,454  
 -   
 5,364,894  
 369,990,747  
 -   
1,382,110,581  
Investment in Government 
securities 
 4,263,801  
 -   
 -   
 -   
40,633,835 
 -   
44,897,636  
Investment in Trade Fund 
 49,996,989  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
49,996,989  
Other receivables 
 71,092,371  
 103,093  
 136,482  
 200,563  
 193,188  
 -   
71,725,697  
Derivative financial 
instruments 
 40,049,341  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
40,049,341  
Trade finance loans 
 313,547,881  
 37,401,126  
 231,846,650  
 544,676,772  
 2,020,752,353  
 -   
3,148,224,782  
Project loans 
 116,107,025  
 7,965,986  
 69,409,431  
 202,923,858  
 1,666,955,997  
 770,119,963  
2,833,482,260  
Equity investment at fair value 
through OCI 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 51,135,850  
 -   
51,135,850  
Investment in joint venture 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
317,010  
 -   
317,010  
 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
Total assets  
1,568,362,894  
78,919,659  
301,392,563  
753,166,087  
4,109,345,145  
770,119,963  
7,621,940,146 
 
============ 
============ 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
============ 
============ 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings 
 52,431,358  
 49,339,555  
 89,628,413  
 840,367,715  
 775,360,110  
 658,121,846  
2,465,248,997  
Long term borrowings 
12,431,829 
 19,283,010  
 48,560,850  
 125,601,782  
 2,138,000,425 
 247,651,003  
2,591,528,899  
Collection Account 
 95,822,611  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
95,822,611  
Other payables 
 128,293,978  
 260,343  
 390,514  
 781,028  
 4,421,508  
 4,405,977  
138,553,348  
 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
__                        __________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities 
288,979,776 
68,882,908  
138,579,777  
966,750,525  
2,917,782,043 
910,178,826  
5,291,153,855 
 
============ 
============ 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net liquidity gap 
1,279,383,118 
10,036,751 
162,812,786 
(213,584,438) 
1,232,196,937 
(140,058,863) 
2,330,786,291 
 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cumulative gap 
1,279,383,118 
1,289,419,869 
1,452,232,655 
1,238,648,217 
2,470,845,154 
2,330,786,291 
2,330,786,291 
 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
The above table analyses financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the reporting date 
to the contractual maturity date. 
 
F-229

--- Page 394 ---
106 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
   (c)  LIQUIDITY RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturities of financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows: 
 
At 31 December 2018: 
Up to 1 month 
2 to 3 months 
4 to 6 months 
6 to 12 months 
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with other 
banks 
958,325,687 
- 
182,967,472 
4,625,219 
- 
- 
1,145,918,378 
Other receivables 
71,396,778 
117,481 
164,047 
269,642 
301,660 
- 
72,249,608 
Derivative financial instruments 
54,042,940 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
54,042,940 
Trade finance loans 
190,018,891 
88,866,009 
344,140,366 
494,825,692 
2,177,224,269 
41,639,354 
3,336,714,581 
Project loans 
55,099,605 
59,790,767 
58,900,733 
169,856,644 
1,359,940,100 
642,159,604 
2,345,747,453 
Equity investment at fair value 
through OCI 
- 
- 
- 
- 
51,521,730 
- 
51,521,730 
Investment in joint venture 
- 
- 
- 
- 
386,994 
- 
386,994 
 
____________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets  
1,328,883,901 
148,774,257 
586,172,618 
669,577,197 
3,589,374,753 
683,798,958 
7,006,581,684 
 
============= 
============ 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
============ 
============ 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings 
252,645,244 
109,832,041 
496,795,236 
645,204,854 
893,220,401 
- 
2,397,697,776 
Long term borrowings 
13,560,334 
53,351,287 
33,689,541 
138,683,519 
1,552,411,862 
357,760,071 
2,149,456,614 
Collection Account 
119,576,580 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
119,576,580 
Other payables 
64,311,909 
226,454 
333,016 
664,306 
4,750,909 
5,520,749 
75,807,343 
 
____________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities 
450,094,067 
163,409,782 
530,817,793 
784,552,679 
2,450,383,172 
363,280,820 
4,742,538,313 
 
============= 
============ 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net liquidity gap 
878,789,834 
(14,635,525) 
55,354,825 
(114,975,482) 
1,138,991,581 
320,518,138 
2,264,043,371 
 
============= 
============ 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cumulative gap 
878,789,834 
864,154,309 
919,509,134 
804,533,652 
1,943,525,233 
2,264,043,371 
2,264,043,371 
 
============= 
============ 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
============ 
============ 
 
The above table analyses financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the reporting date to 
the contractual maturity date.   
 
F-230

--- Page 395 ---
107 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43.  
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(c)   LIQUIDITY RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturities of loan commitments and off-balance financial liabilities are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Up 
to 1 month 
2 to 
3 months  
4 to 
6 months 
6 to 12 
months 
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantees 
 -   
 69,186,744  
 -   
 -   
- 
- 
69,186,744  
Letters of credit 
 192,198,760  
 137,276,216  
 8,208,014  
 11,585,117  
- 
- 
349,268,107  
Loan commitments 
 67,431,172  
 134,862,344  
 202,293,515  
 269,724,687  
- 
- 
674,311,718  
 
__________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
__________ 
________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
259,629,932  
341,325,304  
210,501,529  
281,309,804  
 
 
1,092,766,569 
 
========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========== 
======== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2018: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantees 
- 
17,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
17,000,000 
Letters of credit 
56,946,523 
98,867,112 
5,859,604 
- 
- 
- 
161,673,239 
Loan commitments 
52,901,536 
105,803,072 
158,704,609 
211,606,145 
- 
- 
529,015,362 
 
__________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
__________ 
________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
109,848,059 
221,670,184 
164,564,213 
211,606,145 
- 
- 
707,688,601 
 
========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========== 
======== 
=========== 
 
 
 
F-231

--- Page 396 ---
108 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)  
  
 
 
 
  
(c) 
LIQUIDITY RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) Liquidity and funding management  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group's liquidity and funding policies require: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Entering into lending contracts subject to availability of funds, 
 
 
- Projecting cash flows by major currency and considering the level of liquid assets necessary in relation 
thereto, 
 
- Maintaining a diverse range of funding sources with back–up facilities, 
 
- Investment in short term liquid instruments which can easily be sold in the market when the need arises, 
- Investments in property and equipment are properly budgeted for and done when the Group has 
sufficient cash flows, 
 
 
- Maintaining liquidity and funding contingency plans. These plans must identify early indicators of stress 
conditions and describe actions to be taken in the event of difficulties arising from systemic or other 
crises while minimising adverse long-term implications.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Contingency Plans  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group carries out contingency funding planning at the beginning of the year.  This details the following 
measures to combat liquidity crisis: 
 
 
 
- 
Unutilised lines of credit, including standby facilities, from different counter-parties. 
 
- 
Term deposits with counter-parties and prospects of withdrawal and rollovers. 
 
- 
Investment portfolio and its defeasance period. 
 
 
- 
Amount of short-term resources with a time period, required to raise such resources. 
 
- 
Amount which can be raised from other counter parties based on the Group's past relationships.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) MARKET RISK 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The objective of the Group's market risk management process is to manage and control market risk exposures 
in order to optimise return on risk.  Market risk is the risk that movement in market factors, including interest 
rates and foreign currency exchange rates, will reduce income or value of portfolio.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Overall responsibility for management of market risk rests with BIRMC. The Treasury Department is responsible 
for the development of detailed market risk management policies and for the day-to-day implementation of 
those policies. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The management of market risk is supplemented by the monitoring of sensitivity analysis of the key market risk 
variables. The Group normally uses simulation models to measure the impact of changes in interest rates on net 
interest income. The key assumptions used in these models include loan volumes and pricing and changes in 
market conditions. Those assumptions are based on the best estimates of actual positions. The models cannot 
precisely predict the actual impact of changes in interest rates on income because these assumptions are highly 
uncertain.   
 
(i) 
Interest rate risk 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
due to changes in market interest rates.  The extent of exposure to interest rate risk is largely determined 
by the length of time for which the rate of interest is fixed for a financial instrument.  The Group's principal 
interest rate risk management objective is to generate a suitable overall net interest margin by matching 
the interest rate characteristic and re-pricing profile of assets with those of the underlying borrowings 
and equity sources respectively.  
F-232

--- Page 397 ---
109 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
43.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT  
 
 
(d)  MARKET RISK (Continued) 
 
(i) Interest rate risk continued (Continued) 
 
The table below summarises the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk  
 
 
Up to 
1 to 6 
6 to 12 
1 to 5 
*Fixed interest 
*Non-interest 
 
At 31 December 2019: 
1 month 
Months 
months 
years 
Rate 
bearing 
Total 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with other banks  
 939,207,302  
 33,449,454  
 5,364,894  
 -   
 369,990,747  
 34,098,184  
1,382,110,581  
Investment in Government securities 
-  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 44,897,636  
- 
44,897,636  
Investment in Trade Fund 
- 
 -   
- 
- 
- 
 49,996,989  
49,996,989  
Other receivables 
- 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 690,005  
 71,035,692  
71,725,697  
Derivative financial instruments 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 40,049,341  
40,049,341  
Trade finance loans 
 3,758,885   1,191,501,334  
 -   
 -    1,669,034,053  
 872,649  
2,865,166,921  
Project finance loans 
 14,327,581   1,902,020,209  
 -   
 -   
 183,584,929  
 6,404,864  
2,106,337,583  
Equity Investments at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 51,135,850  
51,135,850  
Investment in Joint Venture 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 317,010  
317,010  
 
_____                       _______ 
_____                       _______ 
_____                       _______ 
_____                       ___ 
_____                       _______ 
_____                       _______ 
_____                       _______ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial assets  
957,293,768  
3,126,970,997  
5,364,894  
-  
2,268,197,370  
253,910,579  
6,611,737,608  
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========= 
============ 
=========== 
============ 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings 
 510,827,029   1,460,111,114  
 237,246,880  
 -   
 257,062,974  
 -   
 2,465,247,997  
Long term borrowings 
 435,961,050  
 601,351,708  
 100,239,343  
 -    1,453,976,797  
 -   
 2,591,528,898  
Collection Accounts 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 95,822,611  
 95,822,611  
Other payables 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 10,389,542  
 128,163,806  
138,553,348  
 
___________ 
____________ 
___________ 
_________ 
____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial liabilities 
946,788,079  
2,061,462,822  
337,486,223  
-  
1,721,429,313 
223,986,417  
5,291,152,854  
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========= 
============ 
=========== 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest rate exposure 
10,505,689 
1,065,508,175  (332,121,329) 
-  
546,768,057  
29,924,162  
1,320,584,754 
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========= 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cumulative interest rate exposure 
10,505,689 
1,076,013,864 
743,892,535 
743,892,535 
1,290,660,592 
1,320,584,754 
1,320,584,754 
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========= 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
* Fixed interest and non-interest-bearing items are stated at amortised costs or their carrying amounts which approximate their fair values  
F-233

--- Page 398 ---
110 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
d) MARKET RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) Interest rate risk (Continued) 
 
 
The table below summarises the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk. 
 
 
 
 
Up to 
1 to 6 
6 to 12 
1 to 5 
*Fixed interest 
*Non-interest 
 
At 31 December 2018: 
1 month 
Months 
months 
years 
Rate 
bearing 
Total 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with other banks  
902,029,451 
182,967,472 
4,625,219 
- 
- 
56,296,236 
1,145,918,378 
Other receivables 
- 
- 
- 
- 
914,339 
71,335,269 
72,249,608 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
54,042,940 
54,042,940 
Trade finance loans 
203,086,043 
781,557,716 
478,249,313 
- 
1,270,551,813 
- 
2,733,444,885 
Project finance loans 
72,530,429 
1,247,295,494 
- 
- 
109,732,871 
- 
1,429,558,794 
Equity Investments at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
51,521,730 
 
51,521,730 
Investment in Joint Venture 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
386,994 
386,994 
 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
__________ 
___________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial assets  
1,177,645,923 
2,211,820,682 
482,874,532 
- 
1,381,199,023 
233,583,169 
5,487,123,329 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings 
436,539,339 
1,628,889,926 
315,290,536 
- 
2,533,800 
- 
2,383,523,601 
Long term borrowings 
280,695,902 
801,334,166 
- 
- 
700,000,000 
- 
1,782,030,068 
Collection Accounts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
119,576,580 
119,576,580 
Other payables 
- 
- 
- 
- 
8,660,284 
64,147,059 
72,807,343 
 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
__________ 
___________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial liabilities 
717,235,241 
2,430,224,092 
315,290,536 
- 
711,194,084 
183,723,639 
4,357,667,592 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========== 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest rate exposure 
460,410,682 
(218,403,410) 
167,583,996 
- 
670,004,939 
49,859,530 
1,129,455,737 
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========== 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cumulative interest rate exposure 
460,410,682 
242,007,272 
409,591,268 
- 
1,079,596,207 
1,129,455,737 
1,129,455,737 
 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
========== 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
* Fixed interest and non-interest-bearing items are stated at amortised costs or their carrying amounts which approximate their fair values 
 
 
 
F-234

--- Page 399 ---
111 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)  
   
 
 
 
(d) MARKET RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) Interest rate risk (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate risk - Sensitivity analysis 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group monitors the impact that an immediate hypothetical increase or decrease in interest rates of 
100 basis points applied at the beginning of the year would have on net interest income. 
 
 
 
 
 
The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for non-
derivative instruments at year end.  The analysis was prepared using the following assumptions:  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  Interest-bearing assets and liabilities outstanding as at 31 December 2019 were outstanding at those 
levels for the whole year, 
 
-  Interest-bearing assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than USD experienced similar 
movements in interest rates, and 
 
-  All other variables are held constant. 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If interest rates had been 100 basis points higher or lower with the above assumptions applying, the 
Group's net profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 of USD 151,304,813 (2018: USD 129,325,392) 
would increase or decrease by USD 30,074,501 (2018 - USD 4,098,006) as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect on the Group’s Net Profit: 
 
 
The profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 would increase to USD 181,379,314 (2018: USD 
133,423,398) or decrease to USD 121,230,312 (2018: USD 125,227,386). 
 
 
 
The potential change is 19.9% (2018 – 3.2%) of the year's profit. 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Currency risk 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency risk is defined as the potential loss that could result from adverse changes in foreign exchange 
rates. Currency risks are minimised and, where possible, eliminated by requiring assets to be funded by 
liabilities that have matching currency characteristics. 
 
Foreign currency positions are monitored on a quarterly basis.  The single currency exposure, irrespective 
of short or long positions should not exceed the limit of 10% of the Group's net worth. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-235

--- Page 400 ---
112 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)  
  
 
 
 
 
d)   MARKET RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Currency Risk (Continued) 
 
The Group's financial assets and financial liabilities are reported in USD. 
 
The Group's currency position as at 31 December 2019 was as follows: 
 
USD 
GBP 
EURO 
KES 
SDG 
UGX 
AED 
MWK 
TZSH 
JPY 
OTHER 
TOTAL 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with 
other banks  
 1,122,492,237  
 16,750  
 129,319,511  
 1,491,533  
 34,098,184  
 5,369,665  
18,449,578  
59,262,988  
 6,282,296  
 
33,945 
5,293,894 
1,382,110,581  
Investment in Government 
securities 
 44,897,636  
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
44,897,636  
Investment in Trade Fund 
 49,996,989  
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
49,996,989  
Other receivables 
 1,725,697  
 -    
 70,000,000  
 -   
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
71,725,697  
Derivative Financial 
Investment 
 1,372,422,131  
 
(1,332,372,790)  
 -   
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
40,049,341  
Trade finance loans 
 1,747,553,603  
 -    
 1,117,613,318  
 -   
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
2,865,166,921  
Project finance loans 
 2,028,601,470  
 -    
 74,943,416  
 -   
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 2,792,697  
 -   
 -   
2,106,337,583  
Equity Investments at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income 
 51,135,850  
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
51,135,850  
Investment in joint Venture 
317,010  
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
317,010 
 
____________ 
______ 
____________ 
______ 
__________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial assets  
6,419,142,623  
16,750  
59,503,455  
1,491,533  
34,098,184  
5,369,665  
18,449,578  
59,262,988  
9,074,994  
33,945 
5,293,894 
6,611,737,608 
 
============ 
====== 
============ 
====== 
========== 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========= 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings 
 2,169,460,294  
 -    
 259,024,687  
 -   
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
36,763,016 
- 
2,465,247,997  
Long term borrowings 
 2,589,564,016 
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 1,964,882  
 -   
 -   
2,591,528,898  
Collection account 
 25,384  
 -    
 -   
 -   
 33,468,065  
 -    
 -   59,172,497  
 588,187  
 -   
 2,568,478  
95,822,611  
Other payables 
 138,406,239  
 -    
 -   
 131,356  
 -   
 -    
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 15,753  
138,553,348  
 
____________ 
______ 
____________ 
______ 
__________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
_________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial liabilities 
4,897,455,933  
-  
259,024,687  
131,356  
33,468,065  
-  
-  
59,172,497  
2,553,069  
36,763,016 
2,584,231 
5,291,152,854  
 
============ 
====== 
============ 
====== 
========== 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========= 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NET POSITION 
1,521,686,690  
16,750  
(199,521,232) 
1,360,177 
630,119 
5,369,665  
18,449,578  
90,491 
6,521,925  
(36,729,071) 
2,709,663 
1,320,584,754  
 
============ 
====== 
============ 
====== 
========== 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========= 
========= 
============ 
F-236

--- Page 401 ---
113 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
 
d) MARKET RISK (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) Currency Risk (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group's financial assets and financial liabilities are reported in USD. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group's currency position as at 31 December 2018 was as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
USD 
GBP 
EURO 
KES 
SDG 
UGX 
 
AED 
 
MWK 
TZSH 
OTHER 
TOTAL 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with 
other banks  
975,223,472 
17,258 
18,937,550 
5,038 
34,091,883 
4,632,245 
18,456,873 
85,631,536 
2,805,352 
6,117,171 
1,145,918,378 
Other receivables 
2,249,608 
- 
70,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
72,249,608 
Derivative Financial 
Investment 
1,088,955,690 
 
(1,034,912,750) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
54,042,940 
Trade finance loans 
1,591,736,052 
- 
1,141,708,833 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,733,444,885 
Project finance loans 
1,402,654,661 
- 
20,336,543 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6,567,590 
- 
1,429,558,794 
Equity Investments at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
51,521,730 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
51,521,730 
Investment in joint Venture 
386,994 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
386,994 
 
____________ 
______ 
____________ 
______ __________ _________ 
_________ 
_________ _________ 
________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial assets  
5,112,728,207 
17,258 
216,070,176 
5,038 
34,091,883 
4,632,245 
18,456,873 
85,631,536 
9,372,942 
6,117,171 
5,487,123,329 
 
============ 
====== 
============ 
====== ========== ========= 
========= 
========= ========= 
======== 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term borrowings 
2,285,474,141 
- 
97,779,460 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,383,253,601 
Long term borrowings 
1,777,327,209 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4,702,859 
- 
1,782,030,068 
Collection account 
205,749.05 
 
 
 
33,461,879 
 
 
85,519,973 
(587,232) 
976,211 
119,576,580 
Other payables 
72,649,235 
- 
- 
152,773 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5,335 
72,807,343 
 
____________ 
______ 
____________ 
______ __________ _________ 
_________ 
_________ _________ 
________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial liabilities 
4,135,656,334 
- 
97,779,460 
152,773 
33,461,879 
- 
- 
85,519,973 
4,115,627 
981,546 
4,357,667,592 
 
============ 
====== 
============ 
====== ========== ========= 
========= 
========= ========= 
======== 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NET POSITION 
977,071,873 
17,258 
118,290,716 
(147,735) 
630,004 
4,632,245 
18,456,873 
111,563 
5,257,315 
5,135,625 
1,129,455,737 
 
============ 
====== 
============ 
====== ========== ========= 
========= 
========= ========= 
======== 
============ 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)  
  
 
 
 
F-237

--- Page 402 ---
114 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
43. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)  
   
 
 
 
d)      MARKET RISK (Continued) 
 
(iii) Currency Risk (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency risk - Sensitivity Analysis 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group is mainly exposed to Euros, Pound Sterling, Kenya Shillings, Tanzania Shillings, Sudanese 
Pounds, and Uganda Shilling. The following analysis details the Group’s sensitivity to a 10% increase and 
decrease in the value of the USD against the other currencies.  10% is the sensitivity rate used when 
reporting foreign currency risk internally and represents management's assessment of the reasonably 
possible change in foreign exchange rates.  The sensitivity analysis includes cash and term deposits, 
securities, loans and borrowings in currencies other than United States Dollars. A positive number below 
indicates a decrease in profit and reserves when the USD strengthens by 10% against the other currencies 
in which the Group has a net asset position.  For a 10% weakening of the USD against the relevant 
currencies, there would be an equal opposite impact on the net profit. 
The Group has operations in and lends to customers in Zimbabwe but all the transactions are made in 
USD. 
 
 
 
GBP 
 
EURO 
 
KES 
 
TSH 
 
AED 
 
SDG 
 
UGX 
 
JPY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2,058 
(19,601,775) 
(270) 
286 
502,316 
1,324 
8,820 
(87,560) 
 
====== 
========== 
====== 
==== 
====== 
===== 
====== 
======= 
2018 
2,291 
10,778,941 
(1,110) 
230 
502,451 
2,135 
(11,150) 
- 
 
===== 
========== 
====== 
==== 
======= 
====== 
======= 
====== 
 
44. 
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group, being a supranational financial institution, is not subject to any regulatory supervision by a national 
body.  The conduct of operations is vested with the Board of Directors which closely monitors directly or through 
its Audit Committee the Group’s performance, risk profile and capital adequacy. 
Based on the need to protect against increased credit risks associated with projects and infrastructure financing 
in developing African economies, the Group’s capital management policy aims to maintain a capital adequacy 
ratio of at least 30 per cent.  This ratio is computed in line with recommendations of the paper prepared by the 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision entitled “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and 
Capital Standards” dated July 1988 as amended from time to time (Basel I paper) and the paper prepared by the 
Basel Committee entitled “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Standards: A Revised 
Framework” dated June 2004 as amended from time to time (Basel II Paper).  
The Group's objectives when managing capital, which is a broader concept than the 'equity' on the face of the 
statement of financial position, are: 
 
 
• To have sufficient capital to support its development mandate; 
 
• To safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern so that it can continue to provide returns to 
shareholders and benefits to Member States and other stakeholders; and  
 
 
• To maintain a strong capital base to support the development of its business. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital adequacy is monitored monthly by the Group's management, employing techniques based on the 
guidelines developed by the Basel Committee.  Currently, the Group's capital is entirely Tier 1 capital which is: 
Paid-up share capital, retained earnings and other reserves. 
 
 
 
F-238

--- Page 403 ---
115 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
44. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
 
Risk-weighted assets are measured by means of a hierarchy of seven risk weights classified to reflect an 
estimate of credit, market and other risks associated with each asset and counterparty, taking into account 
any eligible collateral or guarantees. A similar treatment is adopted for off-statement of financial position 
exposure, with some adjustments to reflect the more contingent nature of the potential losses. 
 
 
 
 
 
A summary of the Group’s capital adequacy computations is provided below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
    USD 
USD 
RISK WEIGHTED ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
On-Statement of financial position assets 
 3,747,696,334  
3,336,944,081 
Off- Statement of financial position assets 
 100,013,828  
32,334,648 
 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
Total risk weighted assets 
3,847,710,162 
3,369,278,729 
 
============ 
============ 
CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
Paid up capital 
 499,107,472  
461,742,558 
Retained earnings and reserves 
 890,707,157  
730,283,193 
 
____________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
Total capital 
1,389,814,629 
1,192,025,751 
 
============ 
============ 
 
 
 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIO     
36.1% 
35.4% 
 
============ 
============ 
 
In addition to its paid-up capital, the Group has access to additional capital in the form of callable capital. 
During the years, the Group complied with its capital adequacy requirements. There were no events after the 
reporting date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-239

--- Page 404 ---
116 
 
 
The table below sets out the Group’s analysis of financial instrument categories. 
 
As at 31 December 2019: 
Amortised Cost 
At fair value through 
profit or loss 
At fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income 
Total carrying amount 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
Financial assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances held with banks 
 1,382,110,581  
 -   
 -   
 1,382,110,581  
Investment in Government securities 
44,897,636   
-  
 -   
 44,897,636  
Investment in Trade Fund 
- 
-  
49,996,989 
 49,996,989  
Other receivables 
 71,725,697  
 -   
 -   
 71,725,697  
Trade finance loans 
 2,865,166,921  
 -   
 -   
 2,865,166,921  
Project finance loans 
 2,106,337,583  
 -   
 -   
 2,106,337,583  
Equity investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
 -   
 -   
 51,135,850  
 51,135,850  
Investment in joint ventures 
-   
 -   
317,010  
317,010 
Derivative financial instruments 
 -   
 40,049,341  
 -   
 40,049,341  
 
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial assets 
6,470,238,418 
 40,049,341 
101,449,849 
6,611,737,608 
 
============ 
========== 
========== 
============ 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Collection account deposits  
 95,822,611  
- 
- 
 95,822,611  
Short term borrowings 
 2,465,247,997  
- 
- 
 2,465,247,997  
Long term borrowings 
 2,591,528,898  
                          - 
                          - 
 2,591,528,898  
Other payables 
138,732,787 
                          - 
                          - 
138,732,787 
  
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial liabilities 
 5,291,332,293 
 -   
 -   
 5,291,332,293 
 
============ 
========== 
========== 
============ 
 
Note: The classification as at 31 December 2019 is based on IFRS 9. 
There are no assets pledged as security for liabilities. 
 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
45. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS CATEGORIES 
 
 
 
F-240

--- Page 405 ---
117 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
45. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS CATEGORIES (Continued) 
 
 
 
 
The table below sets out the Group’s analysis of financial instrument categories. 
 
As at 31 December 2018: 
Amortised Cost 
At fair value through 
profit or loss 
At fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income 
Total carrying amount 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
Financial assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances held with banks 
1,145,918,378 
- 
- 
1,145,918,378 
Other receivables 
72,249,608 
- 
- 
72,249,608 
Trade finance loans 
2,733,444,885 
- 
- 
2,733,444,885 
Project finance loans 
1,429,558,794 
- 
- 
1,429,558,794 
Equity investments at fair value through  
other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
 
51,521,730 
51,521,730 
Investment in joint ventures 
- 
- 
386,994 
386,994 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
54,042,940 
- 
54,042,940 
 
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial assets 
5,381,171,665 
54,042,940 
51,908,724 
5,487,123,329 
 
============ 
========== 
========== 
============ 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Collection account deposits  
119,576,580 
- 
- 
119,576,580 
Short term borrowings 
2,383,253,601 
- 
- 
2,383,253,601 
Long term borrowings 
1,782,030,068 
- 
- 
1,782,030,068 
Other payables 
72,807,343 
- 
- 
72,807,343 
  
____________ 
__________ 
__________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial liabilities 
4,357,667,592 
- 
- 
4,357,667,592 
 
============ 
========== 
========== 
============ 
 
Note: The classification as at 31 December 2018 is based on IFRS 9. 
 
There are no assets pledged as security for liabilities. 
 
 
 
F-241

--- Page 406 ---
118 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
46. TRADE FINANCE LOAN PORTFOLIO 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2018 
  
  
Amounts 
Amounts 
  
Amounts 
Amounts 
Balance 
due within 
due after 
Balance 
due within 
due after 
Country 
outstanding 
six months 
six months 
outstanding 
six months 
six months 
  
  USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
  
Congo DRC 
 669,476  
 336,141  
 333,335  
10,053,966 
53,966 
10,000,000 
Djibouti 
 5,888,470  
 3,745,968  
 2,142,501  
5,338,371 
29,200 
5,309,171 
Egypt 
 29,529,122  
 29,529,122  
 -   
29,529,122 
29,529,122 
- 
Ethiopia 
 163,602,340  
 163,602,340  
 -   
110,056,653 
31,343,679 
78,712,974 
Eswatini 
7,029,752 
7,029,752 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Kenya 
 43,994,735  
 36,709,434  
 7,285,300  
30,493,663 
980,363 
29,513,300 
Malawi 
 488,200,928  
 383,602,428  
 104,598,500  
439,317,346 
173,701,598 
265,615,748 
Mauritius 
 4,995,515  
 4,995,515  
 -   
10,852,025 
10,852,025 
- 
Rwanda 
 2,369,700  
 2,369,700  
 -   
196,309,241 
1,309,241 
195,000,000 
Seychelles 
 196,697,214  
 165,197,214  
 31,500,000  
- 
- 
- 
Sudan 
 619,002,822  
 201,880,534  
 417,122,288  
611,176,960 
138,770,894 
472,406,066 
Tanzania 
 155,836,721  
 151,797,109  
 4,039,612  
179,263,850 
113,323,337 
65,940,513 
Uganda 
 48,917,843  
 45,372,215  
 3,545,628  
78,938,128 
37,321,450 
41,616,678 
Zambia 
 692,267,632  
 358,105,878  
 334,161,755  
670,633,392 
134,633,392 
536,000,000 
Zimbabwe 
 476,644,026  
 19,630,440  
 457,013,586 
441,435,129 
12,430,788 
429,004,341 
 
____________ 
___________ 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross Loans 
2,935,646,296 
1,573,903,790 
1,361,742,505 
2,813,397,846 
684,279,055 
2,129,118,791 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Less:  Impairment on trade finance loans (Note 18) 
(70,479,375) 
- 
(70,479,375) 
(79,952,961) 
- 
(79,952,961) 
 
____________ 
___________ 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NET LOANS 
2,865,166,921 
1,573,903,790 
1,291,263,130 
2,733,444,885 
684,279,055 
2,049,165,830 
 
============ 
=========== 
============ 
============ 
=========== 
============ 
 
 
 
 
F-242

--- Page 407 ---
119 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
47. PROJECT LOAN PORTFOLIO 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2018 
Amounts 
Interest 
Amounts 
Interest 
Balance 
Due within 
Due after 
Balance 
Due within 
Due after 
Country 
Disbursed 
Capitalized 
Repaid 
Receivable 
Outstanding 
One year 
One year 
Outstanding 
One year 
One year 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
 
 
 
Burundi 
26,176,875 
 1,192,186  
(15,253,149) 
 1,517,693  
 13,633,604  
 6,242,983  
7,390,621 
13,102,482 
4,788,604 
8,313,878 
Comoros 
12,848,585 
 -   
(168,111) 
 88,722  
 12,769,196  
 11,343,852  
1,425,344 
 
 
 
Congo DRC 
44,200,000 
 -   
(2,946,666) 
 2,328,279  
 43,581,612  
 38,306,667  
5,274,945 
2,904,168 
2,388,540 
41,253,333 
Djibouti 
4,500,000 
 1,213,337  
(2,878,337) 
 216,288  
 3,051,288  
 1,594,688  
 1,456,600  
43,641,874 
600,730 
2,303,438 
Eritrea 
403,652 
 -   
(403,652) 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
- 
- 
- 
Ethiopia 
162,536,049 
 10,343,409  
(49,973,662) 
 3,662,643  
 126,568,438  
 103,788,562  
22,779,876 
74,127,827 
5,466,504 
68,661,323 
Kenya 
1,032,539,929 
 50,692,748  
(393,942,167) 
 27,601,573  
 716,892,082  
 635,415,710  
81,476,372 
627,132,014 
67,539,019 
559,592,995 
Malawi 
60,793,337 
 2,920  
(60,796,257) 
 -   
 -   
 -   
0 
- 
- 
- 
Mauritius 
138,914,516 
 -   
(12,499,446) 
 2,408,350  
 128,823,420  
 8,567,221  
120,256,199 
128,085,915 
19,892,107 
108,193,807 
Mozambique 
33,527,477 
 -   
(1,653,059) 
 115,953  
 31,990,370  
 31,874,418  
115,953 
4,736,869 
70,619 
4,666,250 
Rwanda 
383,920,506 
 3,612,691  
(140,965,446) 
 3,381,350  
 249,949,102  
 205,992,905  
43,956,197 
264,003,335 
33,772,051 
230,231,284 
Seychelles 
96,305,258 
 -   
(41,364,276) 
 993,678  
 55,934,659  
 52,690,941  
3,243,718 
4,318,402 
1,363,856 
2,954,546 
Sudan 
45,106,625 
 17,056,064  
(25,392,904) 
3,181,091 
 39,950,876  
 36,769,785  
3,181,091 
37,014,916 
245,132 
36,769,784 
Tanzania 
717,758,972 
 682,910  
(192,288,821) 
 1,193,082  
 527,346,143  
 464,852,730  
62,493,414 
43,413,688 
11,762,367 
31,651,321 
Uganda 
268,865,598 
 6,103,522  
(171,061,078) 
 7,511,429  
 111,419,472  
 86,757,998  
24,661,474 
88,002,986 
23,749,363 
64,253,624 
Zambia 
131,225,915 
 25,086,069  
(144,610,011) 
 -   
 11,701,973  
 
11,701,973 
16,190,988 
7,601,691 
8,589,297 
Zimbabwe 
324,592,237 
 709,655  
(252,292,872) 
 374,297  
 73,383,321  
 38,224,796  
35,158,523 
113,242,854 
42,434,812 
70,808,043 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
____________ 
__________ 
_____________ 
__________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross loans 
3,484,215,531 
116,695,511 
(1,508,489,914) 
54,574,428 
2,146,995,556 
1,722,423,256 
424,572,300 
1,459,918,318 
221,675,395 
1,238,242,923 
============ 
========== 
============ 
========== 
============ 
============ 
============ 
============ 
========== 
============ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Less: Impairment on project loans (note 18) 
 
 
(40,657,973) 
- 
(40,657,973) 
(30,359,524) 
- 
(30,359,524) 
 
 
 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
____________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NET LOANS 
 
 
 
 
2,106,337,583 
1,722,423,256 
383,914,327 
1,429,558,794 
221,675,395 
1,238,242,923 
 
 
 
 
 
============ 
========== 
============ 
=========== 
=========== 
============ 
F-243

--- Page 408 ---
120 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019: 
Instalments 
Instalments 
Callable 
Payable 
due as at 
paid as at 
Shares 
Percentage 
Value 
capital 
Capital 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2019 
Class ‘A’ shares 
Subscribed 
of total 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
Belarus 
 1,232  
1.44 
 27,925,744  
 22,340,595  
 5,585,149  
 5,585,149  
 5,585,149  
Burundi 
 1,646  
1.92 
 37,309,882  
 29,847,906  
 7,461,976  
 7,461,976  
 7,461,976  
China 
 4,555  
5.32 
 103,248,185  
 82,598,548  
 20,649,637  
 20,649,637  
 20,649,637  
Comoros 
 178  
0.21 
 4,034,726  
 3,227,781  
 806,945  
 806,945  
 806,945  
Djibouti 
 390  
0.46 
 8,840,130  
 7,072,104  
 1,768,026  
 1,768,026 
 1,768,026 
Congo DRC 
 5,757  
6.72 
 130,493,919  
 104,395,135  
 26,098,784  
 26,098,784  
 26,098,784  
Egypt 
 7,154  
8.35 
 162,159,718  
 129,727,774  
 32,431,944  
 32,431,944  
 32,431,943  
Eritrea 
 240  
0.28 
 5,440,080  
 4,352,064  
 1,088,016  
 1,088,016  
 758,736  
eSwatini 
 447  
0.52 
 10,132,149  
 8,105,719  
 2,026,430  
 1,625,677  
 1,224,925  
Ethiopia 
 8,257  
9.64 
 187,161,419  
 149,729,135  
 37,432,284  
 33,432,012  
 33,432,011  
Kenya 
 6,964  
8.13 
 157,852,988  
 126,282,390  
 31,570,598  
 31,570,598  
 31,570,598  
Madagascar 
 443  
0.52 
 10,041,481  
 8,033,185  
 2,008,296  
 806,039  
 806,039  
Malawi 
 1,768  
2.06 
40,075,256  
 32,060,205  
8,015,051  
8,015,051 
8,015,051 
Mauritius 
 3,383  
3.95 
 76,682,461  
 61,345,969  
 15,336,492  
 15,336,492  
 15,336,492  
Mozambique  
 2,277  
2.66 
 51,612,759  
 41,290,207  
 10,322,552  
 8,329,257  
 8,329,257  
Rwanda 
 4,217  
4.92 
 95,586,739  
 76,469,391  
 19,117,348  
 11,116,805  
 11,116,605  
Seychelles 
 361  
0.42 
 8,182,787  
 6,546,230  
 1,636,557  
 1,636,557  
 1,636,557  
Somalia 
 318  
0.37 
 7,208,106  
 5,766,485  
 1,441,621  
 1,441,621  
 1,005,326  
South Sudan 
 2,270  
2.65 
 51,454,090  
 41,163,272  
 10,290,818  
 10,290,818  
 10,290,818  
Sudan 
 5,277  
6.16 
 119,613,759  
 95,691,007  
 23,922,752  
 23,922,752  
 23,922,752  
Tanzania 
6,757 
7.89 
153,160,919 
122,528,735 
  30,632,184 
30,632,184 
30,632,184 
Uganda 
 5,286  
6.17 
 119,817,762  
 95,854,210  
 23,963,552  
 23,963,552  
 23,951,313  
Zambia 
6,154  
7.18 
 139,492,720  
 111,594,175  
 27,898,545  
 27,898,545 
 27,898,545 
Zimbabwe 
 6,337  
7.40 
 143,640,779  
 114,912,623  
 28,728,156  
 28,728,156  
 28,728,156  
African Development Bank 
 4,018  
4.69 
 91,076,006  
 72,860,805  
 18,215,201  
 18,215,201  
 18,215,201  
______ 
____ 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
85,686 
100 
1,942,244,564 
1,553,795,650 
388,448,914 
372,851,794 
371,673,026 
 
====== 
==== 
============ 
============ 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB – formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
48. 
STATEMENT OF SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE CAPITAL STOCK  
F-244

--- Page 409 ---
121 
 
 
Number 
Percentage 
Payable Instalments due 
Paid up 
Share 
Total 
Class ‘B’ shares 
of shares 
of total 
capital 
as at year end 
capital 
premium 
paid 
 
 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
As at 31December 2019: 
 
Total Shares Issued 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
African Economic Research Consortium 
 175  
0.62 
 793,349  
 793,349  
 793,349  
 1,212,676  
 2,006,025  
African Development Bank  
 5,733  
20.39 
 25,990,099  
 25,990,099  
 25,990,099  
 19,013,101  
 45,003,200  
Africa Reinsurance Corporation 
 780  
2.77 
 3,536,068  
 3,536,068  
 3,536,068  
 1,832,411  
 5,368,479  
Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa 
 960  
3.42 
 4,352,084  
 4,352,084  
 4,352,084  
 5,649,196  
 10,001,280  
Banco Nacional de Investmento 
 888  
3.16 
 4,025,677  
 4,025,677  
 4,025,677  
 1,488,038  
 5,513,715  
Investment Fund for Developing Countries 
 1,745  
6.21 
 7,910,819  
 7,910,819  
 7,910,819  
 11,891,474  
 19,802,293  
Mauritian Eagle Insurance Company Limited 
 270  
0.96 
 1,224,024  
 1,224,024  
 1,224,024  
 395,976  
 1,620,000  
National Pension Fund–Mauritius 
 1,787  
6.36 
 8,101,222  
 8,101,222  
 8,101,222  
 2,973,564  
 11,074,786  
National Social Security Fund Uganda 
 3,047  
10.84 
 13,813,332  
 13,813,332  
 13,813,332  
 12,942,723  
 26,756,055  
OPEC Fund for International Development  
 2,054  
7.31 
 9,311,645  
 9,311,645  
 9,311,645  
 10,688,153  
 19,999,798  
People's Republic of China 
 3,556  
12.65 
 16,120,843  
 16,120,843  
 16,120,843  
 5,976,999  
 22,097,842  
Rwanda Social Security Board 
 3,500  
12.45 
 15,866,971  
 15,866,971  
 15,866,971  
 10,900,923  
 26,767,894  
Sacos Group Limited 
 124  
0.44 
 562,144  
 562,144  
 562,144  
 475,093  
 1,037,237  
Seychelles Pension Fund 
 1,029  
3.66 
 4,664,890  
 4,664,890  
 4,664,890  
 2,343,654  
 7,008,544  
TDB Directors and Select Stakeholders 
Provident Fund 
 107  
0.38 
 485,076  
 485,076  
 485,076  
 190,584  
 675,660  
TDB Staff Provident Fund 
 1,521  
5.41 
 6,895,330  
 6,895,330  
 6,895,330  
 2,511,356  
 9,406,686  
ZEP-RE (PTA Reinsurance Company) 
 834  
2.97 
 3,780,873  
 3,780,873  
 3,780,873  
 1,223,127  
 5,004,000  
 
______ 
____ 
____________ 
___________ 
___________ 
__________ 
__________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 28,110  
100 
 127,434,446  
 127,434,446  
 127,434,446  
 91,709,048  
 219,143,494  
 
====== 
==== 
============ 
=========== 
=========== 
========== 
=========== 
 
Class ‘B’ shares were first issued in 2013 following approval by the Board of Governors in December 2012 to increase the Group’s authorized capital from USD 2.0 
billion to USD 3.0 billion. This increase was achieved through the creation of new class ‘B’ shares of par value of USD 4,533.420375 each. Class ‘B’ shares do not 
have a callable portion and are payable at once. 
 
 
 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
48. STATEMENT OF SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE CAPITAL STOCK (Continued) 
F-245

--- Page 410 ---
122 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
48. STATEMENT OF SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE CAPITAL STOCK (Continued) 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018: 
Instalments 
Instalments 
Callable 
Payable 
due as at 
paid as at 
Shares 
Percentage 
Value 
capital 
Capital 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2019 
Class ‘A’ shares 
Subscribed 
of total 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
Belarus 
1,205 
1.49 
 27,313,735  
 21,850,988  
 5,462,747  
 5,462,747  
 5,462,747  
Burundi 
1,602 
1.98 
 36,312,534  
 29,050,027  
 7,262,507  
 7,262,507  
 7,262,507  
China 
4,433 
5.48 
100,482,811 
80,386,249 
20,096,562 
20,096,562 
20,096,562 
Comoros 
173 
0.21 
3,921,391 
3,137,113 
784,278 
784,278 
784,278 
Djibouti 
380 
0.47 
8,613,460 
6,890,768 
1,722,692 
1,722,692 
1,722,692 
Congo DRC 
5,607 
6.93 
127,093,869 
101,675,095 
25,418,774 
25,418,774 
25,418,774 
Egypt 
6,962 
8.61 
157,807,654 
126,246,123 
31,561,531 
31,561,531 
31,561,531 
Eritrea 
240 
0.30 
5,440,080 
4,352,064 
1,088,016 
1,088,016 
709,306 
Ethiopia 
6,962 
8.61 
157,807,654 
126,246,123 
31,561,531 
31,561,531 
31,561,531 
Kenya 
6,962 
8.61 
157,807,654 
126,246,123 
31,561,531 
31,561,531 
31,561,531 
Madagascar 
442 
0.55 
10,018,814 
8,015,051 
2,003,763 
400,753 
400,753 
Malawi 
1,721 
2.13 
39,009,907 
31,207,926 
7,801,981 
7,801,981 
7,801,981 
Mauritius 
3,293 
4.07 
74,642,431 
59,713,945 
14,928,486 
14,928,486 
14,928,486 
Mozambique  
2,252 
2.78 
51,046,084 
40,836,869 
10,209,215 
6,208,944 
4,208,806 
Rwanda 
1,957 
2.42 
44,359,319 
35,487,455 
8,871,864 
8,871,864 
8,871,864 
Seychelles 
351 
0.43 
7,956,117 
6,364,894 
1,591,223 
1,591,223 
1,591,223 
Somalia 
318 
0.39 
7,208,106 
5,766,485 
1,441,621 
1,441,621 
939,830 
South Sudan 
2,209 
2.73 
50,071,403 
40,057,122 
10,014,281 
10,014,281 
10,014,281 
Sudan 
5,277 
6.52 
119,613,759 
95,691,007 
23,922,752 
23,922,752 
23,922,752 
eSwatini 
444 
0.55 
10,064,148 
8,051,318 
2,012,830 
1,211,324 
810,572 
Tanzania 
6,735 
8.33 
152,662,245 
122,129,796 
30,532,449 
30,532,449 
30,532,449 
Uganda 
5,129 
6.34 
116,259,043 
93,007,234 
23,251,809 
23,251,809 
23,251,809 
Zambia 
5,989 
7.40 
135,752,663 
108,602,130 
27,150,533 
27,150,533 
27,150,533 
Zimbabwe 
6,337 
7.83 
143,640,779 
114,912,623 
28,728,156 
28,728,156 
28,728,156 
African Development Bank 
3,911 
4.83 
88,650,637 
70,920,510 
17,730,127 
17,730,127 
17,730,127 
______ 
____ 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
___________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
80,891 
100 
1,833,556,297 
1,466,845,038 
366,711,259 
360,306,472 
357,025,081 
 
====== 
==== 
============ 
============ 
=========== 
=========== 
=========== 
 
 
F-246

--- Page 411 ---
123 
 
 
Number 
Percentage 
Payable Instalments due 
Paid up 
Share 
Total 
Class ‘B’ shares 
of shares 
of total 
capital 
as at year end 
capital 
premium 
paid 
 
 
 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
USD 
As at 31December 2018: 
 
Total Shares Issued 
220,584 
100% 
1,000,000,000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
African Development Bank  
3,333 
14.43 
15,109,890 
15,109,890 
15,109,890 
4,890,110 
20,000,000 
Africa Reinsurance Corporation 
780 
3.38 
3,536,068 
3,536,068 
3,536,068 
1,832,411 
5,368,479 
BADEA – Arab Bank for Economic Development 
in Africa 
960 
4.16 
4,352,084 
4,352,084 
4,352,084 
5,649,196 
10,001,280 
Banco Nacional de Investmento 
888 
3.84 
4,025,677 
4,025,677 
4,025,677 
1,488,038 
5,513,715 
Mauritian Eagle Insurance Company Limited 
270 
1.17 
1,224,024 
1,224,024 
1,224,024 
395,976 
1,620,000 
National Pension Fund–Mauritius 
1,787 
7.74 
8,101,222 
8,101,222 
8,101,222 
2,973,564 
11,074,786 
National Social Security Fund Uganda 
2,966 
12.84 
13,446,125 
13,446,125 
13,446,125 
12,381,427 
25,827,552 
OPEC Fund for International Development 
(OFID) 
2,054 
8.89 
9,311,645 
9,311,645 
9,311,645 
10,688,153 
19,999,798 
People's Republic of China 
3,556 
15.39 
16,120,843 
16,120,843 
16,120,843 
5,976,999 
22,097,842 
Rwanda Social Security Board 
3,066 
13.27 
13,899,467 
13,899,467 
13,899,467 
7,893,485 
21,792,952 
Sacos Group Limited 
121 
0.52 
548,544 
548,544 
548,544 
454,304 
1,002,848 
Seychelles Pension Fund 
1,029 
4.45 
4,664,890 
4,664,890 
4,664,890 
2,343,654 
7,008,544 
TDB Directors and Select Stakeholders 
Provident Fund 
87 
0.38 
394,408 
394,408 
394,408 
145,292 
539,700 
TDB Staff Provident Fund 
1,368 
5.92 
6,201,717 
6,201,717 
6,201,717 
2,164,875 
8,366,592 
ZEP-RE (PTA Reinsurance Company) 
834 
3.61 
3,780,873 
3,780,873 
3,780,873 
1,223,127 
5,004,000 
 
______ 
____ 
____________ 
____________ 
___________ 
__________ 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23,099 
100 
104,717,477 
104,717,477 
104,717,477 
60,500,611 
165,218,088 
 
====== 
==== 
============ 
============ 
=========== 
========== 
=========== 
 
 
 
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICAN TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB - formerly PTA Bank) 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
48. STATEMENT OF SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE CAPITAL STOCK (Continued) 
F-247

--- Page 412 ---
F-248

--- Page 413 ---
F-249

--- Page 414 ---
F-250

--- Page 415 ---
F-251

--- Page 416 ---
F-252

--- Page 417 ---
F-253

--- Page 418 ---
F-254

--- Page 419 ---
F-255

--- Page 420 ---
F-256

--- Page 421 ---
F-257

--- Page 422 ---
F-258

--- Page 423 ---
F-259

--- Page 424 ---
F-260

--- Page 425 ---
F-261

--- Page 426 ---
F-262

--- Page 427 ---
F-263

--- Page 428 ---
F-264

--- Page 429 ---
F-265

--- Page 430 ---
F-266

--- Page 431 ---
F-267

--- Page 432 ---
F-268

--- Page 433 ---
F-269

--- Page 434 ---
F-270

--- Page 435 ---
F-271

--- Page 436 ---
F-272

--- Page 437 ---
F-273

--- Page 438 ---
F-274

--- Page 439 ---
F-275

--- Page 440 ---
F-276

--- Page 441 ---
F-277

--- Page 442 ---
F-278

--- Page 443 ---
F-279

--- Page 444 ---
F-280

--- Page 445 ---
F-281

--- Page 446 ---
F-282

--- Page 447 ---
F-283

--- Page 448 ---
F-284

--- Page 449 ---
F-285

--- Page 450 ---
F-286

--- Page 451 ---
F-287

--- Page 452 ---
F-288

--- Page 453 ---
F-289

--- Page 454 ---
F-290

--- Page 455 ---
F-291

--- Page 456 ---
F-292

--- Page 457 ---
F-293

--- Page 458 ---
F-294

--- Page 459 ---
F-295

--- Page 460 ---
F-296

--- Page 461 ---
F-297

--- Page 462 ---
F-298

--- Page 463 ---
F-299

--- Page 464 ---
F-300

--- Page 465 ---
F-301

--- Page 466 ---
F-302

--- Page 467 ---
F-303

--- Page 468 ---
F-304

--- Page 469 ---
F-305

--- Page 470 ---
F-306

--- Page 471 ---
F-307

--- Page 472 ---
F-308

--- Page 473 ---
F-309

--- Page 474 ---
F-310

--- Page 475 ---
F-311

--- Page 476 ---
F-312

--- Page 477 ---
F-313

--- Page 478 ---
F-314

--- Page 479 ---
F-315

--- Page 480 ---
F-316

--- Page 481 ---
F-317

--- Page 482 ---
F-318

--- Page 483 ---
F-319

--- Page 484 ---
F-320

--- Page 485 ---
F-321

--- Page 486 ---
F-322

--- Page 487 ---
F-323

--- Page 488 ---
F-324

--- Page 489 ---
F-325

--- Page 490 ---
F-326

--- Page 491 ---
F-327

--- Page 492 ---
F-328

--- Page 493 ---
F-329

--- Page 494 ---
F-330

--- Page 495 ---
F-331

--- Page 496 ---
F-332

--- Page 497 ---
F-333

--- Page 498 ---
F-334

--- Page 499 ---
F-335

--- Page 500 ---
F-336

--- Page 501 ---
F-337

--- Page 502 ---
F-338

--- Page 503 ---
F-339

--- Page 504 ---
F-340

--- Page 505 ---
F-341

--- Page 506 ---
F-342

--- Page 507 ---
F-343

--- Page 508 ---
F-344

--- Page 509 ---
F-345

--- Page 510 ---
F-346

--- Page 511 ---
F-347

--- Page 512 ---
F-348

--- Page 513 ---
F-349

--- Page 514 ---
F-350

--- Page 515 ---
F-351

--- Page 516 ---
F-352

--- Page 517 ---
F-353

--- Page 518 ---
F-354

--- Page 519 ---
F-355

--- Page 520 ---
F-356

--- Page 521 ---
F-357

--- Page 522 ---
F-358

--- Page 523 ---
F-359

--- Page 524 ---
F-360

--- Page 525 ---
F-361

--- Page 526 ---
F-362

--- Page 527 ---
F-363

--- Page 528 ---
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Eastern and Southern African Trade and Development Bank 
2nd Floor Blue Tower, 
Rue de l'Institut, Ebene, 
Mauritius 
197 Lenana Place, 
Lenana Road 
P. O. Box 48596-00100 
Nairobi 
Kenya 
Arrangers and Dealers 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
  
Commerzbank  
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
United Kingdom 
SMBC Nikko Capital 
Markets Limited 
One New Change 
London EC4M 9AF 
United Kingdom 
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
Trustee 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited  
Citigroup Centre 
25 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Issuing and Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent 
Citibank N.A., London Branch  
Citigroup Centre 
25 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 529 ---
Registrar 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
5th Floor Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Deloitte & Touche 
Deloitte Place 
Waiyaki Way, Muthangari 
P. O. Box 40092 
GPO 00100, Nairobi 
Republic of Kenya 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer in respect of English law 
To the Issuer in respect of the laws of Kenya 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Anjarwalla & Khanna Advocates 
ALN House, Eldama Ravine Gardens 
Westlands 
P.O. Box 200-00606 
Sarit Centre 
Nairobi 
Republic of Kenya 
To the Arranger and Dealers and the Trustee in respect of English law 
Baker & McKenzie LLP 
100 New Bridge Street 
London EC4V 6JA 
United Kingdom