--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
20 January 2022 
This document constitutes the base prospectus for the purpose of article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 as amended or superseded (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"), of thyssenkrupp AG in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of article 2 (c) of the 
Prospectus Regulation ("Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus" or the "Prospectus"). 
 
thyssenkrupp AG 
(Duisburg and Essen, Federal Republic of Germany) 
€ 10,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the "Programme") 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list notes to be issued under the Programme 
(the "Notes") on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the Regulated 
Market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market (the "Regulated Market") 
is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFiD II"). Notes issued under the Programme 
may not be listed at all. This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities, as 
amended (Loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières - "Luxembourg Prospectus Law") and provided to 
the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany, The Netherlands and the Republic of Austria with 
a certificate of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation (each a "Notification"). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in 
additional Member States within the European Economic Area ("EEA") with a Notification.  
The CSSF has only approved this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Neither does the 
CSSF give any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer pursuant to article 6(4) Luxembourg Prospectus Law by approving this Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
BayernLB 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
UniCredit 
This Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference will be published in electronic form on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). This Prospectus is valid until 20 January 2023. This 
Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates 
of issue. There is no obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies when this Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes (as defined herein) is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Prospectus and the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to 
such Tranche.  
thyssenkrupp AG, with its registered offices in Duisburg and Essen and its headquarters at thyssenkrupp Allee 1, 
45143 Essen, Federal Republic of Germany ("thyssenkrupp AG", the "Company" or the "Issuer" and, together 
with all of its affiliated companies within the meaning of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), the 
"thyssenkrupp Group", "thyssenkrupp" or the "Group") has confirmed to the Arranger (as defined herein) and to 
the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Prospectus contains to the best of its knowledge all information which is 
material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder, that the information 
contained herein is accurate in all material respects and is not misleading, that the opinions and intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held and that there are no other facts the omission of which would make this 
Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading. 
To the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction neither the Arranger nor any Dealer accepts any 
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or any 
supplement hereof, or any other document incorporated by reference nor for the information contained in any 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to publish a supplement to this Prospectus or to publish a new 
Prospectus if and when information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete or in the event of 
any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and, where approval by the CSSF of any 
such document is required, upon such approval having been given. 
No person has been authorized by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any of them. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in 
any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Prospectus is accurate and 
complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
situation of the Issuer since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final Terms come 
are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For 
a description of certain restrictions applicable in the United States of America, the EEA in general, the United 
Kingdom ("UK"), Japan, Singapore and Switzerland see "Selling Restrictions" on pages 177 to 181 of this 
Prospectus. 
In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States and are being sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. The Notes are subject to tax law requirements of the United States of America. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). For 
further information, see "Selling Restrictions – United States of America". 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended 
or superseded (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. If the above mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 as amended or superseded ("PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended or superseded ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. If the above mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended or superseded as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
This Prospectus may be used for subsequent offers by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries only insofar 
as and for the period so specified in the Final Terms for the relevant series of Notes (each a "Series"). 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Any part of this Prospectus in the German language constitutes a 
translation. In respect of the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the German text of the Terms 
and Conditions may be controlling and binding if so specified in the Final Terms. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to 
make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that 
any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilizing 
manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilizing manager(s) (the "Stabilizing Managers")) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilization or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilizing Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilizing Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
In this Prospectus all references to "€", "EUR", "Euro", "euro" and "EURO" are to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union, and as defined in article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, and all references to 
"U.S dollars" and "U.S. $" are to lawful currency of the United States of America. 
Any descriptions or references to business figures or developments refer to the fiscal year 2020/2021, unless 
specified otherwise. 
The information on any website referred to in this Prospectus are referred to for information purposes only, do 
not form part of this Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that 
do not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on the analyses or forecasts of future results and 
estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by 
the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", 
"plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This 
applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future earnings capacity, plans 
and expectations regarding the Issuer's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general 
economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. Forward-looking statements in this 
Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes to the best of its present

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could 
cause actual results, including the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from 
and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking 
statements. The Issuer's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a 
forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, potential 
investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "Risk Factors", and 
"thyssenkrupp AG". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on 
the Issuer's business and the markets in which it operates. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, 
future events described in this Prospectus may not occur. In addition, the Issuer does not assume any obligation, 
except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking 
statements to actual events or developments. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Interest amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") or the London Interbank 
Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), which is currently provided by ICE Benchmark Administration ("IBA"). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI does appear whereas IBA does not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure 
the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No 596/2014 (as amended, the "Benchmark Regulation"). As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that IBA is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement or equivalence. 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice 
to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................ 1 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE ISSUER ................................................................................................ 4 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES ................................................................................................ 10 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT .............................................................................................................. 16 
CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS .................................................................................................... 17 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION ............................................... 18 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes – English language version ..................................... 19 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes – English language version ................................ 37 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions for Zero Coupon Notes – English language version ................................ 58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION ............................................... 72 
OPTION I – Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung .................................. 73 
OPTION II – Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung ............................. 93 
OPTION III – Emissionsbedingungen für Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen ............................................. 115 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (MUSTER – ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) .......................................................... 130 
THYSSENKRUPP AG AS ISSUER .......................................................................................................... 152 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 176 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 177 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................... 183

--- Page 6 ---
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
I. 
General 
Under this Programme, thyssenkrupp AG may from time to time issue Notes to one or more of the Dealers set 
forth on the cover page and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the 
Issuer, whose appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together, 
the "Dealers"), or directly to investors. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes at any time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed € 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme from time to time. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed by way of 
public or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of 
distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the Final Terms. Notes may be offered to non-qualified and/or 
qualified investors. 
Notes may be issued on a continuous basis in tranches (each a "Tranche"), each Tranche consisting of Notes 
which are identical in all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming 
a single series and identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue 
prices and dates for first interest payments may form a Series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued 
as part of existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
as indicated in the Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in Euro, € 1,000, if 
in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other currency nearly equivalent to € 1,000 at the time of 
the issue of Notes. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the 
Final Terms. The Notes are freely transferable. 
Notes with fixed interest rates may be issued with an interest step-up mechanism (the "Interest Sustainability 
Step-up") or/and a redemption step-up mechanism (the "Redemption Sustainability Step-up"), as specified in 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. Such a step-up mechanism will be linked to the performance of one or 
more key performance indicators, as specified in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. These key 
performance indicators will be linked to, inter alia, sustainability performance targets representing economic, 
ecological and/or social values such as, for example, expansion of renewable energies, climate protection and 
certain "United Nations for Sustainable Development Goals", all as described in a green finance framework to be 
established by the Issuer and specified in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. 
Application has been made to list Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes 
to trading on the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" which is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. Notes may further be issued under the Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the Final Terms. These 
systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent"). Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
and other institutions, all as indicated in the Final Terms, will act as paying agents (the "Paying Agents").

--- Page 7 ---
2 
II. 
Issue Procedures 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche 
of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as completed by the provisions of the Final Terms as set out 
below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide 
for the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes; 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes; 
Option III – Terms and Conditions for Zero Coupon Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
— The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of Option 
I, Option II or Option III, including certain further sub-options contained therein, respectively, shall be 
applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the 
relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus in the Final 
Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute 
the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
This type of documentation of the Conditions will be used where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole 
or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
— Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, Option II or Option III and of the respective 
further options contained in each of Option I, Option II or Option III are applicable to the individual issue 
by only referring to the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this 
Prospectus. The Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each 
global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, Option II or Option III shall be applicable to the individual issue 
of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I, Option II or Option III contains also certain further 
options (characterized by indicating the optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out 
either on the left of or in the square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set 
out in this Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which include the relevant 
items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant 
provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in this Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an alternative or optional 
provision it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in 
the placeholders of such provisions.

--- Page 8 ---
3 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the 
Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
— In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany, or (ii) 
initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, 
German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified 
investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the 
Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer as specified on 
the back of this Prospectus. 
— In other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 9 ---
4 
RISK FACTORS 
The following information discloses the principal risk factors which are specific and material to the Issuer and the 
Notes in order to enable prospective investors to assess the risks associated with investing in the Notes. 
Additional risks and uncertainties, which are currently not known to the Issuer or which the Issuer currently 
believes are immaterial, could likewise impair the business operations of the Issuer or the thyssenkrupp Group 
and have a material adverse effect on their business, cash flows, results of operations and their financial 
condition. Further, prospective investors should be aware that the risks described below may combine and thus 
intensify one another.  
Prospective investors may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it in the event one or more of the 
risks regarding the Issuer described below materialises. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review of all information 
provided in this Prospectus and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that 
its investment in the Notes is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the 
beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment 
policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary 
capacity) and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, 
for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.  
In particular, each prospective investor should: 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Prospectus; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, 
including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal 
or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. A prospective investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how 
the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE ISSUER 
I. RISKS FROM EXTERNAL PARAMETERS 
Macroeconomic risks 
The Group will face economic risks when positive impetus is not forthcoming from the general economy and 
markets of relevance for thyssenkrupp and if the growth rates fall below economic forecasts. 
The global growth outlook remains marked by extreme uncertainty. Current risk factors mainly result from the 
progression of the coronavirus pandemic as infection rates in regions important to thyssenkrupp remain high 
and especially the development of vaccination rates, new virus mutations und renewed lockdowns with their 
impact cannot be reliably predicted. Risks also exist as a result of the mushrooming of debt in numerous industrial 
and emerging nations in recent years. The numerous state support measures to mitigate the impact of the 
pandemic could exacerbate these risks. 
Other risk factors result from geopolitical imponderables: it is unclear whether the trade conflicts will escalate 
further or how the numerous global flashpoints will unfold. A sharper slowdown in China in the medium term 
could also have a dampening effect.

--- Page 10 ---
5 
Exogenous shocks such as a further escalation of violence in crisis regions could have major effects on the global 
economy and would also effect thyssenkrupp. In all of thyssenkrupp Group's operations future business success 
depends on thyssenkrupp's ability to respond to evolving market trends with innovative products and services 
on competitive terms. 
Regulatory risks 
thyssenkrupp's business operations are in some cases closely dependent on the legal framework at national or 
international level. Developments such as changes to competition rules in individual sections of the markets can 
involve risks for thyssenkrupp and lead to higher costs or other disadvantages. 
Rising energy costs can occur from new energy- and climate-related rules. As an energy-intensive industrial and 
services group thyssenkrupp faces risks to its earnings situation if it is unable in the competitive international 
market to pass on to its customers all or any of the additional costs. 
II. FINANCIAL RISKS 
Liquidity risk 
thyssenkrupp AG may be negatively impacted by adverse deposit, hedging and/or financing conditions (incl. 
payment terms) and/or financial agreements to which thyssenkrupp AG is a party may not be prolonged or might 
be terminated in whole or in part, in each case as a result of any of the following events: (i) an updated evaluation 
of thyssenkrupp AG's solvency, particularly from rating agencies or as a consequence of other changes in 
thyssenkrupp AG's financial circumstances, and/or (ii) negative developments related to the financial markets, 
such as, for example, a limited availability of funds, guarantee facilities and hedging instruments, negative 
interest rates and impacts arising from more restrictive regulation of the financial sector, central bank policy, or 
financial instruments. The realization of any of the above could negatively affect the liquidity situation of 
thyssenkrupp AG. 
thyssenkrupp AG maintains long-term credit facilities and cash funds on the basis of a multi-year financial 
planning system and a liquidity planning system on a rolling monthly basis. The cash pooling system and external 
financings are concentrated mainly on thyssenkrupp AG and specific foreign companies. thyssenkrupp AG uses 
the cash pooling system to allocate resources to Group companies internally according to requirements. 
However, thyssenkrupp AG cannot exclude the possibility that solvency and the financial flexibility of the Group 
can be negatively influenced by a reduction of liquid assets. 
Default risk 
The risk of default of financial instrument transactions is composed of a possible failure of a contracting party. 
Market risk 
thyssenkrupp is exposed to fluctuations in currencies, interest rates and commodity prices. To hedge those 
market risks thyssenkrupp enters into derivative hedging instruments. The fair values or future cash flows from 
non-derivative or derivative financial instruments may fluctuate due to market changes and in particular relating 
to off-exchange-traded foreign currency forward contracts, interest-rate swaps, interest-rate/foreign currency 
derivatives and commodity forward contracts with banks and commercial partners. 
Fluctuations in currencies may result from thyssenkrupp's numerous payment flows in different currencies, in 
particular in US dollars. All companies of the Group are required to hedge foreign currency positions at the time 
of their inception; companies based in the Euro zone are required to hedge via thyssenkrupp's central clearing 
office. Nevertheless, hedging of these risks may not be sufficient. Translation risks arising from the conversion 
of foreign currency positions are generally not hedged. 
To cover thyssenkrupp's capital requirements, thyssenkrupp AG procured funds on the international money and 
capital markets in different currencies and with various maturities. The resulting financial liabilities and financial 
investments are partially exposed to risks from changing interest rates. 
Depending on the market situation, purchasing prices for raw materials and energy can fluctuate significantly. 
To hedge against raw material price swings thyssenkrupp also uses derivative financial instruments – mainly 
commodity forward transactions. The use of these instruments may however not prove sufficient to prevent the 
risk of commodity price fluctuations. 
Valuation risks 
The active portfolio management of thyssenkrupp involves risks in execution. Restructurings as well as the 
disposal or acquisition of companies or other business activities are associated with risks which may require

--- Page 11 ---
6 
provisions in the balance sheet. The strategic realignment of thyssenkrupp to improve the performance may 
come along with an increase and speed up of necessary reorganizations. 
Risks associated with pensions obligations 
The fund assets used to cover pension liabilities are exposed to capital market risks. Pension obligations are 
subject to risks from increased life expectancies of beneficiaries and from obligations to adjust pension amounts 
on a regular basis. Furthermore, payments to pension funds may increase substantially in some countries in the 
future due to stricter statutory requirements. In individual cases, the premature cancellation of a pension plan 
may necessitate an additional allocation. Further decreasing interest rates, especially in Germany, would result 
in higher pension provisions and in a smaller equity ratio for thyssenkrupp. 
III. COMPLIANCE RISKS AND LEGAL RISKS 
Compliance risks 
thyssenkrupp faces risks in connection with non-compliance of antitrust and corruption regulations as well as 
areas like data protection and anti-money laundering. In particular, offenses in connection with antitrust and 
corruption may have an enormous potential for damage – both financially and in terms of reputation. 
thyssenkrupp encompasses numerous companies worldwide which compete for attractive orders by customers. 
This brings with it the risk that applicable legislation and regulations may be breached when trying to gain a 
competitive advantage. Such behaviour may lead to legal proceedings against thyssenkrupp, fines, sanctions, 
court orders affecting future conduct, forfeiture of profits, rescission of existing contracts, exclusion from certain 
businesses, loss of trade licenses or other restrictions, which, in turn, might limit thyssenkrupp's ability to pursue 
strategic projects and transactions that may be important for the business. 
Furthermore, involvement in potential non-compliance proceedings and investigations could harm 
thyssenkrupp's reputation, lead to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on efforts to compete for 
new customer business. Customers and/or third parties could also initiate legal proceedings against 
thyssenkrupp for substantial financial sums. 
Although thyssenkrupp has taken remedial actions with respect to identified compliance cases and also has 
taken various measures to enhance its compliance systems (such as the implementation of stricter internal 
control systems and changes to relevant policies and procedures), it cannot be excluded that consequences may 
arise from further instances, such as claims from customers and/or third parties or future – as of today neither 
known to thyssenkrupp nor pending – investigations by cartel offices. 
Litigation risks 
Litigation risks can result from claims of different nature and official investigations as well as regulatory or 
administrative court proceedings made against thyssenkrupp AG and individual Group companies. 
In particular, in the area of antitrust, corruption, environmental and labour law as well as general commercial law 
legal risks may arise from official investigations and lawsuits. Claims for damages resulting from product liability 
also pose a risk for the Group's business activities. In addition, claimants such as contractual partners, 
customers, consortium partners and subcontractors have lodged or may lodge claims against thyssenkrupp 
under various agreements like construction, plant engineering, supply and service agreements as well as share 
and asset deals. Where it is probable that individual claims will lead to payment obligations, provisions have 
been and will be made. 
thyssenkrupp seeks to protect and maintain its intellectual property rights worldwide through a range of 
protection and enforcement measures, but such actions may not always serve as sufficient deterrents. Where 
the enforcement may be difficult, thyssenkrupp relies on trade secret protections and confidentiality agreements 
to safeguard its interests. Furthermore the laws of certain countries may not protect proprietary rights as strong 
as Europe or the United States. Additionally, the policing of the unauthorized use of such rights may be expensive 
and time-consuming. The unlicensed use of such rights by third parties can lead to a reduction of thyssenkrupp's 
competitive advantages and limit its capacity to compete in the markets. 
Further, thyssenkrupp could be subject to claims for the infringement of third party patents, trademarks or other 
rights whereby it may have to pay for damages, modify manufacturing processes, redesign or may be barred 
from marketing certain products. The defense of intellectual property suits, patent opposition proceedings or 
related ones may moreover be both expensive and time-consuming. The materialization of the aforementioned 
risks could lead to delivery and production delays or restrictions or interruptions and have adverse effect on 
thyssenkrupp´s business, results of operations, financial conditions and prospects.

--- Page 12 ---
7 
Risks from trade restrictions 
thyssenkrupp has business relationships in countries subject to trade restrictions and is therefore exposed to 
possible risks stemming from such trade restrictions as anti-dumping / anti-subsidy tariffs, export control 
restrictions, special monitoring measures, embargoes, far-reaching economic sanctions against certain 
countries, persons, businesses and organizations, as well as other protectionist or politically motivated restraints. 
These trade restrictions can impede thyssenkrupp's business activities in individual national markets. Violations 
of such trade restrictions could lead to severe penalties, reputational damage and damage claims. 
IV. RISKS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
Order risks 
The handling of major orders for thyssenkrupp's customers is often characterized by a high degree of complexity 
and long project lead times, as a result of which cost overruns and/or schedule delays can occur. Technical 
problems and quality problems with sub-suppliers can result in order risks, too. 
Procurement risks 
Depending on the market situation, the availability of some starting materials (e.g. semiconductor products) or 
transport routes can be restricted and purchasing prices for raw materials and energy can fluctuate significantly. 
Despite negotiations with customers in order to pass on to them the higher product prices as far as possible, not 
all rising procurement prices might be passed on which might have a significant negative effect on 
thyssenkrupp's financial position. 
Notwithstanding thyssenkrupp's constant search for alternative low-cost suppliers worldwide, the risks of delivery 
failure may not be contained at all times. Also, suppliers may be lost, which might in turn jeopardize 
thyssenkrupp's production and the fulfilment of contractual obligations towards their customers. 
Energy costs (electricity, natural gas) could increase also considerably in the future. The procurement policy on 
the electricity market and long-term natural gas contracts may not sufficiently reduce the price risks on the energy 
markets. 
Production risks 
The production facilities of thyssenkrupp are exposed to the risk of business interruptions and property damage. 
In addition to the cost of repairing damage, there is above all the risk that a business interruption might result in 
production losses and thus jeopardize the fulfilment of thyssenkrupp's contractual obligations towards their 
customers. 
Economic uncertainty or an economic downturn in particular may make it difficult for thyssenkrupp accurately 
estimate the optimal level of production capacity, to match its workforce size with conditions in the affected 
markets; and reliably predict its future working capital requirements. 
Due to the production processes in its industrial plants, thyssenkrupp is exposed to process-related risks that 
can lead to air and water pollution. In addition, some of thyssenkrupp's real estate no longer required for 
operations is subject to risks from past pollution and mining subsidence. Should preventive measures which are 
implemented throughout the Group not be sufficient, it cannot be excluded that environmental damages occur, 
which could have a significant effect on thyssenkrupp's financial position. 
Sales risks 
As a globally active industrial group, thyssenkrupp is dependent on the international cyclical situation. With little 
positive impetus coming from the global economy thyssenkrupp encounters market risks due to changing 
economic trends in individual countries and trade flows, which entail sales risks. 
thyssenkrupp's international presence in different sectors and thyssenkrupp's widely differentiated product and 
customer structure makes it largely independent of regional crises on thyssenkrupp's sales markets. Despite 
this, it cannot be excluded that a regional crisis or that a crisis not limited to a certain region might have a 
significant negative impact on thyssenkrupp. 
There is a risk that thyssenkrupp will not always be able to meet product and process quality requirements of its 
customers. In addition, risk of bad debt caused by the reduced credit rating of key account customers, may 
adversely affect receivables.

--- Page 13 ---
8 
Risks associated with information security 
The extensive integration of information technology in a good portion of thyssenkrupp's internal and external 
business processes implicates IT security risks. Risks for the confidentiality, availability and integrity of 
information may arise from human errors, organizational or technical processes and/or security gaps in 
information processing. Cyber risks and corresponding damages from data losses or unauthorized access for 
the purpose of espionage or sabotage are possible. 
Personnel risks 
thyssenkrupp Group's staff and managers with their commitment to thyssenkrupp are of central importance to 
thyssenkrupp's success. There is a risk not to find key personnel to fill vacancies and to lose competent 
employees, especially in engineering. Extreme events, such as terrorist attacks or severe accidents could also 
cause the loss of employees. 
V. SPECIFIC RISKS FOR THYSSENKRUPP GROUP'S OPERATIONS 
The Materials Services business segment encounters risks associated with providing materials services for 
customers throughout the world. The global materials and services business is subject to cyclical swings in 
demand and prices on the procurement and sales markets – in some cases to a greater extent than other 
businesses. This has a significant impact on thyssenkrupp's net working capital. 
Cyclical risks may not always be sufficiently countered by thyssenkrupp's worldwide presence, broad customer 
base and high degree of diversification. This also applies to bad debt risks, which may not be sufficiently limited 
by the use of hedging instruments. 
In Industrial Components the bearings business is subject to demand risks in the wind energy sector as a result 
of dependence on national incentive programs for the expansion of renewable energies. In addition, intense 
competition and the auctioning of projects may impact prices in the relevant sales markets. 
A lower than planned growth in the cyclical global construction machinery and truck markets implies a sales risk 
for the Forged Technology business. 
The Automotive Technology business segment as a pure-play supplier to the automotive industry is dependent 
on the performance of the corresponding markets. Regional market risks due to slump in demand are possible 
and may result in order deferrals or cancellations. The consequences of the restricted availability of 
semiconductor products or transport routes could jeopardize the business prospects there. Trade restrictions 
such as possible tariffs on automobile exports or auto parts as well as a further escalation of the trade conflict 
between US and China pose additional risks. 
In addition to the economic risks, both auto component and production equipment suppliers are exposed to risks 
from consolidation processes, intense competition, further increasing price pressure, and the transformation 
towards e-mobility. These risks on the sales markets can be accompanied by a significant risk on the 
procurement markets if rising raw material prices cannot be passed on fully or without some delay to customers. 
With regard to ongoing technological innovations and improvements and the ramp-up of new plants, risks from 
unplanned earnings impacts cannot be ruled out. On top of this there are potential risks from unexpected quality 
problems and the associated warranty obligations. 
In the Steel Europe business segment risks to profitability and future growth include in particular risks from 
cyclical fluctuations on the sales and procurement markets. If the economic situation especially in the automotive 
business deteriorates and the market distortions/shifts continue, the already existing risk of customer 
insolvencies will increase and earnings as well as margins may decrease. 
Further, quality and supply risks may occur. Under property and business interruption insurance policies, 
significant deductibles exist for some production units. One or more damages at these units could noticeably 
impact the net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
The business segment also experiences the risks caused by the high competitive intensity on the market for 
carbon flat steel. The risk of rising raw material and energy prices as well as increasing costs for CO2 emission 
allowances may arise despite using alternative procurement sources and structured procurement strategies and 
passing on price increases to thyssenkrupp's customers. The increasingly frequent extreme weather conditions 
in the recent past entail risks that the starting materials delivered by water will not be available as planned. 
Risks of further costs could arise from the emissions trading directive for the fourth trading period (2021 to 2030) 
of the EU emissions trading system. In addition, in Germany the energy-intensive industry such as the steel

--- Page 14 ---
9 
industry is challenged in its transformation process by the integration of renewable energies as well as other 
regulatory requirements placed on the electricity and gas networks. 
In the Marine Systems business there are risks relating to existing export contracts suffering delays; attribution 
of the causes is disputed due to complex contractual structures with government procurement agencies for 
military equipment, local shipyards and supplies by the Marine Systems business unit. 
In addition, political developments in customer countries or surrounding regions could pose the risk of export 
approvals not being granted. 
As new owners are primarily being sought for the businesses combined in the business segment Multi Tracks, 
there is a risk that the market for mergers and acquisitions could develop negatively due to the pandemic or 
other reasons. 
General economic risks could pose a threat to the investment climate especially for the plant technology 
business. This could also further intensify the push of low-cost Far Eastern competitors onto western markets, 
which could also put market prices under pressure. The execution of major long-term contracts and technically 
complex orders as well as fluctuating raw materials prices can also influence the project situation and the margins 
on future projects. 
In addition, financing problems for customers continue to exist which could lead to project deferrals or 
cancellations.

--- Page 15 ---
10 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
VI. RISKS RELATING TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to list Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes 
to trading on the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg". In addition, the Programme provides that Notes 
may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there is a risk that no liquid secondary 
market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that the Notes may be 
listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If the Notes are not listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, pricing information for such Notes may be more difficult to obtain which may 
affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not 
be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be 
restricted by country specific reasons. 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest 
rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess 
demand for the relevant type of Note. The holder of a Note (the "Holder") is therefore exposed to the risk of an 
unfavourable development of market prices of its Note which materialises if the Holder sells the Notes prior to 
the final maturity of such Notes. If the Holder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity the Notes will be 
redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reinvestment Risk 
Holders of Notes may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash resources freed from any Note. 
The return the Holders of Notes will receive from a Note depends not only on the price and the nominal interest 
rate of the Note but also on whether or not the interest received during the term of the Note can be reinvested at 
the same or a higher interest rate than the rate provided for in the Note. The risk that the general market interest 
rate falls below the interest rate of the Note during its term is generally called reinvestment risk. The extent of 
the reinvestment risk depends on the individual features of the relevant Note. 
Inflation Risk 
The inflation risk is the risk of future money depreciation. The real yield from an investment is reduced by inflation. 
The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a Note. If the inflation rate is equal to or higher than 
the nominal yield, the real yield is zero or even negative. 
VII. RISKS RELATING TO SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to maturity 
(an optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Notes will be subject to 
early redemption upon the occurrence of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms (an early redemption 
event). If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an 
early redemption event, a holder is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption its investment will have 
a lower than expected yield. In this event an investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable Notes with a lower yield. 
Currency Risk 
A holder of a Note denominated in a foreign currency (i.e., a currency other than Euro) is exposed to the risk of 
changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange 
rates result from various factors such as macroeconomic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by 
central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the Euro, for example, will result in a corresponding change 
in the Euro value of a Note denominated in a currency other than Euro and a corresponding change in the Euro 
value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than in Euro in accordance with the terms of 
such Note. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the Euro correspondingly rises, the price of the 
Note and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder, expressed in Euro, falls.

--- Page 16 ---
11 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A holder of Notes with a fixed interest rate ("Fixed Rate Notes") is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note 
falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the market interest rate typically 
changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Note also changes, but 
in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically falls, until 
the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate for comparable issuers. If the market 
interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Note is approximately 
equal to the market interest rate for comparable issuers. If the Holder of a Fixed Rate Note holds such Note until 
maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Holder as the Note will be redeemed 
at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Note. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Notes with a floating interest rate ("Floating Rate Notes") tend to be volatile investments. A holder of a Floating 
Rate Note is exposed particularly to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in advance. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the 
future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Risk of financial benchmark and reference interest rate continuity 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the London Interbank Offered Rate 
("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates and indices) are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
"benchmark". 
In particular, on 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), 
which regulates the LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to 
compel, panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021 and 
confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would cease or cease to be representative 
benchmarks from 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of USD LIBOR only) from 30 June 2023. 
On 5 March 2021, the administrator for LIBOR, the IBA, similarly announced that it would cease the publication 
of the relevant LIBOR settings on 31 December 2021 or 30 June 2023, unless the FCA exercises its proposed 
new powers (which are included in the current UK Financial Services Bill as proposed amendments to the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) to require the IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed 
methodology (also known as a "synthetic" basis). The FCA confirmed on 4 January 2022 that publication of 24 
LIBOR settings has ended (all euro and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the overnight/spot next, 1-week, 2-month 
and 12-month sterling and Japanese yen LIBOR settings and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings) 
and published a notice of requirements on 1 January 2022 to impose requirements on IBA to change the way in 
which the 1, 3 and 6 month sterling and Japanese yen LIBOR settings are determined. 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of "benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a 
"benchmark" and the use of a "benchmark" within the EU. It requires, among other things, (i) "benchmark" 
administrators to be authorized or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognized or endorsed), and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of 
administrators that are not authorized or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognized 
or endorsed). 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing LIBOR, EURIBOR 
or any other "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the LIBOR, the EURIBOR or such 
other "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the LIBOR, the EURIBOR or such other "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 17 ---
12 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the "benchmarks"; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked 
to or referencing LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that if a "benchmark" to which any Notes are linked, were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on such Notes will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to such Notes, which in the end could result in the same rate being applied until maturity 
of the Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest. 
If a "benchmark" were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate Notes 
which are linked to such "benchmark" will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions 
applicable to such Notes. Under these fallback provisions, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an independent 
advisor, which must be an independent financial institution or independent financial advisor. Such independent 
advisor would be tasked with determining whether a recognized successor rate to the discontinued "benchmark" 
exists. If that is not the case, the independent advisor will attempt to find an alternative rate. Any such successor 
rate or alternative rate may be subject to the application of adjustments or spreads. If the independent advisor 
determines a successor rate or alternative rate, such rate will replace the previous "benchmark" for purposes of 
determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the Issuer and the Holders. Any 
adjustment pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply to the immediately following interest period and any 
subsequent interest period and may be subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions. 
If the Issuer cannot appoint an independent advisor or if the independent advisor cannot determine a successor 
rate or alternative rate following a discontinuation of a relevant "benchmark", the last determined rate of the 
discontinued "benchmark" will continue to apply for future interest periods of the relevant Notes until a successor 
rate or alternative rate was determined in accordance with the fallback provisions. 
If the independent advisor cannot determine a successor rate or alternative rate following a discontinuation of a 
relevant benchmark, the Issuer may also redeem the Notes early. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Notes with a zero coupon ("Zero Coupon Notes") do not pay current interest but are typically issued at a discount 
from their nominal value. Instead of periodical interest payments, the difference between the redemption price 
and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity and reflects the market interest rate. A holder of a 
Zero Coupon Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of changes in the market 
interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Notes and are likely to 
respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing notes with a similar maturity. 
VIII. RISKS RELATING TO LAWS AND REGULATIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers of Notes should be aware that stamp duty and other taxes and/or charges may be levied in 
accordance with the laws and practices in the countries where the Notes are transferred and other relevant 
jurisdictions. Potential purchasers of Notes who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their own 
independent tax advisors. In addition, potential purchasers should be aware that tax regulations and their 
application by the relevant taxation authorities may change from time to time. Accordingly, it is not possible to 
predict the precise tax treatment of the Notes which will apply at any given time. 
Resolutions of Holders 
The Notes provide for resolutions of Holders. 
A Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted and to lose rights against the Issuer against its will in the case 
that other Holders agree pursuant to the Terms and Conditions to amendments of the Terms and Conditions by 
majority vote according to the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen – SchVG). 
In such case, a Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Holders. As such 
majority resolution properly adopted would be binding on all Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the 
Issuer under the relevant Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or even cancelled.

--- Page 18 ---
13 
Inter alia, Holders may decide that a request of other Holders holding at least one-tenth in principal amount of 
Notes then outstanding to declare their Notes due in the events specified in § 9(1)(b) or (1)(c) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes shall not be valid. 
Joint Representative 
The Notes may provide for the appointment of a Joint Representative for all Holders (gemeinsamer Vertreter). 
Therefore, a Holder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the relevant 
Terms and Conditions against the Issuer regardless of other Holders, such right passing to the Joint 
Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all Holders. 
IX. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH GREEN BONDS 
The Issuer may decide to use the proceeds from any series of Notes issued under the Programme for green or 
environmental purposes (such series of Notes, a "Green Bond"). The Final Terms for each Green Bond issued 
under this Programme will contain further information on the envisaged use of proceeds. 
Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets. Prospective 
investors who intend to invest in Green Bonds must determine for themselves the relevance of the information 
in this Prospectus (in particular, regarding the reasons for the offer and the use of proceeds) for the purpose of 
any investment in the Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary. In 
particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds will meet or continue 
to meet on an ongoing basis any or all investor expectations regarding investment in "green bond", "green" or 
"sustainable" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy")). On 9 March 2020, the Technical Expert Group 
on Sustainable Finance published its final report on the EU Taxonomy containing recommendations relating to 
the overarching design of the EU Taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance on how companies 
and financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in relation to a future European 
standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 
(the "EU Green Bond Standard"). On 22 June 2020, the EU Taxonomy entered into force. It will amend Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector. On 6 July 2021 the 
European Commission has proposed a regulation on a voluntary European Green Bond Standard. The standard 
will use the definitions of green economic activities in the EU Taxonomy to define what is considered a green 
investment. The Green Bonds issued under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for the issuer to be 
entitled to use the designation of "European green bond" or "EuGB" nor is the issuer under any obligation to take 
steps to have any Green Bonds become eligible for such designation.  
Due to the still ongoing legislative initiatives, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or 
an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. 
The Issuer intends to develop and adopt a green finance framework to determine eligible green projects and/or 
sustainability performance targets (the "Green Finance Framework"). The Green Finance Framework will be 
available on the Issuer's website: www.thyssenkrupp.com. The Green Finance Framework will not be 
incorporated in, and will not form part of, this Prospectus. While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount 
equal to the proceeds of such Green Bonds specifically for a portfolio of eligible green projects, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) (including those the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects) 
will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly an amount equal to such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such 
project(s) or use(s). Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds, the Issuer may appoint one or more external provider(s) to provide 
a green evaluation (the "Green Evaluation"). Such Green Evaluation is not incorporated in, and does not form 
part of, this Prospectus. Such Green Evaluation provides an opinion on certain environmental and related 
considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in Green 
Bonds including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. 
Such Green Evaluation is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Such Green Evaluation is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. No assurance is given that such Green Evaluation correctly 
assesses the potential environmental impact of the issue of Green Bonds or the Issuer generally. Such Green 
Evaluation generally is only current as of the date it is released and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn 
by the relevant provider(s) at any time. Currently the providers of green evaluations are not subject to any specific 
regulatory regime or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any Green Evaluation for the purpose of any investment in Green Bonds. In particular, no assurance 
or representation is made or given that any such Green Evaluation reflects any present or future requirements, 
investment criteria or guidelines which may apply to any investor or its investments. Holders of Green Bonds will

--- Page 19 ---
14 
have no recourse against the provider(s) of any Green Evaluation. In addition, it would not constitute an event of 
default under the terms of the Green Bonds if the Issuer was to fail to observe the provisions in the Final Terms 
for the Green Bonds relating to the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds or the Issuer's intentions as regards 
reporting. A negative change to, or a withdrawal of, any Green Evaluation may affect the value of the Green 
Bonds and may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. 
In the event that any of the Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other similarly labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), or are included in any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled index, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such 
listing or admission, or inclusion in such index, satisfies any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another and also the 
criteria for inclusion in such index may vary from one index to another. No representation or assurance given or 
made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in any such 
index, will be obtained in respect of Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading, or 
inclusion in such index, will be maintained during the life of Green Bonds. Additionally, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person as to the suitability of Green Bonds to fulfil environmental 
and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. The Issuer is not responsible for any third party 
assessment of the Green Bonds. Nor is any Dealer responsible for (i) any assessment of Green Bonds, or (ii) the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds. Any failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of Green Bonds as set 
in the Final Terms for an issue of Green Bonds and/or negative change to, or withdrawal or suspension of, any 
Green Evaluation and/or Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of Green Bonds and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
X. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES 
The Green Finance Framework may further include details with regard to the issuance of Notes with fixed interest 
rates with an interest step-up mechanism or/and a redemption step-up mechanism, as specified in the relevant 
Terms and Conditions. Such Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics. Although the rate of interest or the redemption amount relating to a specific 
Tranche of Notes might be subject to upward adjustment as specified in the relevant Terms and Conditions 
("Sustainability-linked Notes"), such Sustainability-linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or 
any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics.  
The application of the adjusted rate of interest as well as the increased redemption amount in respect of 
Sustainability-linked Notes depends on the occurrence of a Step-up Event / Adjustment Event (as defined in the 
relevant Terms and Conditions). A Step-up Event / Adjustment Event occurs, inter alia, if the Verification 
Assurance Certificate (as defined in the relevant Terms and Conditions) fails to confirm that the performance of 
one or more key performance indicator(s) (as specified in the relevant Terms and Conditions) meets/exceeds the 
corresponding sustainability performance target(s) (as specified in the relevant Terms and Conditions) on one or 
more, as the case may be, Sustainable Performance Target Observation Date(s) (as defined in the relevant Terms 
and Conditions). The definition of the sustainability performance target(s) may be inconsistent with investor 
requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to renewable energy and/or greenhouse emissions.  
Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any 
investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of its targets or such investments may become controversial or 
criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders. Lastly, no event of default shall occur under the relevant Terms 
and Conditions, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-linked Notes, if the 
Issuer fails to meet/exceed the sustainability performance target(s) or if the Issuer fails to publish a Sustainability 
Report or a Verification Assurance Certificate, as the case may be, as required under the relevant Terms and 
Conditions (each as defined in the relevant Terms and Conditions). 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or environmental, social and 
governance ("ESG") structuring agent or any second party opinion provider in its capacity as second party opinion 
provider or the Independent Verifier (as defined in the relevant Terms and Conditions) as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with 
the offering of Sustainability-linked Notes or any Sustainability Performance Target (as defined in the relevant 
Terms and Conditions) to fulfil any social, sustainability, sustainability-linked and/or other criteria. Any such 
opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 20 ---
15 
Second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications (including the Independent 
Verifier (as defined in the relevant Terms and Conditions)) are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. Any such opinion, certification or verification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any second party opinion 
provider, the Independent Verifier or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Sustainability-linked Notes. Holders 
have no recourse against the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any second party opinion 
provider, the Independent Verifier, the provider of any opinion, certification or verification for the contents of any 
such opinion, certification or verification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, certification or verification and/or 
the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in the Sustainability-linked Notes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion, certification or verification or 
any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of the Sustainability-linked Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 21 ---
16 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
thyssenkrupp AG (the "Issuer" or "thyssenkrupp AG"), with its registered offices in Duisburg and Essen and its 
headquarters at thyssenkrupp Allee 1, 45143 Essen, Federal Republic of Germany is solely responsible for the 
information given in this Prospectus. 
The Issuer hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no 
omission likely to affect its import.

--- Page 22 ---
17 
CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes – if and to 
the extent this is so expressed in the Final Terms relating to a particular issue of Notes – is entitled to use this 
Prospectus in Luxembourg, the Federal Republic of Germany, The Netherlands, the Republic of Austria or such 
other Member State whose competent authorities have been notified of the approval of this Prospectus, for the 
subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as determined in 
the applicable Final Terms), provided however, that this Prospectus is still valid in accordance with article 12.1 
of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus also 
with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes. 
Such consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by the financial intermediaries may be 
restricted to certain jurisdictions and subject to conditions as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before such 
delivery. Any supplement to this Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
When using this Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain that it 
complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. In particular, each Dealer 
and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain that it complies with the target market and 
distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II Product Governance" legend set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary, the Dealer and/or the 
further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms of the offer at the time of that 
offer. 
In case the Issuer has given its consent to the use of this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms any new 
information with respect to any Dealers and/or financial intermediaries unknown at the time this Prospectus was 
approved or the relevant Final Terms were filed with the relevant competent authority/authorities will be published 
on the website of thyssenkrupp AG under "https://www.thyssenkrupp.com/en/investors/bondscreditor-
relations/debt-issuance-programme/". 
Any Dealer and/or further financial intermediary using this Prospectus has to state on its website that it uses this 
Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached thereto.

--- Page 23 ---
18 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for three options: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that applies to Series of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that applies to Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Option III comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that applies to Series of Zero Coupon Notes. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterized accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory 
notes set out in square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of Option I, Option II or Option III, including certain further 
options contained therein, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that at the time of approval of this Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items which 
are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets 
which contain the relevant items that are to be completed by the Final Terms. 
[In case the options applicable to an individual issue are to be determined by referring in the Final Terms to the 
relevant further options contained in the set of Terms and Conditions for Option I, Option II or Option III: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the information contained in 
the final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in 
the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not 
completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and 
text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as required to 
give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained free of charge on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), in the case of Notes which are not listed on any 
stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to Holders of such Notes.]

--- Page 24 ---
19 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes – English language Version 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This series of notes (the "Notes") of thyssenkrupp AG (the 
"Issuer") is being issued in [insert Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in 
the aggregate principal amount of [insert aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[insert aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert Specified 
Denomination](1) (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are 
represented 
by a 
Permanent 
Global Note 
insert: 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without interest coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall 
be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of 
the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are initially 
represented 
by a 
Temporary 
Global Note 
insert: 
[(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchanged for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without interest coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note" and 
together the "Global Notes") shall each be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive 
Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later than 180 days after the date of issue of 
the Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be earlier than 40 days after the date of 
issue. Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the 
effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes is not a U.S. person (other 
than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes will be treated as a request to exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes delivered in exchange for 
the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States 
(as defined in § 4(4)).] 
 
(4) Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than one Clearing System insert: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic of Germany] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium] and any successor in 
such capacity. 
 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
1 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in Euro, € 1,000 and, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency nearly equivalent to € 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
20 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
(1) Status. The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured (in rem) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured (in rem) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save as otherwise determined by mandatory provisions of 
law. 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes for the entire life of the Notes, but not beyond 
the day on which payment of the final amounts being due for interest, principal and 
any Additional Amounts has been made to the Fiscal Agent, not to secure any present 
or future Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined below), including any guarantees 
or indemnities given therefore, by pledging, assigning, transferring, mortgaging, or 
in any other way creating any in rem security interest over, any of its present or future 
assets under the laws of any country, without at the same time rateably and equally 
extending such security to the Holders or granting them any other, in the opinion of 
an independent reputable expert not less favourable, security, unless such granting 
of security is prescribed by mandatory provisions of law or by governmental authority, 
either in individual cases or generally.  
 
(3) For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Capital Market Indebtedness" shall 
mean any obligation for the payment or repayment of money (including obligations 
by reason of any guarantee or other liability agreement for obligations of third parties) 
that is borrowed either in the form of (i) issues of bonds or similar securities which 
are being, or intended to be, or may be, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any 
stock exchange or over-the-counter or similar securities market or (ii) assignable 
loans (Schuldscheindarlehen). 
 
Any security to be granted in accordance with § 2(2) may also be provided to a person 
acting as trustee for the Holders. 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their 
principal amount at the rate of [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum [in the 
case of Interest Sustainability Step-up, the following applies: (the "Original Interest 
Rate")] from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)) [in 
the case of Interest Sustainability Step-up, the following applies:, subject to clause § 
3(5) below]. Interest shall be payable in arrear on [insert Fixed Interest Date(s)] in 
each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The first payment of interest 
shall be made on [insert First Interest Payment Date] [if First Interest Payment Date 
is not first anniversary of Interest Commencement Date insert: and will amount to 
[insert Initial Broken Amounts per Specified Denomination] per Specified 
Denomination.] [If Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date insert: Interest in respect 
of the period from (and including) [insert last Fixed Interest Date preceding the 
Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to [insert Final Broken 
Amounts per Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes from (and including) the due 
date to (but excluding) the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the statutory 
default rate of interest.(2) 
 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a 
period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation of the 
amount of interest for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
2 
The statutory default rate of interest for the year is five percentage points above the base rate published by Deutsche Bundesbank from 
time to time, sections 288 (1), 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 26 ---
21 
 
[if Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if the Calculation Period is equal 
to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it falls (including in the case of 
short coupons) insert: the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [in the 
case of Interest Periods of less than one year insert: the product of (1)] the number 
of days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation Period falls [in the case of 
Interest Periods of less than one year insert: and (2) the number of Interest Periods 
normally ending in any year].] 
 
[if Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if the Calculation Period is longer 
than one Interest Period (long coupon) insert: the sum of: 
 
(A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Interest Period in which it 
begins divided by [in the case of Interest Periods of less than one year insert: the 
product of (1)] the number of days in such Interest Period [in the case of Interest 
Periods of less than one year insert: and (2) the number of Interest Payment Dates 
that occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest 
were payable in respect of the whole of such year]; and 
 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Interest Period 
divided by [in the case of Interest Periods of less than one year insert: the product of 
(1)] the number of days in such Interest Period [in the case of Interest Periods of less 
than one year insert: and (2) the number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one 
calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest were payable in 
respect of the whole of such year.] 
 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date. [In the case 
of a short first or last Calculation Period insert: For the purposes of determining the 
relevant Interest Period only, [insert deemed Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed 
to be an Interest Payment Date.] [In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period 
insert: For the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
deemed Interest Payment Dates] shall each be deemed to be an Interest Payment 
Date].] 
 
[in the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Note Basis insert: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period 
is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or 
(B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-
day month).] 
 
[in the case of Actual/360 insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
 
[in the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis insert: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the Final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).]

--- Page 27 ---
22 
In the case of 
Notes with 
Interest 
Sustainability 
Step-up with 
one 
Sustainable 
Performance 
Target 
Observation 
Date and 
one/two/three 
KPI insert: 
[(5) Interest Rate Adjustment upon occurrence of a Step-up Event. The rate of interest 
payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment in the event of a Step-up Event, 
as follows: 
 
If the Step-up Event occurs, the rate of interest for the Interest Period commencing on 
the Step-up Date and each subsequent Interest Period shall be increased to [●] [the sum 
of the Original Interest Rate and [●] per cent. per annum] (the "Adjusted Rate of 
Interest"). 
 
"Step-up Date" means [●] [the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
earlier of the Notice Date or the [fifth] [●] Business Day after at the end of the 
Deadline]. 
 
If the Step-up Event has occurred, the Issuer must give notice of:  
(i)  the occurrence of the Step-up Event; and  
(ii)  the Adjusted Rate of Interest 
 
in accordance with § 12 without undue delay (ohne schuldhaftes Zögern) following the 
publication of the Sustainability Report for the financial year ending on the Sustainable 
Performance Target Observation Date, but in any event not later than on the [fifth] [●] 
Business Day after the end of the Deadline (the date on which the Issuer publishes such 
notice, the "Notice Date"). 
 
"Deadline" means [●]. 
 
The "Step-up Event" occurs if any of the following events occurs: 
 
(A) The Issuer fails to publish, by the Deadline, (i) a Sustainability Report for the 
financial year ending on the Sustainable Performance Target Observation Date or 
(ii) a Verification Assurance Certificate in respect of such Sustainability Report. 
 
(B) The Issuer publishes, by the Deadline, a Sustainability Report for the financial 
year ending on the Sustainable Performance Target Observation Date and a 
Verification Assurance Certificate in respect of such Sustainability Report, but 
 
1. the Verification Assurance Certificate fails to confirm that [the KPI meets or 
exceeds the SPT] [both the KPI 1 meets or exceeds the SPT 1 and the KPI 2 
meets or exceeds the SPT 2] [all three, the KPI 1 meets or exceeds the SPT 
1, the KPI 2 meets or exceeds the SPT 2 and the KPI 3 meets or exceeds 
the SPT 3]; or 
 
2. the Verification Assurance Certificate contains a notice that (i) the 
Independent Verifier cannot calculate or observe [the] [a] SPT or (ii) that the 
calculation or observation by the Independent Verifier was or can only be 
completed with a reservation or qualification with regard to the calculation 
or observation of [the] [a] SPT. 
 
Where: 
"KPI [1]" means the following key performance indicator: [to be determined by Issuer 
in accordance with relevant framework of Issuer]. 
 
["KPI 2" means the following key performance indicator: [to be determined by Issuer 
in accordance with relevant framework of Issuer].]

--- Page 28 ---
23 
 
["KPI 3" means the following key performance indicator: [to be determined by Issuer 
in accordance with relevant framework of Issuer].] 
 
[(and KPI 1[,] [and] KPI 2 [and KPI 3] each a "KPI").] 
 
"Independent Verifier" means [●]. 
 
"Sustainability Performance Target [1]" or "SPT [1]" means [that [●] [meets or 
exceeds][falls below] [include and specify the specific target] by the Sustainable 
Performance Target Observation Date][●]. 
 
"Sustainability Performance Target [2]" or "SPT [2]" means [that [●] [meets or 
exceeds][falls below] [include and specify the specific target] by the Sustainable 
Performance Target Observation Date][●]. 
 
"Sustainability Performance Target [3]" or "SPT [3]" means [that [●] [meets or 
exceeds][falls below] [include and specify the specific target] by the Sustainable 
Performance Target Observation Date][●]. 
 
[(and SPT 1[,] [and] SPT 2 [and SPT 3] each an "SPT").] 
 
[if protection against dilution insert: If the Issuer reasonably determines, taking into 
account the principle of good faith, that a Transaction carried out by the Issuer has a 
dilutive effect on [the][an] SPT, the Issuer shall take this dilutive effect into account 
and adjust the respective SPT in its reasonable discretion to the best possible extent 
in accordance with § 315 BGB and taking into account the principle of good faith so 
that the dilutive effect is eliminated or at least minimised. The Issuer shall notify the 
Holders of the adjusted SPT without undue delay in accordance with § 12. An 
adjustment made by the Issuer and notified in accordance with § 12 shall be binding 
on the Holders.] 
 
"Sustainable Performance Target Observation Date" means [●]. 
 
"Sustainability Report" means [●]. 
 
"Transaction" means material restructuring activities (e.g. acquisitions, divestitures 
or mergers) of thyssenkrupp AG and all of its affiliated companies within the meaning 
of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
"Verification Assurance Certificate" means [●]. 
[●]] 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payments of principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payments of interest in respect of the Notes shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note 
insert: Payments of interest in respect of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, 
payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
(3) (a) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System.

--- Page 29 ---
24 
 
(b) No default. The Issuer shall not be in default of its payment obligation if it [in case 
of CBF insert: makes the amount due under these Terms and Conditions available 
to the Clearing System for debit] [in case of ICSDs insert: pays the amount due 
under these Terms and Conditions to the Clearing System], but for reasons the 
Issuer is not responsible for, the Clearing System does not [in case of CBF insert: 
debit] [in case of ICSDs insert: accept] the amount due in full. Accordingly, a 
termination of the Notes pursuant to § 9(1)(a) shall not be possible to this extent. 
 
(4) United States. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "United States" 
means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U. S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day, the due date for the relevant payment shall be 
postponed to the next following day that is a Payment Business Day. The Holder shall 
not be entitled to any interest or other payment as a result of such postponement. 
 
"Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business Day. 
 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System and [in the case of Notes not denominated in Euro insert: 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant financial 
centres] are generally open for business and settle payments] [in the case of Notes 
denominated in Euro insert: all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET 2) ("TARGET") are open to 
forward the relevant payment]. 
 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other than tax reasons insert: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Holder insert: 
the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
 
(7) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit any interest or principal 
amounts not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date with 
the Local Court (Amtsgericht) of Essen, even if such Holders are not in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right 
of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
In the case of 
Notes with no 
Redemption 
Sustainability 
Step-up 
insert: 
[(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [insert 
Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of 
each Note shall be its principal amount.] 
In the case of 
Notes with 
Redemption 
Sustainability 
Step-up 
insert: 
[(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [insert 
Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of 
each Note shall be, subject to the occurrence of an Adjustment Event, its principal 
amount. 
 
If the Adjustment Event occurs, the Final Redemption Amount of each note shall be 
[its principal amount plus an increase of [●] (corresponding to an increase of [●] 
bps)][●] and the Issuer must give notice of:

--- Page 30 ---
25 
(i)  the occurrence of the Adjustment Event; and  
(ii)  the Final Redemption Amount,  
 
in accordance with § 12 without undue delay (ohne schuldhaftes Zögern) following 
the publication of the Sustainability Report for the financial year ending on the 
Sustainable Performance Target Observation Date, but in any event not later than on 
the [fifth] [●] Business Day after the end of the Deadline (the date on which the Issuer 
publishes such notice, the "Notice Date").  
 
"Adjustment Event" occurs if any of the following events occurs: 
 
(A) The Issuer fails to publish, by the Deadline, (i) a Sustainability Report for the 
financial year ending on the Sustainable Performance Target Observation Date or 
(ii) a Verification Assurance Certificate in respect of such Sustainability Report. 
 
(B) The Issuer publishes, by the Deadline, a Sustainability Report for the financial 
year ending on the Sustainable Performance Target Observation Date and a 
Verification Assurance Certificate in respect of such Sustainability Report, but 
 
1. the Verification Assurance Certificate fails to confirm that [the KPI meets or 
exceeds the SPT] [both the KPI 1 meets or exceeds the SPT 1 and the KPI 2 
meets or exceeds the SPT 2] [all three, the KPI 1 meets or exceeds the SPT 
1, the KPI 2 meets or exceeds the SPT 2 and the KPI 3 meets or exceeds the 
SPT 3]; or 
 
2. the Verification Assurance Certificate contains a notice that (i) the 
Independent Verifier cannot calculate or observe [the] [a] SPT or (ii) that the 
calculation or observation by the Independent Verifier was or can only be 
completed with a reservation or qualification with regard to the calculation or 
observation of [the] [a] SPT. 
 
Where: 
"Deadline" means [●]. 
 
"KPI [1]" means the following key performance indicator: [to be determined by Issuer 
in accordance with relevant framework of Issuer]. 
 
["KPI 2" means the following key performance indicator: [to be determined by Issuer 
in accordance with relevant framework of Issuer].] 
 
["KPI 3" means the following key performance indicator: [to be determined by Issuer 
in accordance with relevant framework of Issuer].]  
 
[(and KPI 1[,] [and] KPI 2 [and KPI 3] each a "KPI").] 
 
"Independent Verifier" means [●]. 
 
"Sustainability Performance Target [1]" or "SPT [1]" means [that [●] [meets or 
exceeds][falls below] [include and specify the specific target] by the Sustainable 
Performance Target Observation Date][●]. 
 
["Sustainability Performance Target 2" or "SPT 2" means [that [●] [meets or 
exceeds][falls below] [include and specify the specific target] by the Sustainable 
Performance Target Observation Date.]][●] 
 
["Sustainability Performance Target 3" or "SPT 3" means [that [●] [meets or 
exceeds][falls below] [include and specify the specific target] by the Sustainable 
Performance Target Observation Date.]][●] 
 
[(and SPT 1[,] [and] SPT 2 [and SPT 3] each an "SPT").] 
 
[if protection against dilution insert: If the Issuer reasonably determines, taking into 
account the principle of good faith, that a Transaction carried out by the Issuer has a 
dilutive effect on [the][an] SPT, the Issuer shall take this dilutive effect into account 
and adjust the respective SPT in its reasonable discretion to the best possible extent

--- Page 31 ---
26 
in accordance with § 315 BGB and taking into account the principle of good faith so 
that the dilutive effect is eliminated or at least minimised. The Issuer shall notify the 
Holders of the adjusted SPT without undue delay in accordance with § 12. An 
adjustment made by the Issuer and notified in accordance with § 12 shall be binding 
on the Holders.] 
 
"Sustainable Performance Target Observation Date" means [●]. 
 
"Sustainability Report" means [●]. 
 
"Transaction" means material restructuring activities (e.g. acquisitions, divestitures 
or mergers) of thyssenkrupp AG and all of its affiliated companies within the meaning 
of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
"Verification Assurance Certificate" means [●]. 
[●]] 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If, as a result of a change in or amendment 
of legal provisions, or any amendment to or change in the application or official 
interpretation of such legal provisions, which change is effective on or after the date 
on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer becomes 
obliged to pay Additional Amounts referred to in § 7(1) on the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be avoided 
by the use of measures available to the Issuer which are, in the judgement of the 
Issuer, reasonable, the Issuer shall be entitled, upon not less than 30 days and not 
more than 60 days' notice, to redeem prior to maturity on the first day of each 
calendar month during the life of the Notes all, but not part only, of the outstanding 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below), together with the interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. No redemption pursuant to this § 5(2) shall 
occur more than one month prior to the date at which such change in, or amendment 
of, legal provisions becomes applicable to the Notes for the first time. 
 
A redemption by the Issuer pursuant to this § 5(2) shall be effected by irrevocable 
notice to the Holders in accordance with § 12 and must state the date of redemption 
as well as a summary of the facts which constitute the call right. Such notice can only 
be given after the Issuer provided the Fiscal Agent with a statement, signed by as 
many authorized signatories as legally prescribed, to the effect that the Issuer cannot, 
in its judgement, avoid the obligation by the use of measures available to the Issuer 
according to this paragraph (2). In addition, before giving such notice, the Issuer 
must provide the Paying Agent with a legal opinion, issued by a law firm of good 
standing, which states that the Issuer is obliged to pay Additional Amounts according 
to § 7(1) as a result of a change in or amendment of legal provisions, or any 
amendment to or change in the application or official interpretation of such legal 
provisions. 
If the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption 
at the Option 
of the Issuer 
insert: 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
the Notes in whole or in part within the Call Redemption Period[s] at the Call 
Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to 
(but excluding) the relevant redemption date. 
 
Call Redemption Period[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Period[s]] 
[___________________________] 
[___________________________] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount[s]] 
[_____________________________] 
[_____________________________]3 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: The Issuer 
may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
 
3  
In case of a Sustainability Step-up structure pursuant to § 5 (1), include relevant provisions on the adjustment mechanism of the Call 
Redemption Amount if applicable.

--- Page 32 ---
27 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note 
under subparagraph (4) of this § 5.] 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance 
with § 12. Such notice shall specify: 
 
(i) the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) whether such series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
(iii) the redemption date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 
60 days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System.] 
If the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption 
at the Option 
of the Holder 
insert: 
[[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date[s] at the Put Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Dates[s]] 
[___________________________] 
[___________________________] 
Put Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount[s]] 
[____________________________] 
[____________________________] 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), send to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in written form ("Put 
Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received after 5:00 p. m. Frankfurt 
time on the 30th day before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have 
been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, [and] (ii) the 
securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any [in the case the Global Note 
is kept in custody by CBF, insert: and (iii) contact details as well as a bank 
account]. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the specified offices 
of the Fiscal Agent in the German and English language. No option so exercised 
may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes 
in respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the 
Issuer or to its order.] 
If the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption 
at the Option 
of the Holder 
in case of a 
[[(5)] Early Redemption in case of a Change of Control. 
(a) A Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) any person or persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on 
behalf of any such person(s), at any time directly or indirectly own(s) or

--- Page 33 ---
28 
Change of 
Control insert: 
acquire(s) (whether or not approved by the Management Board or 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer) (I) more than 50 per cent. of the issued 
ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (II) such number of shares in the capital 
of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights exercisable 
at a general meeting of the Issuer (each, a "Change of Control"); and 
 
(ii) at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Notes or the Issuer 
carry a credit rating requested by the Issuer from any of Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd. (Moody's), S&P Global Inc. (S&P), Fitch Ratings Ltd. (Fitch), or 
any of their respective successors (each, a "Rating Agency") and such rating 
from at least two Rating Agencies or, in the case of less than three ratings, of 
one Rating Agency is within 180 days of such time either downgraded at least 
two notches or withdrawn and is not within such 180-day period subsequently 
(in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to the credit rating the Notes or the 
Issuer carried at the time of the occurrence of the Change of Control by at 
least one of those Rating Agencies or, in the case of less than three ratings, 
by this Rating Agency or (in the case of a withdrawal) replaced by the credit 
rating the Notes or the Issuer carried at the time of the occurrence of the 
Change of Control from this or any other Rating Agency; and 
 
(iii) in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating 
Agencies announce publicly or confirm in writing to the Issuer that such 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of 
Control. 
 
(b) If a Put Event occurs, each Holder shall have the option to require the Issuer to 
redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) its Notes 
at its principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the Put Date 
in case of a Change of Control (as defined below) (excluding). Such option shall 
operate as set out below. 
 
(c) If a Change of Control occurs, within 21 days of the end of the 180 day period 
referred to in paragraph (a)(ii) above the Issuer shall give notice (a "Put Event 
Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § 12 specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this § 5[(5)]. 
 
(d) To exercise the option to require the redemption or purchase of a Note under this 
§ 5[(5)] the Holder must deliver its Note(s), on any Business Day falling within the 
period (the "Put Period") of 30 days after a Put Event Notice is given, at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent accompanied by a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of the Paying Agent (a "Put Notice in case of a Change of 
Control"). The Paying Agent to which such Note(s) and Put Notice in case of a 
Change of Control are delivered will issue to the Holder concerned a non-
transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. The Issuer shall at its 
option redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Note(s) on 
the date (the "Put Date in case of a Change of Control") seven days after the 
expiration of the Put Period unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. Payment in respect of any Note(s) so delivered will be made, if the 
Holder duly specified in the Put Notice in case of a Change of Control a bank 
account to which payment is to be made, on the Put Date in case of a Change of 
Control by transfer to that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the 
Put Date in case of a Change of Control against presentation and surrender of 
such receipt at the specified office of the Paying Agent. A Put Notice in case of a 
Change of Control, once given, shall be irrevocable. 
 
(e) If the rating designations employed by any of Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed 
from those which are described in paragraph (a)(ii), the Issuer shall determine 
the rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch (as appropriate) as are most 
equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch and 
paragraph (a)(ii) shall be read accordingly.

--- Page 34 ---
29 
 
(f) If 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to the provisions of this 
§ 5[(5)], the Issuer may, on not less than 30 days or more than 60 days' notice 
to the Holder given within 30 days after the Put Date in case of a Change of 
Control, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes as a whole at a redemption 
price of the principal amount thereof plus interest accrued to but excluding the 
date of such redemption.] 
 
[(6)] Early Redemption Amount. 
 
For purposes of subparagraph (2) of this § 5 and § 9, the Early Redemption Amount 
of a Note shall be its Final Redemption Amount. 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT AND THE PAYING AGENT 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial Paying Agent 
and its initial specified office shall be: 
 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent reserve the right at any time to change its 
specified office to some other specified office in the same country. 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent and to 
appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying Agents. The Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, [in the case of payments in U. S. dollars insert: 
[,] [and] [(ii)] if payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the 
United States become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition 
of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York 
City]. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other 
than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 
30 days nor more than 45 days prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with § 12. 
 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent act solely as the agents 
of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for any Holders. 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
(1) Withholding Taxes. All payments of principal and interest will be made without any 
withholding at source or deduction at source of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever kind which are imposed, levied 
or collected by or in or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or by or on 
behalf of a regional or local authority empowered to impose taxes therein 
("Withholding Taxes") unless this is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as may be necessary to ensure the 
payment to the Holders of the full nominal amount of principal and interest. The tax 
on interest (Kapitalertragsteuer) and the solidarity surcharge do not constitute such 
Withholding Tax as described above.

--- Page 35 ---
30 
 
The Issuer shall, however, not be obliged to pay any Additional Amounts on account 
of such Withholding Taxes: 
 
(a) which are payable on payments of principal and interest otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding at source; or 
 
(b) to which the Holder is subject for any reason other than the mere fact of its being 
a holder of Notes or receiving principal or interest in respect thereof, in particular 
if the Holder is subject to such taxes, duties or governmental charges because of 
a personal unrestricted or restricted tax liability or if the Holder for the purposes 
of the relevant tax laws is regarded as an individual or corporate resident in 
another member state of the European Union; or 
 
(c) which are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
 
(d) which are deducted pursuant to section 10 of the German Defence against Tax 
Havens Act (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz). 
 
Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to 
any intergovernmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial 
owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not being entitled to receive 
payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer will not have any obligation to pay 
Additional Amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any such FATCA withholding 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the Paying Agent or any other party. 
 
(2) Issuer's Corporate Seat. If the Issuer moves its corporate seat to another country or 
territory or jurisdiction, each reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be deemed to refer to such other country or territory or 
jurisdiction. 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
The presentation period provided in section 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 of the German 
Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder is entitled to declare its Notes due and to demand 
immediate redemption at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in § 5), 
together with the interest accrued up to (but excluding) the day of actual redemption, 
if: 
 
(a) the Issuer is in default for more than 30 days in the payment of interest, principal 
or any Additional Amounts payable pursuant to § 7(1) on the Notes; or 
 
(b) the Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes, and 
such failure continues for more than 45 days after the Fiscal Agent has received 
written notice thereof from a Holder; for the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
obligation for publication of (i) the notice of the occurrence of a [Step-up Event]

--- Page 36 ---
31 
[and] [Adjustment Event], (ii) a Sustainability Report, (iii) a Verification Assurance 
Certificate, (iv) the appointment, termination of appointment and new 
appointment of the Independent Verifier nor the obligation to appoint any 
Independent Verifier (each as further specified in [§ 3 (5)][§ 5 (1)]) shall be 
deemed to be an obligation pursuant to this § 9 (1)(b); or 
 
(c) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, fails to fulfil one or 
more payment obligations in an amount of not less than Euro 50,000,000 arising 
from any Capital Market Indebtedness or from any guarantee or indemnity given 
in respect of any Capital Market Indebtedness and such default continues for 
more than 30 days after notice thereof is given to the Fiscal Agent by a Holder, 
or any such payment obligation becomes due prematurely by reason of any 
default of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, or a security 
granted for any such payment obligation is enforced; or 
 
(d) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, stops payments or 
announces that it is not in a position to meet its financial obligations; or 
 
(e) insolvency proceedings are opened against the Issuer and such proceedings are 
instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days after institution, 
or the Issuer applies for institution of or institutes such proceedings; or 
 
(f) the Issuer (i) ceases or through an official action of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer threatens to cease to carry on business or (ii) a resolution is passed or an 
order of a court of competent jurisdiction is made that the Issuer be wound up or 
dissolved or (iii) enters into liquidation, in each case unless this is done in 
connection with a merger or other form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes. 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if all events of default provided for 
herein have been cured before such notice has been received by the Fiscal Agent. 
 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, "Material Subsidiary" 
shall mean any company, in which the Issuer or its legal successor directly or 
indirectly holds an interest of more than 50 per cent., provided that such company's 
sales amount to at least one billion Euro as shown in its most recent audited annual 
accounts. 
 
(2) Notice. A Holder shall exercise the right to declare its Notes due by delivering or 
sending by registered mail to the Fiscal Agent evidence of ownership satisfying the 
reasonable requirements of the Fiscal Agent and a written notice in which there shall 
be stated the aggregate principal amount of the Notes declared due. 
 
(3) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraphs (1)(c) or (f), any notice declaring 
Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of the other events 
specified in subparagraphs (1)(a), (b), (d) or (e) entitling Holders to declare their 
Notes due has occurred, become effective only once the Fiscal Agent has received 
such notices from Holders of at least one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount or 
if at that time a smaller amount than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes is 
outstanding in the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes. 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be entitled at any time, without the consent of the 
Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, to 
substitute for the Issuer [insert name of direct or indirect subsidiary] [or] [any direct 
or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer] as principal debtor in respect to all obligations 
arising from or in connection with the Notes (the "Substitute Debtor"), provided that:

--- Page 37 ---
32 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor is legally in a position to fulfil all payment obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes without the necessity of any taxes or duties 
being withheld at source and to transfer all amounts which are required therefor 
to the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions; 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; 
 
(c) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes; 
and 
 
(d) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b), and (c) above have been satisfied. 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 12. 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled 
or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country 
of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, 
in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
[(a)] [If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder in case 
of a Change of Control insert: in § 5(5) the reference to the Issuer shall be deemed 
as a reference to the previous Issuer and not to the Substitute Debtor, if the 
previous Issuer is the parent company of the Substitute Debtor. 
 
If the Substitute Debtor has left the group of the previous Issuer, the reference to 
the Issuer shall be deemed as a reference to the Substitute Debtor. If the 
Substitute Debtor is part of a group, but is not the ultimate parent of such group, 
the reference to the Issuer shall be deemed as a reference to the ultimate parent 
of such group;] 
 
[(b)] in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
[(c)] in § 9(1)(c) to (f) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as 
guarantor shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to 
the Substitute Debtor and each Holder shall have the right to declare its Notes 
due and to demand immediate redemption at the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in § 5), together with the interest accrued up to (but excluding) the day 
of actual redemption, if the guarantee ceases to be valid or legally binding. 
 
In the event of any such substitution, the Substitute Debtor shall succeed to, and be 
substitute for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes 
with the same effect as if the Substitute Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein, 
and the Issuer (or any corporation which shall have previously assumed the 
obligations of the Issuer) shall be released from its liability as obligor under the Notes. 
 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES, CANCELLATION 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects

--- Page 38 ---
33 
(or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest commencement date and/or 
issue price) so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes. 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all 
Holders of such Notes alike. 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be 
reissued or resold. The Issuer will inform such stock exchange(s), if any, on which 
the cancelled Notes are listed of any such cancellation. 
 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
In 
case 
of 
Notes listed on 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
insert: 
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third 
day following the date of such publication. 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the official list of 
and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall 
apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) 
above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
fifth day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
In the case of 
Notes 
which 
are 
unlisted 
insert: 
 
(1) The Issuer shall deliver the relevant notice concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
 
[(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text form 
(Textform) and shall be delivered together with the relevant Note or Notes to the Fiscal 
Agent. So long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any Holder of a Note to the Agent through the Clearing System in 
such manner as the Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE HOLDERS; 
JOINT REPRESENTATIVE 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer may agree with the Holders on 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - "SchVG"), 
as amended from time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent to amendments 
which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 para. 3 of the SchVG, by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the votes of the Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A 
duly passed majority resolution shall be binding equally upon all Holders. 
 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple majority of

--- Page 39 ---
34 
the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of section 5 para. 3 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of at least 
seventy-five per cent. of the voting rights participating in the vote (a "Qualified 
Majority"). 
 
(3) Vote without a meeting. Subject to § 13(4), resolutions of the Holders shall exclusively 
be made by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in 
accordance with section 18 of the SchVG. The request for voting will provide for 
further details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The subject matter 
of the vote as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the Holders 
together with the request for voting. The exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Holders' registration. The registration must be received at the address stated in the 
request for voting no later than the third day preceding the beginning of the voting 
period. As part of the registration, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in 
accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such registration has been sent until and 
including the day the voting period ends. 
 
(4) Second Noteholders' Meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the vote 
without meeting pursuant to § 13(3), the scrutineer (Abstimmungsleiter) may 
convene a noteholders' meeting, which shall be deemed to be a second noteholders' 
meeting within the meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the 
second noteholders' meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be received at the address stated in the convening 
notice no later than the third day preceding the second noteholders' meeting. Holders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text 
form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the day such registration has 
been sent until and including the stated end of the noteholders' meeting. 
 
(5) Holders' representative. [If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes the following applies: The Holders may by majority 
resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative (the 
"Holders' Representative"), the duties and responsibilities and the powers of such 
Holders' Representative, the transfer of the rights of the Holders to the Holders' 
Representative and a limitation of liability of the Holders' Representative. 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative may only be passed by a Qualified Majority 
if such Holders' Representative is to be authorized to consent, in accordance with 
§ 13(2) hereof, to a material change in the substance of the Terms and Conditions.] 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
the following applies: The joint representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall 
be [insert name]. The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and 
responsibilities and powers provided for by law. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times of the amount of its annual remuneration, 
unless the Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The 
provisions of the SchVG apply with respect to the dismissal of the Holders' 
Representative and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative.] 
 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be published exclusively pursuant 
to the provisions of the SchVG. 
 
(7) Amendments of guarantees. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to any guarantee provided in relation to the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
35 
 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION, ENFORCEMENT 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer shall be governed in every respect by German law. 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Essen shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (the "Proceedings") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights 
arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating 
the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement 
and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) which has been confirmed by the 
Clearing System and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the Notes that has 
been certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For the 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognized standing authorized to engage in securities custody business with 
which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and which 
maintains an account with the Clearing System, and includes the Clearing System. 
Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in Proceedings in the 
country in which such Proceedings are conducted. 
 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions are 
in the German 
language with 
an 
English 
language 
translation 
insert: 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions are 
in the English 
language with 
a 
German 
language 
translation 
insert: 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions are 
in the English 
language only 
insert: 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 41 ---
36 
In the case of 
Notes that are 
publicly 
offered, 
in 
whole or in 
part, 
in 
Germany 
or 
distributed, in 
whole or in 
part, to non-
professional 
investors 
in 
Germany with 
English 
language 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
insert: 
[Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Bedingungen wird bei der thyssenkrupp AG, 
thyssenkrupp Allee 1, 45143 Essen, zur kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 42 ---
37 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes – English language Version 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This series of notes (the "Notes") of thyssenkrupp AG (the 
"Issuer") is being issued in [insert Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in 
the aggregate principal amount of [insert aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[insert 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
in 
words])  
in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination]( 4 ) (the "Specified 
Denomination"). 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are 
represented 
by a 
Permanent 
Global Note 
insert: 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without interest coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall 
be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of 
the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are initially 
represented 
by a 
Temporary 
Global Note 
insert: 
 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchanged for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without interest coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note" and 
together the "Global Notes") shall each be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive 
Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later than 180 days after the date of issue of 
the Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be earlier than 40 days after the date of 
issue. Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the 
effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes is not a U. S. person (other 
than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes will be treated as a request to exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes delivered in exchange for 
the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States 
(as defined in § 4 (4)).] 
 
(4) Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than one Clearing System insert: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic of Germany] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium] and any successor in 
such capacity. 
 
4 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in Euro, € 1,000 and, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency nearly equivalent to € 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
38 
 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
(1) Status. The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured (in rem) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured (in rem) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save as otherwise determined by mandatory provisions of 
law. 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes for the entire life of the Notes, but not beyond 
the day on which payment of the final amounts being due for interest, principal and 
any Additional Amounts has been made to the Fiscal Agent, not to secure any present 
or future Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined below), including any guarantees 
or indemnities given therefore, by pledging, assigning, transferring, mortgaging, or 
in any other way creating any in rem security interest over, any of its present or future 
assets under the laws of any country, without at the same time rateably and equally 
extending such security to the Holders or granting them any other, in the opinion of 
an independent reputable expert not less favourable, security, unless such granting 
of security is prescribed by mandatory provisions of law or by governmental authority, 
either in individual cases or generally. 
 
(3) For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Capital Market Indebtedness" shall 
mean any obligation for the payment or repayment of money (including obligations 
by reason of any guarantee or other liability agreement for obligations of third parties) 
that is borrowed either in the form of (i) issues of bonds or similar securities which 
are being, or intended to be, or may be, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any 
stock exchange or over-the-counter or similar securities market or (ii) assignable 
loans (Schuldscheindarlehen). 
 
Any security to be granted in accordance with § 2(2) may also be provided to a person 
acting as trustee for the Holders. 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(a) The Notes bear interest on their principal amount from (and including) [insert 
Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and thereafter from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
 
each [insert Specified Interest Payment Dates]. 
 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day (as defined below), it shall be: 
 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention insert: postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day.]

--- Page 44 ---
39 
 
[if FRN Convention insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the 
Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] after 
the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[if Following Business Day Convention insert: postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day.] 
 
(d) "Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System and [in the case of Notes not denominated in Euro insert: 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant financial 
centres] are generally open for business and settle payments] [in the case of 
Notes denominated in Euro insert: all relevant parts of the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET 2) 
("TARGET") are open to forward the relevant payment]. 
 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the specified currency is EURIBOR, the 
following applies: 
 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) will, except as otherwise provided, be a rate per annum equal to 
the Reference Rate (as defined below) [if Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)]. 
 
The Calculation Agent will, subject to § 3(3), determine the relevant Reference Rate 
in accordance with this § 3(2) on each Interest Determination Date. 
 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Period will be determined as follows: 
 
(a) Initially the Reference Rate for each Interest Period will be the Original Benchmark 
Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date. 
 
(b) If the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear on the Screen Page as at such 
time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, but the Issuer has not 
determined that any Benchmark Event has occurred, the Reference Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date will be the Reference Bank Rate. 
 
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the definition 
of such term, but the Issuer has not determined that any Benchmark Event has 
occurred, the Reference Rate shall be the Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen 
Page on the last day preceding the relevant Interest Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
 
(c) If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Reference Rate 
for each Interest Period commencing on or after the Effective Date (as defined in 
§ 3(3)(g)) will be determined in accordance with § 3(3). 
 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means (subject to § 3(3)) the [insert applicable 
number of months]-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) appearing on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date. 
 
"Reference Bank Rate" means, except as provided below, the rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) at which deposits in the Specified Currency for a term 
corresponding to the term of the Reference Rate are offered by the Reference Banks 
at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date to major banks in the interbank market in the Euro-Zone. The Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered

--- Page 45 ---
40 
quotation. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Reference Bank Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
If on the relevant Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall 
be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates communicated to the Calculation 
Agent, at the request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, by major banks in the 
interbank market of the Euro-Zone as the rates at which deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a term corresponding to the term of the Reference Rate are offered to 
them, by leading banks in the interbank market of the Euro-Zone at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date for a term 
corresponding to the term of the Reference Rate. 
 
Where: 
 
"Screen Page" means REUTERS screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor page. 
 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the European 
Union that have adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome 
on 25 March 1957), as amended. 
 
[If Margin insert: "Margin" means [●] per cent. per annum.] 
 
"Reference Banks" means the principal offices of four major banks in the inter-bank 
market in the Euro-Zone, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from each 
Interest Payment Date (and including) to the following Interest Payment Date (but 
excluding). 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first][second] TARGET Business Day prior 
to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period. "TARGET Business Day" means 
a day on which TARGET is open to effect payments.] 
 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the specified currency is LIBOR, the 
following applies: 
 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) will, except as otherwise provided, be a rate per annum equal to 
the Reference Rate (as defined below) [if Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)]. 
 
The Calculation Agent will, subject to § 3(3), determine the relevant Reference Rate 
in accordance with this § 3(2) on each Interest Determination Date. 
 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Period will be determined as follows: 
 
(a) Initially the Reference Rate for each Interest Period will be the Original Benchmark 
Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date.

--- Page 46 ---
41 
 
(b) If the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear on the Screen Page as at such 
time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, but the Issuer has not 
determined that any Benchmark Event has occurred, the Reference Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date will be the Reference Bank Rate. 
 
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the definition 
of such term, but the Issuer has not determined that any Benchmark Event has 
occurred, the Reference Rate shall be the Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen 
Page on the last day preceding the relevant Interest Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
 
(c) If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Reference Rate 
for each Interest Period commencing on or after the Effective Date (as defined in 
§ 3(3)(g)) will be determined in accordance with § 3(3). 
 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means (subject to § 3(3)) the [insert applicable 
number of months]-months [Insert Specified Currency] London Interbank Offered 
Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) appearing on the Screen Page as 
of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the Interest Determination Date. 
 
"Reference Bank Rate" means, except as provided below, the rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) at which deposits in the Specified Currency for a term 
corresponding to the term of the Reference Rate are offered by the Reference Banks 
at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date to major banks in the London interbank market. The Issuer shall request each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Reference Bank Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
 
If on the relevant Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall 
be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates communicated to the Calculation 
Agent, at the request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, by major banks in the 
London interbank market as the rates at which deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a term corresponding to the term of the Reference Rate are offered to them, by 
leading banks in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date for a term corresponding to the term 
of the Reference Rate. 
 
Where: 
 
"Screen Page" means REUTERS screen page LIBOR01 or any successor page. 
 
[If Margin insert: "Margin" means [●] per cent. per annum.] 
 
"Reference Banks" means the principal offices of four major banks in the London 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from each 
Interest Payment Date (and including) to the following Interest Payment Date (but 
excluding).

--- Page 47 ---
42 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first][second] London Business Day prior 
to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period. "London Business Day" means 
a day which is a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) 
in London.] 
 
(3) Benchmark Event. If the Issuer determines in its reasonable discretion that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Benchmark Rate, the Issuer 
will notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with § 12, the Holders thereof, and the relevant Reference Rate will be 
determined as follows: 
 
(a) Independent Advisor. The Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an Independent 
Advisor as soon as possible, who will determine a New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments. 
 
(b) If prior to any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
 
(i) the Issuer fails to appoint an Independent Advisor; or 
 
(ii) the Independent Advisor appointed by it fails to determine a New Benchmark 
Rate, 
 
the Reference Rate applicable to the immediately following Interest Period shall 
be the Original Benchmark Rate on the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date. 
 
If this § 3(3)(b) is to be applied on the Interest Determination Date prior to the 
commencement of the first Interest Period, the Reference Rate applicable to the 
first Interest Period shall be [the Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on 
the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such Original 
Benchmark Rate was displayed] [[●] per cent. per annum]. 
 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance with this § 3(3)(b) is to be applied, 
§ 3(3) will be operated again to determine the Reference Rate applicable to the 
next following Interest Period.  
 
(c) Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate. If the Independent 
Advisor determines in its reasonable discretion that: 
 
(i) there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, then such Successor Benchmark Rate 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
 
(ii) there is no Successor Benchmark Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, then such Alternative Benchmark Rate shall subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Benchmark Rate, 
 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the immediately following Interest Period 
and all following Interest Periods will be (x) the relevant New Benchmark Rate on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Reference Rate determined pursuant to this 
§ 3(3)(c) shall not apply to any Interest Period to which the Original Benchmark 
Rate, the Reference Bank Rate or a fallback rate determined in accordance with 
§ 3(3)(b) has been applied. 
 
(d) Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant New Benchmark Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread are determined in accordance with this § 3(3), and 
if the Independent Advisor determines in its reasonable discretion that

--- Page 48 ---
43 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such New Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"), then the Independent Advisor will 
determine the Benchmark Amendments in its reasonable discretion and the 
Issuer will give notice thereof in accordance with § 3(3)(e). 
 
The Benchmark Amendments may include without limitation amendments to be 
made to: 
 
(i) the Reference Rate and/or (in replacement of § 3(2)(b) and (c)) the method 
for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Reference Rate, including 
the Reference Bank Rate; and/or 
 
(ii) the definitions of the terms "Screen Page", "Business Day", "Interest Payment 
Date", "Interest Period", "Day Count Fraction" and/or "Interest Determination 
Date" (including the determination whether the Reference Rate will be 
determined on a forward looking or a backward-looking basis); and/or 
 
(iii) the payment business day condition in § 4(5). 
 
(e) Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents no later than five (5) days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date and, in accordance with § 12, to the Holders as soon 
as possible thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
Effective Date. 
 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), each as specified in such notice, will be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders 
(and for the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Holders shall be required). The 
Conditions shall be deemed to have been amended by the New Benchmark Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Effective Date falls in or prior to 
any Interest Period to which the Original Benchmark Rate, the Reference Bank 
Rate or a fallback rate determined in accordance with § 3(3)(b) has been applied 
or (in the case of a fallback rate pursuant to § 3(3)(b)) will be applied, any 
Reference Rate determined pursuant to § 3(3)(c) shall not apply to any such 
Interest Period. 
 
On or prior to the date of such notice, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation 
Agent, Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorized 
signatories of the Issuer: 
 
(i) 
 
(I) confirming that a Benchmark Event has occurred; 
 
(II) specifying the relevant New Benchmark Rate; 
 
(III) specifying the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any); and 
 
(IV) specifying the Effective Date; and 
 
(ii) certifying that the Benchmark Amendments, if any, are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant New Benchmark Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 49 ---
44 
 
(f) Definitions. As used in this § 3(3): 
 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, negative or zero, will be 
expressed in basis points and means either (a) the spread or (b) the result of the 
operation of the formula or methodology for calculating the spread, 
 
(i) which in the case of a Successor Benchmark Rate, is formally recommended 
in relation to the replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate with the 
Successor Benchmark Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
(ii) which (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate) is applied to the New Benchmark Rate in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement reference rate for the Original Benchmark Rate, 
provided that all determinations will be made by the Independent Advisor in 
its reasonable discretion. 
 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for 
the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the Specified Currency, provided that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent Advisor in its reasonable discretion. 
 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in § 3(3)(d). 
 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
 
(i) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate that the Original Benchmark Rate has ceased to be 
representative or an industry accepted rate for debt market instruments such 
as, or comparable to the Notes; or 
 
(ii) the Original Benchmark Rate ceasing to be published on a regular basis or 
ceasing to exist; or 
 
(iii) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Benchmark Rate that 
it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue the publication of the 
Original Benchmark Rate); or 
 
(iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate, that the Original Benchmark Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
 
(v) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate as a consequence of which the Original Benchmark Rate has 
been or will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of 
the relevant Notes; or 
 
(vi) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or any other party to calculate or determine any Reference Rate using the 
Original Benchmark Rate. 
 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body.

--- Page 50 ---
45 
 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Benchmark Rate. 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate: 
 
(i) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Benchmark Rate 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
 
(ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (I) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Original Benchmark Rate relates, (II) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate, (III) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (IV) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
"Effective Date" has the meaning specified in § 3(3)(g). 
 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial advisor experienced in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
 
(g) The effective date for the application of this § 3(3) (the "Effective Date") will be: 
 
(i) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clause (i) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark Event", the date of the public statement by the 
supervisor of the Administrator of the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
 
(ii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clause (ii) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark Event", the date of the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event; or 
 
(iii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clause (iii) or (iv) of the 
definition of the term "Benchmark Event", the date of cessation of publication 
of the Original Benchmark Rate or of the discontinuation of the Original 
Benchmark Rate, as the case may be; or 
 
(iv) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clause (v) or (vi) of the 
definition of the term "Benchmark Event", the date from which the prohibition 
applies. 
 
(h) If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any New Benchmark Rate, § 3(3) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to the replacement of such New Benchmark Rate by any 
new Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, as the case may 
be. 
 
(i) Notwithstanding § 3 (3)(b), if the Independent Advisor appointed by the Issuer 
fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate prior to the date which is five (5) 
Business Days prior the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer may, 
upon not less than 15 days' notice given to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agent and Holders in accordance with § 12, redeem the Notes 
in whole but not in part at any time up to (and including) the relevant subsequent 
Interest Payment Date at the Final Redemption Amount together with interest (if 
any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
 
(4) Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, calculate the amount of interest 
(the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes in respect of each Specified

--- Page 51 ---
46 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) to each Specified Denomination and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
 
(5) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event later than the fourth Business Day 
(as defined in § 3(1)(d)) thereafter and if required by the rules of any stock exchange 
on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange 
on which the Notes are then listed, if the rules of such stock exchange so require. 
 
(6) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and 
the Holders. 
 
(7) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes from (and including) the 
due date to (but excluding) the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the statutory 
default rate of interest.(5) 
 
(8) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation of 
the amount of interest for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is applicable insert: the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365).] 
 
[in case of Actual/365 (Fixed) insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
 
[in case of Actual/360 insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
 
5 
The statutory default rate of interest for the year is five percentage points above the base rate published by Deutsche Bundesbank from 
time to time, sections 288 (1), 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 52 ---
47 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
(1) (a) 
Payment of Principal. Payments of principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payments of interest in respect of the Notes shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note 
insert: Payments of interest in respect of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of 
the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, 
payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
(3) (a) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
(b) No default. The Issuer shall not be in default of its payment obligation if it [in 
case of CBF insert: makes the amount due under these Terms and Conditions 
available to the Clearing System for debit] [in case of ICSDs insert: pays the 
amount due under these Terms and Conditions to the Clearing System], but for 
reasons the Issuer is not responsible for, the Clearing System does not [in case 
of CBF insert: debit] [in case of ICSDs insert: accept] the amount due in full. 
Accordingly, a termination of the Notes pursuant to § 9(1)(a) shall not be possible 
to this extent. 
 
(4) United States. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "United States" 
means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U. S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day, the due date for the relevant payment shall be 
postponed to the next following day that is a Payment Business Day. The Holder 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment as a result of such 
postponement. 
 
"Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business Day. 
 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other than tax reasons insert: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Holder insert: 
the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
 
(7) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit interest or principal 
amounts not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date with 
the Local Court (Amtsgericht) of Essen, even if such Holders are not in default of

--- Page 53 ---
48 
acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right 
of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer 
shall cease. 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [insert 
Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of 
each Note shall be its principal amount. 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If, as a result of a change in or 
amendment of legal provisions, or any amendment to or change in the application 
or official interpretation of such legal provisions, which change is effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer 
becomes obliged to pay Additional Amounts referred to in § 7(1) on the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation cannot 
be avoided by the use of measures available to the Issuer which are, in the 
judgement of the Issuer, reasonable, the Issuer shall be entitled, upon not less than 
30 days and not more than 60 days' notice, to redeem prior to maturity on the first 
day of each calendar month during the life of the Notes all, but not part only, of the 
outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below), together 
with the interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. No redemption pursuant 
to this § 5(2) shall occur more than one month prior to the date at which such change 
in, or amendment of, legal provisions becomes applicable to the Notes for the first 
time. The date fixed for redemption must be an Interest Payment Date. 
 
A redemption by the Issuer pursuant to this § 5(2) shall be effected by irrevocable 
notice to the Holders in accordance with § 12 and must state the date of redemption 
as well as a summary of the facts which constitute the call right. Such notice can 
only be given after the Issuer provided the Fiscal Agent with a statement, signed by 
as many authorized signatories as legally prescribed, to the effect that the Issuer 
cannot, in its judgement, avoid the obligation by the use of measures available to 
the Issuer according to this paragraph (2). In addition, before giving such notice, the 
Issuer must provide the Paying Agent with a legal opinion, issued by a law firm of 
good standing, which states that the Issuer is obliged to pay Additional Amounts 
according to § 7(1) as a result of a change in or amendment of legal provisions, or 
any amendment to or change in the application or official interpretation of such legal 
provisions. 
If the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption 
at the Option 
of the Holder 
in case of a 
Change of 
Control insert: 
[[(3)] Early Redemption in case of a Change of Control. 
(a) A Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) any person or persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on 
behalf of any such person(s), at any time directly or indirectly own(s) or 
acquire(s) (whether or not approved by the Management Board or 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer) (I) more than 50 per cent. of the issued 
ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (II) such number of shares in the capital 
of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights exercisable 
at a general meeting of the Issuer (each, a "Change of Control"); and 
 
(ii) at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Notes or the Issuer 
carry a credit rating requested by the Issuer from any of Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd. (Moody's), S&P Global Inc. (S&P), Fitch Ratings Ltd. (Fitch), or 
any of their respective successors (each, a "Rating Agency") and such rating 
from at least two Rating Agencies or, in the case of less than three ratings, 
of one Rating Agency is within 180 days of such time either downgraded at 
least two notches or withdrawn and is not within such 180-day period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to the credit rating the 
Notes or the Issuer carried at the time of the occurrence of the Change of 
Control by at least one of those Rating Agencies or, in the case of less than

--- Page 54 ---
49 
three ratings, by this Rating Agency or (in the case of a withdrawal) replaced 
by the credit rating the Notes or the Issuer carried at the time of the 
occurrence of the Change of Control from this or any other Rating Agency; 
and 
 
(iii) in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating 
Agencies announce publicly or confirm in writing to the Issuer that such 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change 
of Control. 
 
(b) If a Put Event occurs, each Holder shall have the option to require the Issuer to 
redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) its Notes 
at its principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the Put 
Date in case of a Change of Control (as defined below) (excluding). Such option 
shall operate as set out below. 
 
(c) If a Change of Control occurs, within 21 days of the end of the 180 day period 
referred to in paragraph (a)(ii) above the Issuer shall give notice (a "Put Event 
Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § 12 specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this § 5(3). 
 
(d) To exercise the option to require the redemption or purchase of a Note under this 
§ 5(3) the Holder must deliver its Note(s), on any Payment Business Day falling 
within the period (the "Put Period") of 30 days after a Put Event Notice is given, 
at the specified office of the Paying Agent accompanied by a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from the specified office of the Paying Agent (a "Put Notice in case of a Change 
of Control"). The Paying Agent to which such Note(s) and Put Notice in case of a 
Change of Control are delivered will issue to the Holder concerned a non-
transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. The Issuer shall at its 
option redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Note(s) on 
the date (the "Put Date in case of a Change of Control") seven days after the 
expiration of the Put Period unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. Payment in respect of any Note(s) so delivered will be made, if the 
Holder duly specified in the Put Notice in case of a Change of Control a bank 
account to which payment is to be made, on the Put Date in case of a Change of 
Control by transfer to that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the 
Put Date in case of a Change of Control against presentation and surrender of 
such receipt at the specified office of the Paying Agent. A Put Notice in case of a 
Change of Control, once given, shall be irrevocable. 
 
(e) If the rating designations employed by any of Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed 
from those which are described in paragraph (a)(ii), the Issuer shall determine 
the rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch (as appropriate) as are most 
equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch and 
paragraph (a)(ii) shall be read accordingly. 
 
(f) If 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to the provisions of this 
§ 5(3), the Issuer may, on not less than 30 days or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holder given within 30 days after the Put Date in case of a Change of Control, 
redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes as a whole at a redemption price of 
the principal amount thereof plus interest accrued to but excluding the date of 
such redemption.] 
 
[(4)] Early Redemption Amount. 
 
For purposes of subparagraph (2) of this § 5 and § 9, the Early Redemption Amount 
of a Note shall be its Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 55 ---
50 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT, THE CALCULATION AGENT 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial Paying Agent 
and the initial Calculation Agent and their initial specified offices shall be: 
 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
[If the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed as Calculation Agent insert: The Fiscal Agent 
shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
 
[If a Calculation Agent other than the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed insert: The 
Calculation Agent and its initial specified office shall be: 
 
[Calculation Agent:] 
[insert name and specified office]] 
 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at 
any time to change their specified offices to some other specified office in the same 
country. 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying 
Agents or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent, [in the case of payments in U.S. dollars insert: [,] [and] [(ii)] if payments at 
or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States become illegal 
or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in United States dollars, 
a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City] and [(iii)] a Calculation Agent. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than 
in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
days' nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with § 12. 
 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
(1) Withholding Taxes. All payments of principal and interest will be made without any 
withholding at source or deduction at source of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever kind which are imposed, levied 
or collected by or in or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or by or on 
behalf of a regional or local authority empowered to impose taxes therein 
("Withholding Taxes") unless this is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as may be necessary to ensure the 
payment to the Holders of the full nominal amount of principal and interest. The tax 
on interest (Kapitalertragsteuer) and the solidarity surcharge do not constitute such 
Withholding Tax as described above.

--- Page 56 ---
51 
 
The Issuer shall, however, not be obliged to pay any Additional Amounts on account 
of such Withholding Taxes: 
 
(a) which are payable on payments of principal and interest otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding at source; or 
 
(b) to which the Holder is subject for any reason other than the mere fact of its being 
a holder of Notes or receiving principal or interest in respect thereof, in particular 
if the Holder is subject to such taxes, duties or governmental charges because 
of a personal unrestricted or restricted tax liability or if the Holder for the purposes 
of the relevant tax laws is regarded as an individual or corporate resident in 
another member state of the European Union; or 
 
(c) which are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
 
(d) which are deducted pursuant to section 10 of the German Defence against Tax 
Havens Act (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz). 
 
Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Issuer shall be permitted 
to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of sections 1471 through 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or any amended or successor provisions), 
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted 
by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result 
of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not 
being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer will not 
have any obligation to pay Additional Amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for 
any such FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the Paying Agent 
or any other party. 
 
(2) Issuer's Corporate Seat. If the Issuer moves its corporate seat to another country or 
territory or jurisdiction, each reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be deemed to refer to such other country or territory or 
jurisdiction. 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
The presentation period provided in section 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 of the German 
Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder is entitled to declare its Notes due and to demand 
immediate redemption at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in § 5), 
together with the interest accrued up to (but excluding) the day of actual redemption, 
if: 
 
(a) the Issuer is in default for more than 30 days in the payment of interest, principal 
or any Additional Amounts payable pursuant to § 7(1) on the Notes; or

--- Page 57 ---
52 
 
(b) the Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes, and 
such failure continues for more than 45 days after the Fiscal Agent has received 
written notice thereof from a Holder; or 
 
(c) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, fails to fulfil one or 
more payment obligations in an amount of not less than Euro 50,000,000 arising 
from any Capital Market Indebtedness or from any guarantee or indemnity given 
in respect of any Capital Market Indebtedness and such default continues for 
more than 30 days after notice thereof is given to the Fiscal Agent by a Holder, 
or any such payment obligation becomes due prematurely by reason of any 
default of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, or a security 
granted for any such payment obligation is enforced; or 
 
(d) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, stops payments or 
announces that it is not in a position to meet its financial obligations; or 
 
(e) insolvency proceedings are opened against the Issuer and such proceedings are 
instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days after institution, 
or the Issuer applies for institution of or institutes such proceedings; or 
 
(f) the Issuer (i) ceases or through an official action of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer threatens to cease to carry on business or (ii) a resolution is passed or an 
order of a court of competent jurisdiction is made that the Issuer be wound up or 
dissolved or (iii) enters into liquidation, in each case unless this is done in 
connection with a merger or other form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes. 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if all events of default provided for 
herein have been cured before such notice has been received by the Fiscal Agent. 
 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, "Material Subsidiary" 
shall mean any company, in which the Issuer or its legal successor directly or 
indirectly holds an interest of more than 50 per cent., provided that such company's 
sales amount to at least one billion Euro as shown in its most recent audited annual 
accounts. 
 
(2) Notice. A Holder shall exercise the right to declare its Notes due by delivering or 
sending by registered mail to the Fiscal Agent evidence of ownership satisfying the 
reasonable requirements of the Fiscal Agent and a written notice in which there shall 
be stated the aggregate principal amount of the Notes declared due. 
 
(3) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraphs (1)(c) or (f), any notice declaring 
Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of the other events 
specified in subparagraphs (1)(a), (b), (d) or (e) entitling Holders to declare their 
Notes due has occurred, become effective only once the Fiscal Agent has received 
such notices from Holders of at least one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount or 
if at that time a smaller amount than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes is 
outstanding in the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes. 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be entitled at any time, without the consent of the 
Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, to 
substitute for the Issuer [insert name of direct or indirect subsidiary] [or] [any direct 
or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer] as principal debtor in respect to all obligations 
arising from or in connection with the Notes (the "Substitute Debtor"), provided that:

--- Page 58 ---
53 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor is legally in a position to fulfil all payment obligations 
arising from or in connection with the Notes without the necessity of any taxes or 
duties being withheld at source and to transfer all amounts which are required 
therefor to the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions; 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; 
 
(c) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes; 
and 
 
(d) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b), and (c) above have been satisfied. 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 12. 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled 
or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country 
of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, 
in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
[(a)] [If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder in case 
of a Change of Control insert: in § 5(3) the reference to the Issuer shall be 
deemed as a reference to the previous Issuer and not to the Substitute Debtor, 
if the previous Issuer is the parent company of the Substitute Debtor. 
 
If the Substitute Debtor has left the group of the previous Issuer, the reference 
to the Issuer shall be deemed as a reference to the Substitute Debtor. If the 
Substitute Debtor is part of a group, but is not the ultimate parent of such group, 
the reference to the Issuer shall be deemed as a reference to the ultimate parent 
of such group;] 
 
[(b)] in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
[(c)] in § 9(1)(c) to (f) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as 
guarantor shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to 
the Substitute Debtor and each Holder shall have the right to declare its Notes 
due and to demand immediate redemption at the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in § 5), together with the interest accrued up to (but excluding) the day 
of actual redemption, if the guarantee ceases to be valid or legally binding. 
 
In the event of any such substitution, the Substitute Debtor shall succeed to, and be 
substitute for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes 
with the same effect as if the Substitute Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein, 
and the Issuer (or any corporation which shall have previously assumed the obligations 
of the Issuer) shall be released from its liability as obligor under the Notes. 
 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES, CANCELLATION 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects

--- Page 59 ---
54 
(or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest commencement date and/or 
issue price) so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes. 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all 
Holders of such Notes alike. 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be 
reissued or resold. The Issuer will inform such stock exchange(s), if any, on which 
the cancelled Notes are listed of any such cancellation. 
 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
In case of 
Notes listed 
on the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
insert: 
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third 
day following the date of such publication. 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the official list of 
and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall 
apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) 
above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
fifth day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are unlisted 
insert: 
(1) The Issuer shall deliver the relevant notice concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
 
[(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text form 
(Textform) and shall be delivered together with the relevant Note or Notes to the Fiscal 
Agent. So long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any Holder of a Note to the Agent through the Clearing System in 
such manner as the Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE HOLDERS; 
JOINT REPRESENTATIVE 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer may agree with the Holders on 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - "SchVG"), 
as amended from time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent to amendments 
which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 para. 3 of the SchVG, by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the votes of the Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A 
duly passed majority resolution shall be binding equally upon all Holders. 
 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple majority of 
the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of section 5 para. 3

--- Page 60 ---
55 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of at least 
seventy-five per cent. of the voting rights participating in the vote (a "Qualified 
Majority"). 
 
(3) Vote without a meeting. Subject to § 13(4), resolutions of the Holders shall exclusively 
be made by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in 
accordance with section 18 of the SchVG. The request for voting will provide for 
further details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The subject matter 
of the vote as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the Holders 
together with the request for voting. The exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Holders' registration. The registration must be received at the address stated in the 
request for voting no later than the third day preceding the beginning of the voting 
period. As part of the registration, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in 
accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such registration has been sent until and 
including the day the voting period ends. 
 
(4) Second Noteholders' Meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the vote 
without meeting pursuant to § 13(3), the scrutineer (Abstimmungsleiter) may 
convene a noteholders' meeting, which shall be deemed to be a second noteholders' 
meeting within the meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the 
second noteholders' meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be received at the address stated in the convening 
notice no later than the third day preceding the second noteholders' meeting. Holders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text 
form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the day such registration has 
been sent until and including the stated end of the noteholders' meeting. 
 
(5) Holders' representative. [If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes the following applies: The Holders may by majority 
resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative (the 
"Holders' Representative"), the duties and responsibilities and the powers of such 
Holders' Representative, the transfer of the rights of the Holders to the Holders' 
Representative and a limitation of liability of the Holders' Representative. 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative may only be passed by a Qualified Majority 
if such Holders' Representative is to be authorized to consent, in accordance with 
§ 13(2) hereof, to a material change in the substance of the Terms and Conditions.] 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
the following applies: The joint representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall be 
[insert name]. The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities and 
powers provided for by law. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to 
ten times of the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative 
has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with 
respect to the dismissal of the Holders' Representative and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative.] 
 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be published exclusively pursuant 
to the provisions of the SchVG. 
 
(7) Amendments of guarantees. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to any guarantee provided in relation to the Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
56 
 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION, ENFORCEMENT 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer shall be governed in every respect by German law. 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Essen shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (the "Proceedings") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights 
arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating 
the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement 
and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) which has been confirmed by the 
Clearing System and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the Notes that has 
been certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For the 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognized standing authorized to engage in securities custody business with 
which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and which 
maintains an account with the Clearing System, and includes the Clearing System. 
Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in Proceedings in the 
country in which such Proceedings are conducted. 
 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions are 
in the German 
language with 
an English 
language 
translation 
insert: 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions are 
in the English 
language with 
a German 
language 
translation 
insert: 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions are 
in the English 
language only 
insert: 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 62 ---
57 
In the case of 
Notes that are 
publicly 
offered, in 
whole or in 
part, in 
Germany or 
distributed, in 
whole or in 
part, to non-
professional 
investors in 
Germany with 
English 
language 
Terms and 
Conditions 
insert: 
[Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Bedingungen wird bei der thyssenkrupp AG, 
thyssenkrupp Allee 1, 45143 Essen, zur kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 63 ---
58 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions for Zero Coupon Notes – English language Version 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This series of notes (the "Notes") of thyssenkrupp AG (the 
"Issuer") is being issued in [insert Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in 
the aggregate principal amount of [insert aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[insert 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
in 
words])  
in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination]( 6 ) (the "Specified 
Denomination"). 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
In the case 
of Notes 
which are 
represented 
by a 
Permanent 
Global Note 
insert: 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without interest coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall 
be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of 
the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
In the case 
of Notes 
which are 
initially re-
presented by 
a Temporary 
Global Note 
insert: 
 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchanged for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without interest coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note" and 
together the "Global Notes") shall each be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes 
and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on 
a date (the "Exchange Date") not later than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be earlier than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes is not a U. S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note 
will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall 
be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Notes will be treated 
as a request to exchange the Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph 
(b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined in § 4 (4)).] 
 
(4) Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than one Clearing System insert: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic of Germany] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
 
6 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in Euro, € 1,000 and, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency nearly equivalent to € 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
59 
 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
(1) Status. The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured (in rem) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured (in rem) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save as otherwise determined by mandatory provisions of 
law. 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes for the entire life of the Notes, but not beyond 
the day on which payment of the final amounts being due for interest, principal and 
any Additional Amounts has been made to the Fiscal Agent, not to secure any present 
or future Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined below), including any guarantees or 
indemnities given therefore, by pledging, assigning, transferring, mortgaging, or in 
any other way creating any in rem security interest over, any of its present or future 
assets under the laws of any country, without at the same time rateably and equally 
extending such security to the Holders or granting them any other, in the opinion of 
an independent reputable expert not less favourable, security, unless such granting of 
security is prescribed by mandatory provisions of law or by governmental authority, 
either in individual cases or generally. 
 
(3) For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Capital Market Indebtedness" shall 
mean any obligation for the payment or repayment of money (including obligations by 
reason of any guarantee or other liability agreement for obligations of third parties) 
that is borrowed either in the form of (i) issues of bonds or similar securities which are 
being, or intended to be, or may be, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock 
exchange or over-the-counter or similar securities market or (ii) assignable loans 
(Schuldscheindarlehen). 
 
Any security to be granted in accordance with § 2(2) may also be provided to a person 
acting as trustee for the Holders. 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be any periodic payments of interest 
on the Notes during their term. 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes from (and including) the due 
date to (but excluding) the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the statutory 
default rate of interest.(7) 
 
(3) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation of the 
amount of interest for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[in the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Note Basis insert: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th 
or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
7 
The statutory default rate of interest for the year is five percentage points above the base rate published by Deutsche Bundesbank from 
time to time, sections 288 (1), 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 65 ---
60 
 
[in the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis insert: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of 
the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the Final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date 
is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[in the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
 
[in the case of Actual/360 insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payments of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, subject 
to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, 
payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
(3) (a) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
(b) No default. The Issuer shall not be in default of its payment obligation if it [in case 
of CBF insert: makes the amount due under these Terms and Conditions available 
to the Clearing System for debit] [in case of ICSDs insert: pays the amount due 
under these Terms and Conditions to the Clearing System], but for reasons the 
Issuer is not responsible for, the Clearing System does not [in case of CBF insert: 
debit] [in case of ICSDs insert: accept] the amount due in full. Accordingly, a 
termination of the Notes pursuant to § 9(1)(a) shall not be possible to this extent. 
 
(4) United States. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "United States" means 
the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day, the due date for the relevant payment shall be 
postponed to the next following day that is a Payment Business Day. The Holder shall 
not be entitled to any interest or other payment as a result of such postponement. 
 
"Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business Day. 
 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System and [in the case of Notes not denominated in Euro insert: commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant financial centres] are 
generally open for business and settle payments] [in the case of Notes denominated 
in Euro insert: all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET 2) ("TARGET") are open to forward the 
relevant payment]. 
 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other than tax reasons insert: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Holder insert:

--- Page 66 ---
61 
the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
 
(7) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit any interest or principal 
amounts not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date with the 
Local Court (Amtsgericht) of Essen, even if such Holders are not in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right 
of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [insert 
Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of 
each Note shall be its principal amount. 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If, as a result of a change in or amendment 
of legal provisions, or any amendment to or change in the application or official 
interpretation of such legal provisions, which change is effective on or after the date 
on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer becomes 
obliged to pay Additional Amounts referred to in § 7(1) at maturity or upon the sale or 
exchange of any Note, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of measures 
available to the Issuer which are, in the judgement of the Issuer, reasonable, the Issuer 
shall be entitled, upon not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days' notice, to 
redeem prior to maturity on the first day of each calendar month during the life of the 
Notes all, but not part only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined below), together with the interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
No redemption pursuant to this § 5(2) shall occur more than one month prior to the 
date at which such change in, or amendment of, legal provisions becomes applicable 
to the Notes for the first time. 
 
A redemption by the Issuer pursuant to this § 5(2) shall be effected by irrevocable 
notice to the Holders in accordance with § 12 and must state the date of redemption 
as well as a summary of the facts which constitute the call right. Such notice can only 
be given after the Issuer provided the Fiscal Agent with a statement, signed by as 
many authorized signatories as legally prescribed, to the effect that the Issuer cannot, 
in its judgement, avoid the obligation by the use of measures available to the Issuer 
according to this paragraph (2). In addition, before giving such notice, the Issuer must 
provide the Paying Agent with a legal opinion, issued by a law firm of good standing, 
which states that the Issuer is obliged to pay Additional Amounts according to § 7(1) 
as a result of a change in or amendment of legal provisions, or any amendment to or 
change in the application or official interpretation of such legal provisions. 
If the Notes 
are subject 
to Early 
Redemption 
at the Option 
of the Issuer 
insert: 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
all or some only of the Notes within the Call Redemption Period[s] at the Call 
Redemption Amount[s] set forth below. 
 
Call Redemption Period[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Period[s]] 
[___________________________] 
[___________________________] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount[s]] 
[___________________________] 
[___________________________]

--- Page 67 ---
62 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: The Issuer 
may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note 
under subparagraph (4) of this § 5.] 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 12. Such notice shall specify: 
 
(i) the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) whether such series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
(iii) the redemption date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 
days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; and 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System.] 
If the Notes 
are subject 
to Early 
Redemption 
at the Option 
of the Holder 
insert: 
[[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date[s] at the Put Redemption Amount[s] set forth below. 
 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Dates[s]] 
[___________________________] 
[___________________________] 
Put Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount[s]] 
[___________________________] 
[___________________________] 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject 
of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such Note under this 
§ 5. 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), send to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in written form ("Put 
Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received after 5:00 p. m. Frankfurt time 
on the 30th day before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been 
validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes, if any [in the case the Global Note is kept in 
custody by CBF, insert: and (iii) contact details as well as a bank account]. The Put 
Notice may be in the form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent 
and the Paying Agent in the German and English language. No option so exercised 
may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes 
in respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the 
Issuer or to its order.] 
If the Notes 
are subject 
to Early 
Redemption 
[[(5)] Early Redemption in case of a Change of Control. 
(a) A Put Event will be deemed to occur if:

--- Page 68 ---
63 
at the Option 
of the Holder 
in case of a 
Change of 
Control 
insert: 
(i) any person or persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on 
behalf of any such person(s), at any time directly or indirectly own(s) or 
acquire(s) (whether or not approved by the Management Board or Supervisory 
Board of the Issuer) (I) more than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share 
capital of the Issuer or (II) such number of shares in the capital of the Issuer 
carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights exercisable at a general 
meeting of the Issuer (each, a "Change of Control"); and 
 
(ii) at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Notes or the Issuer 
carry a credit rating requested by the Issuer from any Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd. (Moody's), S&P Global Inc. (S&P), Fitch Ratings Ltd. (Fitch), or any 
of their respective successors (each, a "Rating Agency") and such rating from 
at least two Rating Agencies or, in the case of less than three ratings, of one 
Rating Agency is within 180 days of such time either downgraded at least two 
notches or withdrawn and is not within such 180-day period subsequently (in 
the case of a downgrade) upgraded to the credit rating the Notes or the Issuer 
carried at the time of the occurrence of the Change of Control by at least one 
of those Rating Agencies or, in the case of less than three ratings, by this 
Rating Agency or (in the case of a withdrawal) replaced by the credit rating the 
Notes or the Issuer carried at the time of the occurrence of the Change of 
Control from this or any other Rating Agency; and 
 
(iii) in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating 
Agencies announce publicly or confirm in writing to the Issuer that such 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of 
Control. 
 
(b) If a Put Event occurs, each Holder shall have the option to require the Issuer to 
redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) its Notes 
at their [principal amount together with interest accrued, if any, to but excluding 
the Put Date in case of a Change of Control (as defined below) (excluding)][Early 
Redemption Amount]. Such option shall operate as set out below. 
 
(c) If a Change of Control occurs, within 21 days of the end of the 180 day period 
referred to in paragraph (a)(ii) above the Issuer shall give notice (a "Put Event 
Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § 12 specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this § 5[(5)]. 
 
(d) To exercise the option to require the redemption or purchase of a Note under this 
§ 5[(5)] the Holder must deliver its Note(s), on any Business Day falling within the 
period (the "Put Period") of 30 days after a Put Event Notice is given, at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent accompanied by a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of the Paying Agent (a "Put Notice in case of a Change of Control"). 
The Paying Agent to which such Note(s) and Put Notice in case of a Change of 
Control are delivered will issue to the Holder concerned a non-transferable receipt 
in respect of the Note so delivered. The Issuer shall at its option redeem or 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Note(s) on the date (the "Put 
Date in case of a Change of Control") seven days after the expiration of the Put 
Period unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled. Payment in 
respect of any Note(s) so delivered will be made, if the Holder duly specified in the 
Put Notice in case of a Change of Control a bank account to which payment is to 
be made, on the Put Date in case of a Change of Control by transfer to that bank 
account and, in every other case, on or after the Put Date in case of a Change of 
Control against presentation and surrender of such receipt at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent. A Put Notice in case of a Change of Control, once given, shall 
be irrevocable. 
 
(e) If the rating designations employed by any of Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed 
from those which are described in paragraph (a)(ii), the Issuer shall determine the 
rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch (as appropriate) as are most

--- Page 69 ---
64 
equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch and paragraph 
(a)(ii) shall be read accordingly. 
 
(f) If 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to the provisions of this 
§ 5[(5)], the Issuer may, on not less than 30 days or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holder given within 30 days after the Put Date in case of a Change of Control, 
redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes as a whole at a redemption price of the 
[principal amount thereof plus interest accrued, if any, to but excluding the date of 
such redemption][Early Redemption Amount].] 
 
[[(6)] Early Redemption Amount. 
 
For purposes of subparagraph (2) [and] [,] [(3)] [and] [,] [(4)] [and] [(5)] of this § 5 
and § 9, the Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be calculated as follows: 
 
(a) The Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
 
(i) [insert Reference Price] (the "Reference Price"), and 
 
(ii) the product of [insert Amortization Yield in per cent.] (the "Amortization Yield") 
and the Reference Price from (and including) [insert Issue Date] to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which the Notes become due and payable, whereby the Amortization Yield shall 
be compounded annually. 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of 
years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year (the "Calculation 
Period") shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined in § 3). 
 
(b) If the Issuer fails to pay the Early Redemption Amount when due, such amount 
shall be calculated as provided herein, except that references in subparagraph 
(a)(ii) above to the date fixed for redemption or the date on which such Note 
becomes due and repayable shall refer to the date on which payment is made.] 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT AND THE PAYING AGENT 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial Paying Agent and 
its initial specified office shall be: 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent reserve the right at any time to change its 
specified office to some other specified office in the same country. 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent and to 
appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying Agents. The Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, [in the case of payments in U. S. dollars insert: [,] 
[and] [(ii)] if payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United 
States become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts 
in United States dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City]. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the

--- Page 70 ---
65 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 days' 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent act solely as the agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for any Holders. 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
(1) Withholding Taxes. All payments of principal and interest will be made without any 
withholding at source or deduction at source of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever kind which are imposed, levied or 
collected by or in or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or by or on behalf 
of a regional or local authority empowered to impose taxes therein ("Withholding 
Taxes") unless this is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts ("Additional Amounts") as may be necessary to ensure the payment to the 
Holders of the full nominal amount of principal and interest. The tax on interest 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) and the solidarity surcharge do not constitute such Withholding 
Tax as described above. 
 
The Issuer shall, however, not be obliged to pay any Additional Amounts on account 
of such Withholding Taxes: 
 
(a) which are payable on payments of principal and interest otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding at source; or 
 
(b) to which the Holder is subject for any reason other than the mere fact of its being 
a holder of Notes or receiving principal or interest in respect thereof, in particular 
if the Holder is subject to such taxes, duties or governmental charges because of 
a personal unrestricted or restricted tax liability or if the Holder for the purposes of 
the relevant tax laws is regarded as an individual or corporate resident in another 
member state of the European Union; or 
 
(c) which are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal Republic 
of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
 
(d) which are deducted pursuant to section 10 of the German Defence against Tax 
Havens Act (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz). 
 
Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Issuer shall be permitted 
to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of sections 1471 through 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or any amended or successor provisions), 
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement 
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of a holder, 
beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not being entitled 
to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer will not have any obligation 
to pay Additional Amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any such FATCA 
withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the Paying Agent or any other party. 
 
(2) Issuer's Corporate Seat. If the Issuer moves its corporate seat to another country or 
territory or jurisdiction, each reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be deemed to refer to such other country or territory or 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 71 ---
66 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
The presentation period provided in section 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 of the German 
Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder is entitled to declare its Notes due and to demand 
immediate redemption at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in § 5), together 
with the interest accrued up to (but excluding) the day of actual redemption, if: 
 
(a) the Issuer is in default for more than 30 days in the payment of interest, principal 
or any Additional Amounts payable pursuant to § 7(1) on the Notes; or 
 
(b) the Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes, and 
such failure continues for more than 45 days after the Fiscal Agent has received 
written notice thereof from a Holder; or 
 
(c) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, fails to fulfil one or more 
payment obligations in an amount of not less than Euro 50,000,000 arising from 
any Capital Market Indebtedness or from any guarantee or indemnity given in 
respect of any Capital Market Indebtedness and such default continues for more 
than 30 days after notice thereof is given to the Fiscal Agent by a Holder, or any 
such payment obligation becomes due prematurely by reason of any default of the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, or a security granted for 
any such payment obligation is enforced; or 
 
(d) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, stops payments or 
announces that it is not in a position to meet its financial obligations; or 
 
(e) insolvency proceedings are opened against the Issuer and such proceedings are 
instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days after institution, 
or the Issuer applies for institution of or institutes such proceedings; or 
 
(f) the Issuer (i) ceases or through an official action of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer threatens to cease to carry on business or (ii) a resolution is passed or an 
order of a court of competent jurisdiction is made that the Issuer be wound up or 
dissolved or (iii) enters into liquidation, in each case unless this is done in 
connection with a merger or other form of combination with another company and 
such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with 
the Notes. 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if all events of default provided for herein 
have been cured before such notice has been received by the Fiscal Agent. 
 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, "Material Subsidiary" shall 
mean any company, in which the Issuer or its legal successor directly or indirectly 
holds an interest of more than 50 per cent., provided that such company's sales 
amount to at least one billion Euro as shown in its most recent audited annual 
accounts. 
 
(2) Notice. A Holder shall exercise the right to declare its Notes due by delivering or 
sending by registered mail to the Fiscal Agent evidence of ownership satisfying the 
reasonable requirements of the Fiscal Agent and a written notice in which there shall 
be stated the aggregate principal amount of the Notes declared due.

--- Page 72 ---
67 
 
(3) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraphs (1)(c) or (f), any notice declaring 
Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of the other events 
specified in subparagraphs (1)(a), (b), (d) or (e) entitling Holders to declare their Notes 
due has occurred, become effective only once the Fiscal Agent has received such 
notices from Holders of at least one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount or if at 
that time a smaller amount than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes is 
outstanding in the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes. 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be entitled at any time, without the consent of the 
Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, to 
substitute for the Issuer [insert name of direct or indirect subsidiary] [or] [any direct or 
indirect subsidiary of the Issuer] as principal debtor in respect to all obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes (the "Substitute Debtor"), provided that: 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor is legally in a position to fulfil all payment obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes without the necessity of any taxes or duties 
being withheld at source and to transfer all amounts which are required therefor to 
the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions; 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; 
 
(c) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes; and 
 
(d) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each jurisdiction 
affected of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), 
(b), and (c) above have been satisfied. 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 12. 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or 
resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in 
the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
[(a)] [If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder in case 
of a Change of Control insert: in § 5(5) the reference to the Issuer shall be deemed 
as a reference to the previous Issuer and not to the Substitute Debtor, if the 
previous Issuer is the parent company of the Substitute Debtor. 
 
If the Substitute Debtor has left the group of the previous Issuer, the reference to 
the Issuer shall be deemed as a reference to the Substitute Debtor. If the Substitute 
Debtor is part of a group, but is not the ultimate parent of such group, the reference 
to the Issuer shall be deemed as a reference to the ultimate parent of such group;] 
 
[(b)] in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall 
be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according to the 
preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes 
of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
[(c)] in § 9(1)(c) to (f) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the 
Substitute Debtor and each Holder shall have the right to declare its Notes due and 
to demand immediate redemption at the Early Redemption Amount (as described

--- Page 73 ---
68 
in § 5), together with the interest accrued up to (but excluding) the day of actual 
redemption, if the guarantee ceases to be valid or legally binding. 
 
In the event of any such substitution, the Substitute Debtor shall succeed to, and be 
substitute for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes with 
the same effect as if the Substitute Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein, and the 
Issuer (or any corporation which shall have previously assumed the obligations of the 
Issuer) shall be released from its liability as obligor under the Notes. 
 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES, CANCELLATION 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest commencement date and/or 
issue price) so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes. 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases 
are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be 
reissued or resold. The Issuer will inform such stock exchange(s), if any, on which the 
cancelled Notes are listed of any such cancellation. 
 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
In case of 
Notes listed 
on the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
insert: 
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third 
day following the date of such publication. 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the official list 
of and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall 
apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) 
above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
In the case 
of Notes 
which are 
unlisted 
insert: 
(1) The Issuer shall deliver the relevant notice concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
 
[(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text form 
(Textform) and shall be delivered together with the relevant Note or Notes to the Fiscal 
Agent. So long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may 
be given by any Holder of a Note to the Agent through the Clearing System in such 
manner as the Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose.

--- Page 74 ---
69 
 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE HOLDERS; 
JOINT REPRESENTATIVE 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer may agree with the Holders on 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - "SchVG"), as amended 
from time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent to amendments which 
materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 para. 3 of the SchVG, by resolutions passed 
by such majority of the votes of the Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A duly 
passed majority resolution shall be binding equally upon all Holders. 
 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple majority of 
the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of section 5 para. 3 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of at least 
seventy-five per cent. of the voting rights participating in the vote (a "Qualified 
Majority"). 
 
(3) Vote without a meeting. Subject to § 13(4), resolutions of the Holders shall exclusively 
be made by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in 
accordance with section 18 of the SchVG. The request for voting will provide for further 
details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the Holders together with 
the request for voting. The exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be received at the address stated in the request for 
voting no later than the third day preceding the beginning of the voting period. As part 
of the registration, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote 
by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) 
and (b) hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the 
day such registration has been sent until and including the day the voting period ends. 
 
(4) Second Noteholders' Meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the vote 
without meeting pursuant to § 13(3), the scrutineer (Abstimmungsleiter) may convene 
a noteholders' meeting, which shall be deemed to be a second noteholders' meeting 
within the meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the second 
noteholders' meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be received at the address stated in the convening 
notice no later than the third day preceding the second noteholders' meeting. Holders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text 
form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the day such registration has 
been sent until and including the stated end of the noteholders' meeting. 
 
(5) Holders' representative. [If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes the following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution 
provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative (the "Holders' 
Representative"), the duties and responsibilities and the powers of such Holders' 
Representative, the transfer of the rights of the Holders to the Holders' Representative 
and a limitation of liability of the Holders' Representative. Appointment of a Holders' 
Representative may only be passed by a Qualified Majority if such Holders' 
Representative is to be authorized to consent, in accordance with § 13(2) hereof, to a 
material change in the substance of the Terms and Conditions.] 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
following applies: The joint representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall be [insert 
name]. The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities and powers 
provided for by law. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times

--- Page 75 ---
70 
of the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted 
wilfully or with gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with respect to the 
dismissal of the Holders' Representative and the other rights and obligations of the 
Holders' Representative.] 
 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be published exclusively pursuant 
to the provisions of the SchVG. 
 
(7) Amendments of guarantees. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to any guarantee provided in relation to the Notes. 
 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION, ENFORCEMENT 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer shall be governed in every respect by German law. 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Essen shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (the "Proceedings") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising 
under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom 
such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full 
name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) which has been confirmed by the 
Clearing System and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the Notes that has 
been certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For the 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognized standing authorized to engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and which maintains 
an account with the Clearing System, and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder 
may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under these 
Notes also in any other way which is admitted in Proceedings in the country in which 
such Proceedings are conducted. 
 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
are in the 
German 
language 
with an 
English 
language 
translation 
insert: 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
are in the 
English 
language 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 76 ---
71 
with a 
German 
language 
translation 
insert: 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
are in the 
English 
language 
only insert: 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.] 
In the case 
of Notes that 
are publicly 
offered, in 
whole or in 
part, in 
Germany or 
distributed, 
in whole or in 
part, to non-
professional 
investors in 
Germany 
with English 
language 
Terms and 
Conditions 
insert: 
[Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Bedingungen wird bei der thyssenkrupp AG, 
thyssenkrupp Allee 1, 45143 Essen, zur kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 77 ---
72 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN - GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
(Deutsche Fassung der Emissionsbedingungen) 
Die Emissionsbedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen (die "Emissionsbedingungen") sind nachfolgend in 
drei Optionen aufgeführt. 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Serien von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Serien von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option III umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Serien von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung findet. 
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und 
Erklärungen in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I, Option II oder Option III 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder 
auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben hatte, 
die auf eine einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Platzhalter 
in eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden 
Angaben enthalten. 
[Im Fall, dass die Optionen, die für eine einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
durch Verweis auf die weiteren Optionen bestimmt werden, die im Satz der Emissionsbedingungen der Option I, 
Option II oder Option III enthalten sind: 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. 
Die 
Leerstellen 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in den endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, 
als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder 
wählbare Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen; 
sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. 
Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle des Emissionsstelle 
sowie bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für die 
Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 78 ---
73 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
OPTION I – Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
(1) Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der thyssenkrupp AG (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) 
in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung einfügen]( 8 ) (die "Festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die von 
Anfang an 
durch eine 
Dauer-
globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
einfügen: 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde wird von oder im Namen der Emittentin unterschrieben und ist 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
einfügen: 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde-Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde" und zusammen die 
"Globalurkunden") werden jeweils von oder im Namen der Emittentin 
unterschrieben und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Der Austauschtag darf nicht weniger als 
40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen 
über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Solange die Schuldverschreibungen durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses 
§ 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Schuldverschreibungen, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert werden.] 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
 
8 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt € 1.000, bzw. falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen Währung als 
Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen dem Gegenwert 
von € 1.000 annähernd entspricht.

--- Page 79 ---
74 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearingsystem 
einfügen: 
jeweils] 
folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgien] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVERKLÄRUNG 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen stellen direkte, unbedingte, nicht dinglich 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin dar und stehen im 
gleichen Rang untereinander sowie im gleichen Rang mit allen anderen 
gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen nicht dinglich besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, soweit zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen nichts 
anderes vorschreiben. 
 
(2) Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, während der gesamten Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen, jedoch nicht länger als bis zu dem Tag, an dem die Zahlung 
der letzten Beträge für Zinsen, Kapital und etwaiger Zusatzbeträge an den Fiscal 
Agent geleistet worden ist, zukünftig keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten aus Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie nachstehend definiert) 
einschließlich übernommener Garantien und anderer Gewährleistungen durch 
Verpfändung, Abtretung, Übertragung, Hypothekenbestellung oder sonstiger 
dinglicher Sicherungsrechte an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerten 
der Emittentin nach dem Recht jedweder Rechtsordnung zu sichern, sofern eine 
solche Sicherheit nicht gleichzeitig, anteilig und gleichrangig den Gläubigern 
eingeräumt oder ihnen nicht eine andere, nach Auffassung eines angesehenen, 
unabhängigen Sachverständigen mindestens gleichwertige Sicherheit gewährt wird, 
es sei denn, dass eine solche Besicherung gesetzlich zwingend oder behördlich im 
Einzelfall oder generell vorgeschrieben ist. 
 
(3) "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bedeutet für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
jede Verpflichtung zur Zahlung oder Rückzahlung von Geldern (einschließlich 
Verpflichtungen aus Garantien oder anderen Haftungsvereinbarungen für 
Verbindlichkeiten von Dritten) aus (i) Emissionen von Schuldverschreibungen oder 
ähnlichen Wertpapieren, die an einer Wertpapierbörse, im Freiverkehr oder einem 
anderen Wertpapiermarkt notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt werden oder notiert, 
eingeführt oder gehandelt werden sollen oder können oder (ii) Schuldscheindarlehen. 
 
Eine nach § 2 Absatz (2) zu leistende Sicherheit kann zugunsten eines Treuhänders 
der Gläubiger bestellt werden. 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf 
ihren Nennbetrag verzinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz (1) 
definiert) (ausschließlich) [im Falle eines Zins Sustainability Step-Up, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: vorbehaltlich § 3 Absatz (5)] mit jährlich [Zinssatz einfügen] % [im Falle 
eines Zins Sustainability Step-Up, ist folgendes anwendbar: (der "Ursprüngliche 
Zinssatz")]. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e) einfügen] eines jeden 
Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am 
[ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste 
Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, einfügen: und beläuft sich auf [die 
anfänglichen Bruchteilzinsbeträge je Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] je 
Festgelegter Stückelung.] [Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin ist, einfügen:

--- Page 80 ---
75 
Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [den letzten dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehenden 
Festzinstermin einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) 
belaufen sich auf [die abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbeträge je Festgelegte Stückelung 
einfügen] je Festgelegter Stückelung.] 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht zurückzahlt, wird der ausstehende Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen vom 
Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes 
für Verzugszinsen verzinst.(9) 
 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum 
von weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der 
Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung von 
Zinsbeträgen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA 
Regelung 
251) 
und 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
kürzer 
ist 
als 
die 
Zinsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt, oder ihr entspricht (einschließlich Im Fall eines kurzen 
Kupons) einfügen: die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt 
durch [Im Fall von Zinsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr einfügen: das Produkt 
aus (1)] Anzahl der Tage in der Zinsperiode, in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt 
[Im Fall von Zinsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr einfügen: und (2) der Anzahl 
von Zinsperioden, die normalerweise in einem Jahr enden würden].] 
 
[lm 
Falle 
von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA 
Regelung 
251) 
und 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als eine Zinsperiode (langer Kupon) einfügen: 
die Summe von: 
 
(A) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Zinsperiode fallen, 
in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch [Im Fall von 
Zinsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr einfügen: das Produkt aus (1)] Anzahl der 
Tage in dieser Zinsperiode [Im Fall von Zinsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr 
einfügen: und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären;] und 
 
(B) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die darauffolgende 
Zinsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Fall von Zinsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr 
einfügen: das Produkt aus (1)] Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode [Im Fall von 
Zinsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr einfügen: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinsperioden, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das 
gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären]. 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). [Im Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes einfügen: Zum Zwecke der 
Bestimmung der maßgeblichen Zinsperiode gilt der [Fiktiven Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall eines ersten oder letzten langen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
einfügen: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
maßgeblichen Zinsperiode gelten der [Fiktive Zinszahlungstage einfügen] als 
Zinszahlungstage].] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Note Basis einfügen: die Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln 
 
9 
Der gesetzlich festgelegte Satz für Verzugszinsen beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB).

--- Page 81 ---
76 
ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. 
Tag eines Monates, während der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder 
auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder 
(B) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des 
Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis einfügen: die Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, 
und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass Im Fall einer am Fälligkeitstag 
endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 Tagen verlängert 
gilt).] 
 
[im Falle eines Zins Sustainability Step-up mit einem Nachhaltigkeits-
Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag und ein/zwei/drei KPI, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
mit Zins 
Sustainability 
Step-up mit 
einem 
Nachhaltigkeit
s-
Leistungskenn
zahl 
Beobachtungs
stichtag und 
ein/zwei/drei 
KPI einfügen 
(5) Anpassung des Zinssatzes bei Eintritt eines Step-up-Ereignisses. Der auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen zu zahlende Zinssatz wird im Fall eines Step-up-Ereignisses 
folgendermaßen angepasst: 
 
Wenn das Step-up-Ereignis eintritt, erhöht sich der Zinssatz für die Zinsperiode, die 
an dem Step-up-Tag beginnt und jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode [●] [auf die Summe 
aus dem Ursprünglichen Zinssatz und [●]% per annum] (der "Angepasste Zinssatz"). 
 
"Step-up-Tag" bezeichnet [●] [den Zinszahlungstag, der dem Mitteilungstag oder 
dem [fünften] [●] Geschäftstag nach Ende der Ausschlussfrist unmittelbar nachfolgt, 
je nachdem was früher eintritt]. 
 
Falls das Step-up-Ereignis eingetreten ist, hat die Emittentin: 
 
(i) 
den Eintritt des Step-up-Ereignisses, und 
(ii) 
den Angepassten Zinssatz 
 
unverzüglich (ohne schuldhaftes Zögern) nach der Veröffentlichung des 
Nachhaltigkeitsberichts für das an dem Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl-
Beobachtungsstichtag endende Geschäftsjahr, spätestens jedoch an dem [fünften] 
[●] Geschäftstag nach Ende der Ausschlussfrist, gemäß Ziffer 12 mitzuteilen (der Tag, 
an dem die Emittentin diese Mitteilung veröffentlicht, der "Mitteilungstag").

--- Page 82 ---
77 
 
"Ausschlussfrist" bezeichnet [●]. 
 
Das "Step-up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn eines der folgenden Ereignisse eintritt: 
 
(A) Die 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
vor 
Ablauf 
der 
Ausschlussfrist 
(i) 
keinen 
Nachhaltigkeitsbericht 
für 
das 
an 
dem 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl 
Beobachtungsstichtag 
endende 
Geschäftsjahr 
oder 
(ii) 
keine 
Zertifizierungsbestätigung in Bezug auf diesen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht. 
 
(B) Die Emittentin veröffentlicht zwar vor Ablauf der Ausschlussfrist einen 
Nachhaltigkeitsbericht 
für 
das 
an 
dem 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl 
Beobachtungsstichtag endende Geschäftsjahr und eine Zertifizierungsbestätigung in 
Bezug auf diesen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht, jedoch 
 
1. bestätigt die Zertifizierungsbestätigung nicht, dass [die KPI das NEZ erreicht oder 
übertrifft] [sowohl die KPI 1 das NEZ 1 erreicht oder übertrifft und die KPI 2 das 
NEZ 2 erreicht oder übertrifft] [alle drei, die KPI 1 das NEZ 1 erreicht oder 
übertrifft, die KPI 2 das NEZ 2 erreicht oder übertrifft und die KPI 3 das NEZ 3 
erreicht oder übertrifft]; oder 
 
2. enthält die Zertifizierungsbestätigung einen Hinweis, dass (i) die Unabhängige 
Prüfstelle [das] [ein] NEZ nicht berechnen oder feststellen kann oder (ii) die 
Berechnung oder Feststellung der Unabhängigen Prüfstelle nur mit einem 
Vorbehalt oder einer Einschränkung in Bezug auf die Berechnung oder die 
Feststellung [der] [des] NEZ erfolgen kann oder erfolgte. 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
 
"KPI [1]" bezeichnet die folgende Leistungskennzahl: [von der Emittentin in 
Übereinstimmung mit dem relevanten Framework der Emittentin zu bestimmen]. 
 
["KPI [2]" bezeichnet die folgende Leistungskennzahl: [von der Emittentin in 
Übereinstimmung mit dem relevanten Framework der Emittentin zu bestimmen].] 
 
["KPI [3]" bezeichnet die folgende Leistungskennzahl: [von der Emittentin in 
Übereinstimmung mit dem relevanten Framework der Emittentin zu bestimmen].] 
 
[(und KPI 1[,] [und] KPI 2 [und KPI 3] jeweils ein "KPI")]. 
 
"Unabhängige Prüfstelle" bezeichnet [●]. 
 
"Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel [1]" oder "NEZ [1]" bezeichnet, [dass [●] bis zum 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag [Zielvorgabe einfügen und 
präzisieren] [erreicht oder übertroffen hat][unterschreitet]][●]. 
 
["Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel 2" oder "NEZ 2" bezeichnet, [dass [●] bis zum 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag [Zielvorgabe einfügen und 
präzisieren] [erreicht oder übertroffen hat][unterschreitet]][●].] 
 
["Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel 3" oder "NEZ 3" bezeichnet, [dass [●] bis zum 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag [Zielvorgabe einfügen und 
präzisieren] [erreicht oder übertroffen hat][unterschreitet]][●].] 
 
[(und NEZ 1[,] [und] NEZ 2 [und NEZ 3] jeweils ein "NEZ")]. 
 
[im Falle eines Verwässerungsschutzes einfügen: Sofern die Emittentin vernünftigerweise 
und unter Beachtung des Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben feststellt, dass eine von 
der Emittentin durchgeführte Transaktion eine verwässernde Wirkung auf [das][ein] NEZ

--- Page 83 ---
78 
hat, wird die Emittentin dieser verwässernden Wirkung Rechnung tragen und das 
jeweilige NEZ in ihrem billigen Ermessen gemäß § 315 BGB und unter Berücksichtigung 
des Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben bestmöglich anpassen, sodass die verwässernde 
Wirkung entfällt oder jedenfalls minimiert wird. Die Emittentin wird den Gläubigern 
[das][die] angepasste[n] NEZ unverzüglich gemäß § 12 mitteilen. Eine von der Emittentin 
vorgenommene und gemäß § 12 mitgeteilte Anpassung ist für die Gläubiger bindend.] 
 
"Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag" bezeichnet [●]. 
 
"Nachhaltigkeitsbericht" bezeichnet [●]. 
 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet wesentliche Restrukturierungsmaßnahmen (z.B. Übernahmen, 
Veräußerungen oder Fusionen) der thyssenkrupp AG und aller mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen im Sinne des Aktiengesetzes. 
 
"Zertifizierungsbestätigung" ist [●]. 
 
[●]] 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen von Kapital. Zahlungen von Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Zahlungen von Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
einfügen: 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 
Absatz (3)(b).] 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
(3) (a) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(b) Kein Verzug. Die Emittentin gerät mit ihrer Zahlungspflicht nicht in Verzug, wenn 
sie den unter diesen Emissionsbedingungen geschuldeten Betrag [im Fall von 
CBF einfügen: dem Clearingsystem vollständig zur Abbuchung bereitstellt] [im 
Fall der ICSDs einfügen: an das Clearingsystem zahlt], das Clearingsystem jedoch 
aus Gründen, die nicht von der Emittentin zu vertreten sind, den geschuldeten 
Betrag nicht vollständig [im Fall von CBF einfügen: abruft] [im Fall der ICSDs 
einfügen: 
annimmt]. 
Entsprechend 
ist 
eine 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach § 9 Absatz (1)(a) insoweit nicht möglich. 
 
(4) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich

--- Page 84 ---
79 
Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
(5) Zahltag. Sofern der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag fällt, der kein Zahltag ist, so wird der Tag der 
Fälligkeit für diese Zahlung auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, der ein Zahltag 
ist. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf 
Grund dieser Verschiebung zu verlangen. 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet jeden Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist. 
 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an dem 
das 
Clearingsystem 
geöffnet 
ist 
und 
[bei 
nicht 
auf 
Euro 
lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren angeben] geöffnet sind und Zahlungen 
abwickeln] [bei auf Euro lautenden Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: alle betroffenen 
Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System (TARGET 2) ("TARGET") geöffnet sind, um die betreffenden 
Zahlungen weiterzuleiten]. 
 
(6) Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 
zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge ein. 
 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Essen Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ohne 
Rückzahlungs 
Sustainability 
Step-up 
einfügen: 
[(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
mit 
Rückzahlungs 
Sustainability 
[(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht, vorbehaltlich des Eintritts eines Anpassungs-Ereignisses, dem 
Nennbetrag.

--- Page 85 ---
80 
Step-up 
einfügen: 
 
Falls das Anpassungs-Ereignis eingetreten ist, beläuft sich der Rückzahlungsbetrag 
jeder Schuldverschreibung auf [ihren Nennbetrag zuzüglich einer Erhöhung um [●] 
(entsprechend einer Erhöhung um [●] Basispunkte)][●] und die Emittentin muss eine 
Mitteilung über: 
 
(i) 
den Eintritt des Anpassungs-Ereignisses, und 
(ii) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
unverzüglich (ohne schuldhaftes Zögern) nach der Veröffentlichung des 
Nachhaltigkeitsberichts für das an dem Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl-
Beobachtungsstichtag endende Geschäftsjahr, spätestens jedoch an dem [fünften] 
[●] Geschäftstag nach Ende der Ausschlussfrist, gemäß §12 veröffentlichen (der Tag, 
an dem die Emittentin diese Mitteilung veröffentlicht, der "Mitteilungstag"). 
 
Das "Anpassungs-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn eines der folgenden Ereignisse eintritt: 
 
(A) Die 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
vor 
Ablauf 
der 
Ausschlussfrist 
(i) 
keinen 
Nachhaltigkeitsbericht 
für 
das 
an 
dem 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl 
Beobachtungsstichtag 
endende 
Geschäftsjahr 
oder 
(ii) 
keine 
Zertifizierungsbestätigung in Bezug auf diesen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht. 
 
(B) Die Emittentin veröffentlicht zwar vor Ablauf der Ausschlussfrist einen 
Nachhaltigkeitsbericht 
für 
das 
an 
dem 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl 
Beobachtungsstichtag endende Geschäftsjahr und eine Zertifizierungsbestätigung in 
Bezug auf diesen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht, jedoch 
 
1. bestätigt die Zertifizierungsbestätigung nicht, dass [die KPI das NEZ erreicht oder 
übertrifft] [sowohl die KPI 1 das NEZ 1 erreicht oder übertrifft und die KPI 2 das 
NEZ 2 erreicht oder übertrifft] [alle drei, die KPI 1 das NEZ 1 erreicht oder 
übertrifft, die KPI 2 das NEZ 2 erreicht oder übertrifft und die KPI 3 das NEZ 3 
erreicht oder übertrifft]; oder 
 
2. enthält die Zertifizierungsbestätigung einen Hinweis, dass (i) die Unabhängige 
Prüfstelle [die] [ein] NEZ nicht berechnen oder feststellen kann oder (ii) die 
Berechnung oder Feststellung der Unabhängigen Prüfstelle nur mit einem 
Vorbehalt oder einer Einschränkung in Bezug auf die Berechnung oder die 
Feststellung [der] [des] NEZ erfolgen kann oder erfolgte. 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
 
"Ausschlussfrist" bezeichnet [●]. 
 
"KPI [1]" bezeichnet die folgende Leistungskennzahl: [von der Emittentin in 
Übereinstimmung mit dem relevanten Framework der Emittentin zu bestimmen]. 
 
["KPI [2]" bezeichnet die folgende Leistungskennzahl: [von der Emittentin in 
Übereinstimmung mit dem relevanten Framework der Emittentin zu bestimmen].] 
 
["KPI [3]" bezeichnet die folgende Leistungskennzahl: [von der Emittentin in 
Übereinstimmung mit dem relevanten Framework der Emittentin zu bestimmen].] 
 
[(und KPI 1[,] [und] KPI 2 [und KPI 3] jeweils ein "KPI")].

--- Page 86 ---
81 
 
"Unabhängige Prüfstelle" bezeichnet [●]. 
 
"Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel [1]" oder "NEZ [1]" bezeichnet, [dass [●] bis zum 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag [Zielvorgabe einfügen und 
präzisieren] [erreicht oder übertroffen hat][unterschreitet]][●]. 
 
["Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel 2" oder "NEZ 2" bezeichnet, [dass [●] bis zum 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag [Zielvorgabe einfügen und 
präzisieren] [erreicht oder übertroffen hat][unterschreitet]][●].] 
 
["Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel 3" oder "NEZ 3" bezeichnet, [dass [●] bis zum 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag [Zielvorgabe einfügen und 
präzisieren] [erreicht oder übertroffen hat][unterschreitet]][●].] 
 
[(und NEZ 1[,] [und] NEZ 2 [und NEZ 3] jeweils ein "NEZ")]. 
 
[im Falle eines Verwässerungsschutzes einfügen: Sofern die Emittentin vernünftigerweise 
und unter Beachtung des Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben feststellt, dass eine von 
der Emittentin durchgeführte Transaktion eine verwässernde Wirkung auf [das][ein] NEZ 
hat, wird die Emittentin dieser verwässernden Wirkung Rechnung tragen und das 
jeweilige NEZ in ihrem billigen Ermessen gemäß § 315 BGB und unter Berücksichtigung 
des Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben bestmöglich anpassen, sodass die verwässernde 
Wirkung entfällt oder jedenfalls minimiert wird. Die Emittentin wird den Gläubigern 
[das][die] angepasste[n] NEZ unverzüglich gemäß § 12 mitteilen. Eine von der Emittentin 
vorgenommene und gemäß § 12 mitgeteilte Anpassung ist für die Gläubiger bindend.] 
 
"Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag" bezeichnet [●]. 
 
"Nachhaltigkeitsbericht" bezeichnet [●]. 
 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet wesentliche Restrukturierungsmaßnahmen (z.B. Übernahmen, 
Veräußerungen oder Fusionen) der thyssenkrupp AG und aller mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen im Sinne des Aktiengesetzes. 
 
"Zertifizierungsbestätigung" ist [●]. 
 
[●]] 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Sollte die Emittentin infolge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung von Rechtsvorschriften oder als Folge einer Ergänzung 
oder Änderung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung der Rechtsvorschriften 
verpflichtet werden (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder 
nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird, wirksam), irgendwelche in § 7 Absatz (1) genannten zusätzlichen 
Beträge am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) zu 
zahlen und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen von der Emittentin zur 
Verfügung stehenden, im Ermessen der Emittentin angemessenen Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann, so ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die umlaufenden 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, aber nicht nur teilweise, mit einer Frist von 
wenigstens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen zum 1. Tag eines jeden Kalendermonats 
während der Laufzeit der Anleihe vorzeitig zu kündigen, und zwar zu ihrem vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
aufgelaufener Zinsen. Eine Kündigung gemäß diesem § 5 Absatz (2) darf jedoch nicht 
zu einem Termin erfolgen, der dem Tag, an welchem die Änderung oder Ergänzung 
von Rechtsvorschriften erstmals auf diese Anleihe anwendbar wird, mehr als einen 
Monat vorangeht. 
 
Eine Kündigung gemäß diesem § 5 Absatz (2) erfolgt durch unwiderrufliche 
Bekanntmachung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 und muss den Rückzahlungstag

--- Page 87 ---
82 
sowie in zusammengefasster Form die Tatsachen angeben, die das Kündigungsrecht 
begründen. Vor einer solchen Bekanntmachung muss die Emittentin eine von der 
gesetzlich erforderlichen Zahl von Unterschriftsberechtigten unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung darüber, dass es der Emittentin nicht durch nach ihrem Ermessen 
angemessene Maßnahmen möglich ist, die Verpflichtung gemäß diesem Absatz (2) 
zu vermeiden, dem Fiscal Agent zuschicken. Weiterhin muss die Emittentin dem 
Fiscal Agent vor der Bekanntmachung ein Rechtsgutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei zusenden, aus dem sich ergibt, dass die Emittentin infolge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung von Rechtsvorschriften oder als Folge einer Ergänzung 
oder Änderung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung der Rechtsvorschriften 
zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge gemäß § 7 Absatz (1) verpflichtet ist. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise innerhalb des/der Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[zeitraums/-zeiträume] 
(Call) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[betrag/beträgen] (Call), wie nachfolgend angegeben, nebst 
etwaigen bis zum maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[zeitraum/-
zeiträume] (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs[zeitraum/-
zeiträume] einfügen] 
 
[______________________________] 
[______________________________] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag/- 
beträge] (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag/beträge] 
einfügen] 
 
[_______________________________] 
[_______________________________]10 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, einfügen: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz (4) dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekannt zu geben. Sie muss die folgenden Angaben 
enthalten: 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(iii) den Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt.] 
 
10 
Im Falle einer Sustainability Step-Up-Struktur gemäß § 5 Absatz (1), entsprechende Bestimmungen zum Anpassungsmechanismus des 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen.

--- Page 88 ---
83 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
einfügen: 
[[(4)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger [am/an] den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[en] (Put) 
zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag/beträgen] (Put), wie nachfolgend 
angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e]  
einfügen] 
 
[___________________________] 
[___________________________] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag/beträge] (Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag/beträge] 
einfügen] 
 
[___________________________] 
[___________________________] 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach 
diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung 
gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine schriftliche Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung ("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die 
Ausübungserklärung am 30. Tag vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) nach 
17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird [und][,] (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) [im 
Fall der Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF einfügen: und (iii) 
Kontaktdaten sowie eine Kontoverbindung]. Für die Ausübungserklärung kann 
ein Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent in 
deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist, verwendet werden. Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt 
nur gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren 
Order.] 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
im Fall eines 
Kontroll-
wechsels 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
einfügen: 
[[(5)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) Ein Rückzahlungsereignis gilt als eingetreten, wenn: 
(i) eine Person oder mehrere Personen, die abgestimmt handeln, oder einer 
oder mehrere Dritte, die im Auftrag einer solchen Person oder Personen 
handeln, zu irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder unmittelbar (unabhängig davon, 
ob der Vorstand oder der Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin seine Zustimmung erteilt 
hat) (I) mehr als 50 % des ausstehenden Grundkapitals der Emittentin oder 
(II) eine solche Anzahl von Aktien der Emittentin hält bzw. halten oder 
erworben hat bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 50 % der bei 
Hauptversammlungen der Emittentin stimmberechtigten Stimmrechte 
entfallen, (jeweils ein "Kontrollwechsel"); und 
 
(ii) die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
die 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
des 
Kontrollwechsels über ein im Auftrag der Emittentin erteiltes Rating von 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd. (Moody's), S&P Global Inc. (S&P), Fitch 
Ratings Ltd. (Fitch) oder einer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaft (jeweils eine 
"Rating Agentur") verfügen und dieses Rating von mindestens zwei Rating 
Agenturen oder, sofern weniger als drei Ratings bestehen, von einer Rating 
Agentur innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Kontrollwechsel um mindestens

--- Page 89 ---
84 
zwei Ratingstufen abgesenkt oder das Rating zurückgezogen wird und nicht 
innerhalb dieser 180-Tagesperiode anschließend (im Fall einer Absenkung) 
durch mindestens eine dieser beiden Rating Agenturen oder, sofern weniger 
als drei Ratings bestehen, durch diese Rating Agentur wieder auf das bei 
Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels bestehende Rating angehoben oder (im Fall einer 
Zurückziehung) durch das bei Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels bestehende Rating 
dieser oder einer anderen Rating Agentur ersetzt wird; und 
 
(iii) im Zusammenhang mit einer der o.g. Änderungen die betreffenden Rating 
Agenturen öffentlich bekannt gemacht oder gegenüber der Emittentin 
schriftlich bestätigt haben, dass diese Änderung ganz oder teilweise auf den 
Kontrollwechsel zurückzuführen ist. 
 
(b) Wenn ein Rückzahlungsereignis eintritt, hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der 
Emittentin die Rückzahlung oder, nach Wahl der Emittentin, den Ankauf seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin (oder auf ihre Veranlassung durch 
einen Dritten) zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels (ausschließlich) zu verlangen. 
Diese Option ist wie nachstehend beschrieben auszuüben. 
 
(c) Wenn ein Kontrollwechsel eintritt, wird die Emittentin innerhalb von 21 Tagen 
nach Ablauf der in (a)(ii) genannten 180 Tage-Frist den Gläubigern Mitteilung vom 
Rückzahlungsereignis gemäß § 12 machen (die "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in der 
die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses sowie das Verfahren für die 
Ausübung der in diesem § 5 [Absatz (5)] genannten Option angegeben sind. 
 
(d) Zur 
Ausübung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
bzw. 
Ankaufsoption 
für 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Maßgabe dieses § 5 [Absatz (5)] muss der Gläubiger 
seine Schuldverschreibung(en) an einem Geschäftstag innerhalb eines Zeitraums 
(der 
"Rückzahlungszeitraum") 
von 
30 
Tagen, 
nachdem 
die 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
bei 
der 
angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Zahlstelle unter Beifügung einer ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllten 
und unterzeichneten Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels 
einreichen, die in ihrer jeweils maßgeblichen Form bei der angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Zahlstelle erhältlich ist (die "Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines 
Kontrollwechsels"). Die Zahlstelle, der die Schuldverschreibung(en) und die 
Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels übermittelt werden, wird dem 
Gläubiger eine nichtübertragbare Quittung für die Schuldverschreibung 
ausstellen. Die Emittentin wird nach ihrer Wahl die maßgebliche(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) 7 Tage nach Ablauf des Rückzahlungszeitraums (der 
"Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels") zurückzahlen oder erwerben 
(bzw. erwerben lassen), soweit sie nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt oder 
erworben wurde(n). Die Zahlung in Bezug auf solchermaßen eingereichte 
Schuldverschreibung(en) erfolgt entweder am Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines 
Kontrollwechsels auf ein Bankkonto des Gläubigers, falls der Gläubiger ein 
solches Konto in der Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels 
ordnungsgemäß bezeichnet hat, bzw. in anderen Fällen am oder nach dem 
Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels gegen Vorlage und 
Aushändigung der Quittung bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der Zahlstelle. 
Eine einmal gegebene Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels ist 
unwiderruflich. 
 
(e) Falls sich die von Moody's, S&P oder Fitch verwendeten Rating Kategorien 
gegenüber denen, die in Absatz (a)(ii) angegeben wurde, ändern sollten, wird die 
Emittentin diejenigen Rating Kategorien von Moody's, S&P bzw. Fitch bestimmen, 
die den früheren Rating Kategorien von Moody's, S&P bzw. Fitch möglichst nahe 
kommen; (a)(ii) ist dann entsprechend auszulegen. 
(f) Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags der dann ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 5 
[Absatz 
(5)] 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückerworben wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, nach vorheriger 
Bekanntmachung, die innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem Rückzahlungstag im Fall 
eines Kontrollwechsels erfolgen muss, gegenüber den Gläubigern mit einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden

--- Page 90 ---
85 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag im 
Fall eines Kontrollwechsels (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück zu 
zahlen.] 
 
[(6)] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
Für die Zwecke des Absatzes (2) dieses § 5 und des § 9, entspricht der vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent und die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
 
Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle im selben 
Land zu ersetzen. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder einer Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) einen Fiscal Agent unterhalten, 
[im Fall von Zahlungen in US-Dollar einfügen:[,] [und] [(ii)] falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie nachstehend definiert) auf Grund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York 
City unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel 
wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle handeln 
ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
(1) Quellensteuern. Kapital und Zinsen sind ohne Einbehalt an der Quelle oder Abzug an 
der Quelle von oder wegen irgendwelchen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern, 
Abgaben, Veranlagungen oder regierungsseitigen Gebühren gleich welcher Art, die 
von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder 
für Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder 
Behörde auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden ("Quellensteuern"), zu zahlen, 
es sei denn, dies ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin 
diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, um die Zahlung von Zinsen und Kapital zum jeweiligen vollen Nennbetrag an 
die Gläubiger sicherzustellen. Die Kapitalertragsteuer und der Solidaritätszuschlag 
sind keine Quellensteuern im obengenannten Sinne.

--- Page 91 ---
86 
 
Die Emittentin ist jedoch zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge wegen solcher 
Quellensteuern nicht verpflichtet, 
 
(a) die auf andere Weise als durch Abzug an der Quelle oder Einbehalt an der Quelle 
aus Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen zu entrichten sind; oder 
 
(b) denen der Gläubiger aus irgendeinem anderen Grund als allein der bloßen 
Tatsache, dass er Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen oder Empfänger von 
Kapital oder Zinsen aus den Schuldverschreibungen ist, unterliegt, und zwar 
insbesondere wenn der Gläubiger auf Grund einer persönlichen unbeschränkten 
oder beschränkten Steuerpflicht derartigen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben 
unterliegt, oder wenn der Gläubiger für die Zwecke der betreffenden 
Steuergesetze als gebietsansässige natürliche oder juristische Person in einem 
anderen Mitgliedsstaat der Europäischen Union angesehen wird; oder 
 
(c) die auf Grund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
(d) die auf Grund von § 10 des Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetzes abzuziehen sind. 
 
Ungeachtet hierin enthaltener anders lautender Bestimmungen darf die Emittentin 
Beträge, wie von den Regeln der Abschnitte 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code (oder geänderten oder nachfolgenden Vorschriften) verlangt, auf Grund von 
zwischenstaatlichen Verträgen oder Durchführungsvorschriften, die von einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung im Zusammenhang mit diesen Vorschriften verabschiedet 
wurden, oder gemäß eines Vertrags mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service, als Folge 
dessen, dass ein Gläubiger, wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer oder ein Intermediär, der 
kein Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin ist, nicht berechtigt ist, Zahlungen ohne FATCA 
Einbehalt zu erhalten, einbehalten oder abziehen ("FATCA Einbehalt"). Die Emittentin 
hat keine Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen oder zu einer 
anderweitigen Entschädigung eines Gläubigers für solche FATCA Einbehalte, die von 
der Emittentin, der Zahlstelle oder einer anderen Partei abgezogen oder einbehalten 
werden. 
 
(2) Sitzverlegung der Emittentin. Im Fall einer Sitzverlegung der Emittentin in ein anderes 
Land oder Territorium oder Hoheitsgebiet gilt jede in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik Deutschland fortan auf dieses 
andere Land, Territorium oder Hoheitsgebiet bezogen. 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen 
fällig zu stellen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 beschrieben) zuzüglich der bis zu (aber 
ausschließlich) dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu 
verlangen, falls:

--- Page 92 ---
87 
 
(a) die Emittentin mit der Zahlung von Zinsen, Kapital oder etwaigen gemäß § 7 
Absatz (1) zusätzlich geschuldeten Beträgen für die Schuldverschreibungen 
länger als 30 Tage im Verzug ist; oder 
 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt, und diese Unterlassung 45 Tage 
nach Eingang einer schriftlichen Nachricht eines Gläubigers an den Fiscal Agent 
fortdauert; zur Klarstellung: weder die Verpflichtung zur Veröffentlichung (i) der 
Mitteilung über den Eintritt eines [Step-up-Ereignisses] [und] [Anpassungs-
Ereignisses], 
(ii) 
eines 
Nachhaltigkeitsberichts, 
(iii) 
einer 
Zertifizierungsbestätigung, (iv) der Bestellung, Beendigung der Bestellung und 
Neubestellung der Unabhängigen Prüfstelle noch die Verpflichtung zur Bestellung 
einer Unabhängigen Prüfstelle (jeweils wie in [§ 3 Absatz (5)][§ 5 Absatz (1)]) gilt 
als sonstige Verpflichtung im Sinne dieses § 9 Absatz (1)(b); oder 
 
(c) die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft eine oder mehrere 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen in einer Gesamtsumme von mindestens Euro 
50.000.000,-, die sich aus anderen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten oder aus einer 
Garantie oder einer Gewährleistung für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten ergibt, nicht 
erfüllt, und die Nichterfüllung länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem der Fiscal 
Agent hierüber von einem Gläubiger eine Benachrichtigung erhalten hat, oder 
eine solche Zahlungsverpflichtung auf Grund einer Nichterfüllung von 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin oder einer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft 
vorzeitig fällig wird, oder eine für eine solche Zahlungsverpflichtung gewährte 
Sicherheit durchgesetzt wird; oder 
 
(d) die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ihre Zahlungen einstellt 
oder erklärt, dass sie nicht in der Lage ist, ihren finanziellen Verpflichtungen 
nachzukommen; oder 
 
(e) ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, und ein solches Verfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht binnen 60 Tagen nach Einleitung aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt worden ist oder die Emittentin die Eröffnung eines solchen Verfahrens 
beantragt; oder 
 
(f) die Emittentin (i) ihren Geschäftsbetrieb einstellt oder dies durch offizielle 
Handlung ihres Vorstandes androht, (ii) ein Beschluss getroffen wird oder eine 
Anordnung eines zuständigen Gerichts ergeht, die auf die Auflösung oder 
Liquidation der Emittentin gerichtet sind, oder (iii) in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, 
dies geschieht jeweils im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer 
anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft und diese 
Gesellschaft 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
übernimmt, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls alle hier aufgeführten Kündigungsgründe geheilt 
sind, bevor dem Fiscal Agent eine solche Benachrichtigung zugegangen ist. 
 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen ist jede 
Gesellschaft, an der die Emittentin oder ihre Rechtsnachfolgerin unmittelbar oder 
mittelbar mit mehr als 50 % beteiligt ist, soweit die Gesellschaft nach ihrem letzten 
testierten Jahresabschluss einen Umsatz von mindestens 1,0 Mrd. Euro erzielt hat. 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Die Fälligstellung hat in der Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Gläubiger 
dem Fiscal Agent einen, den Fiscal Agent bei angemessenen Anforderungen 
zufriedenstellenden, Eigentumsnachweis und eine schriftliche Kündigungserklärung 
übergibt oder durch eingeschriebenen Brief sendet, in der der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
fällig gestellten Schuldverschreibungen angegeben ist. 
 
(3) Quorum. Für den Fall, dass ein in Unterabschnitt (c) oder (f) des vorstehenden 
Absatzes 
(1) 
beschriebenes 
Ereignis 
eintritt, 
wird 
jede 
Erklärung, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig stellt, erst dann wirksam, wenn der Fiscal Agent solche 
Erklärungen von Gläubigern erhalten hat, die mindestens ein Zehntel des

--- Page 93 ---
88 
Gesamtnennbetrages oder, sofern zu diesem Zeitpunkt ein geringerer Betrag als der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen aussteht, des dann ausstehenden 
Kapitalbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen halten, es sei denn, dass zu der Zeit, in 
der die Erklärung zugeht, irgendein anderes der in Absatz (1)(a), (b), (d) oder (e) 
beschriebenen Ereignisse eingetreten ist, das die Gläubiger zur Fälligstellung 
berechtigt. 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger [die [Namen der unmittelbaren oder mittelbaren 
Tochtergesellschaft 
einfügen]] 
[oder] 
[eine 
unmittelbare 
oder 
mittelbare 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin] als Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
einzusetzen, sofern: 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin rechtlich in der Lage ist, sämtliche sich aus oder in dem 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen ohne die Notwendigkeit eines Einbehalts von 
irgendwelchen Steuern oder Abgaben an der Quelle zu erfüllen sowie die hierzu 
erforderlichen Beträge ohne Beschränkungen an den Fiscal Agent übertragen 
können; 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
(c) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge garantiert; 
 
(d) ein Rechtsgutachten einer anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei nach dem Recht, dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin unterliegt, bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b) und (c) erfüllt wurden. 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 12 bekannt zu machen. 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
[(a)] [Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall eines 
Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: in § 5 Absatz (5) gilt die 
Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf die bisherige Emittentin und 
nicht auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin, solange die bisherige Emittentin die 
Muttergesellschaft der Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist. 
 
Sollte die Nachfolgeschuldnerin aus dem Konzernverbund mit der bisherigen 
Emittentin ausgeschieden sein, gilt die Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin ab diesem 
Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin. Sofern die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin Teil einer Gruppe, jedoch nicht die Obergesellschaft dieser 
Gruppe ist, gilt die Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf die 
Obergesellschaft dieser Gruppe;] 
 
[(b)] in § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme

--- Page 94 ---
89 
nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
[(c)] in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (f) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in 
ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) sowie das Recht jedes Gläubigers, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig zu stellen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 beschrieben) zuzüglich der bis zu (aber 
ausschließlich) dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu 
verlangen, falls die Garantie ungültig wird oder nicht mehr rechtsverbindlich ist. 
 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung folgt die Nachfolgeschuldnerin der Emittentin als 
Rechtsnachfolgerin nach, ersetzt diese und darf alle Rechte und Befugnisse der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen mit der gleichen Wirkung geltend 
machen, als wenn die Nachfolgeschuldnerin in diesen Emissionsbedingungen als 
Emittentin genannt worden wäre, und die Emittentin (bzw. die Gesellschaft, die zuvor 
die Verpflichtungen der Emittentin übernommen hat) wird von ihren Verpflichtungen 
als Schuldnerin aus den Schuldverschreibungen befreit. 
 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF, ENTWERTUNG 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden und eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. Die Emittentin wird die Börse(n), soweit zutreffend, an der (denen) die 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, über diese Entwertung informieren. 
 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die an der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, 
einfügen: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der official 
list der Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel an der Luxemburger Börse 
zugelassen sind, findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Börse dies sonst zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.

--- Page 95 ---
90 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die an keiner 
Börse notiert 
sind, 
einfügen: 
(1) Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, Mitteilungen die Schuldverschreibungen betreffend an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
 
[(3)] 
Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform erfolgen und zusammen mit der oder den betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibung(en) an den Fiscal Agent geleitet werden. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen durch eine Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, kann eine solche 
Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger an den Fiscal Agent über das Clearingsystem in der 
vom Fiscal Agent und dem Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
(1) Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen. Die Emittentin kann gemäß §§ 5 ff. des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den 
Gläubigern Änderungen an den Emissionsbedingungen vereinbaren, wenn die 
Gläubiger einen entsprechenden Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können die 
Gläubiger durch Beschlüsse der in Absatz (2) genannten Mehrheit insbesondere 
Änderungen zustimmen, welche den wesentlichen Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen 
verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen. Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des folgenden Satzes und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger 
Beschlüsse mit einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen fassen. Beschlüsse, 
welche den wesentlichen Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen verändern, insbesondere 
in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nrn. 1 bis 9 SchVG, bedürfen der qualifizierten Mehrheit 
von mindestens 75 % der abgegebenen Stimmen (die "Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Vorbehaltlich § 13 Absatz (4) können Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst 
werden, wie sie in § 18 SchVG vorgesehen ist. Die Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
enthält weitere Ausführungen hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der Abstimmung sowie die Vorschläge 
zur Beschlussfassung werden den Gläubigern zusammen mit der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gegeben. Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag vor 
dem Beginn des Abstimmungszeitraums unter der in der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit der Anmeldung 
müssen Gläubiger den Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch eine besondere Bescheinigung der Depotbank gemäß § 14 
Absatz (3)(i)(a) und (b) in Textform und die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank 
erbringen, 
aus 
dem 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
die 
relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis dem Ende des Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) nicht 
übertragen werden können. 
 
(4) Zweite Gläubigerversammlung. Wird die Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung nach § 13 Absatz (3) nicht festgestellt, kann der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine Gläubigerversammlung einberufen, welche als zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne des § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG gilt. Die Teilnahme 
an der zweiten Gläubigerversammlung und die Stimmrechtsausübung sind von einer 
vorherigen Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten 
Tag vor der zweiten Gläubigerversammlung unter der in der Einberufung 
angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müssen Gläubiger

--- Page 96 ---
91 
den Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch eine 
besondere Bescheinigung der Depotbank gemäß § 14 Absatz (3)(i)(a) und (b) in 
Textform und die Vorlage einer Sperrvermerk der Depotbank erbringen, aus der 
hervorgeht, dass die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen Ende der 
Versammlung (einschließlich) nicht übertragen werden können. 
 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. [Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") bestellen oder abberufen, die Pflichten, 
Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte eines solchen Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen, 
die Übertragung der Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen Vertreter sowie die 
Haftungsbegrenzung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter in Übereinstimmung mit § 13 Absatz (2) autorisiert ist, einer wesentlichen 
Änderung des Inhalts der Emissionsbedingungen zuzustimmen.] 
 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt 
wird, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der gemeinsame Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame 
Vertreter") ist [Name einfügen]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Pflichten und 
Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die Haftung 
des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen Betrag seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung begrenzt, es sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich oder grob 
fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick auf die 
Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen § 13 betreffend erfolgen 
ausschließlich gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
 
(7) Änderung von Garantien. Die oben aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für jede Garantie im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND, GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte 
und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren (die 
"Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Essen. 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, 
(b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen 
enthält und einen Bestätigungsvermerk des Clearingsystems trägt; und (ii) er legt 
eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne 
dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 97 ---
92 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einer solchen Rechtsstreitigkeit erforderlich wäre. Für 
die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält und ein Konto beim Clearingsystem unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder 
Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land, in dem die Rechtsstreitigkeit geführt 
wird, prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
Falls die 
Emissions-
bedingungen 
in deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Emissions-
bedingungen 
in englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Emissions-
bedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 98 ---
93 
OPTION II – Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
(1) Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der thyssenkrupp AG (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) 
in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung einfügen]( 11) (die "Festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die von 
Anfang an 
durch eine 
Dauer-
globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
einfügen: 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde wird von oder im Namen der Emittentin unterschrieben und ist 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
einfügen: 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde-Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde" und zusammen die 
"Globalurkunden") werden jeweils von oder im Namen der Emittentin 
unterschrieben und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag 
der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Der Austauschtag darf nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung liegen. Ein solcher Austausch 
darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden 
Zinszahlungen 
erst 
nach 
Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen 
vorgenommen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag 
der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses § 1 
Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Schuldverschreibungen, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert werden.] 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
 
11 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt € 1.000, bzw. falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen Währung als 
Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen dem Gegenwert 
von € 1.000 annähernd entspricht.

--- Page 99 ---
94 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearingsystem 
einfügen: 
jeweils] 
folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgien] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVERKLÄRUNG 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen stellen direkte, unbedingte, nicht dinglich 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin dar und stehen im 
gleichen Rang untereinander sowie im gleichen Rang mit allen anderen 
gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen nicht dinglich besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, soweit zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen nichts 
anderes vorschreiben. 
 
(2) Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, während der gesamten Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen, jedoch nicht länger als bis zu dem Tag, an dem die Zahlung 
der letzten Beträge für Zinsen, Kapital und etwaiger Zusatzbeträge an den Fiscal 
Agent geleistet worden ist, zukünftig keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten aus Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie nachstehend definiert) 
einschließlich übernommener Garantien und anderer Gewährleistungen durch 
Verpfändung, Abtretung, Übertragung, Hypothekenbestellung oder sonstiger 
dinglicher Sicherungsrechte an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerten 
der Emittentin nach dem Recht jedweder Rechtsordnung zu sichern, sofern eine 
solche Sicherheit nicht gleichzeitig, anteilig und gleichrangig den Gläubigern 
eingeräumt oder ihnen nicht eine andere, nach Auffassung eines angesehenen, 
unabhängigen Sachverständigen mindestens gleichwertige Sicherheit gewährt wird, 
es sei denn, dass eine solche Besicherung gesetzlich zwingend oder behördlich im 
Einzelfall oder generell vorgeschrieben ist. 
 
(3) "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bedeutet für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
jede Verpflichtung zur Zahlung oder Rückzahlung von Geldern (einschließlich 
Verpflichtungen aus Garantien oder anderen Haftungsvereinbarungen für 
Verbindlichkeiten von Dritten) aus (i) Emissionen von Schuldverschreibungen oder 
ähnlichen Wertpapieren, die an einer Wertpapierbörse, im Freiverkehr oder einem 
anderen Wertpapiermarkt notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt werden oder notiert, 
eingeführt oder gehandelt werden sollen oder können oder (ii) Schuldscheindarlehen. 
 
Eine nach § 2 Absatz (2) zu leistende Sicherheit kann zugunsten eines Treuhänders 
der Gläubiger bestellt werden. 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
verzinst. Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar.

--- Page 100 ---
95 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet 
 
jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage einfügen]. 
 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag 
 
[bei Anwendung der modifizierten folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: auf 
den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in 
den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
 
[bei Anwendung der FRN-Konvention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des Monats, der [Zahl einfügen] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] nach dem vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
 
[bei Anwendung der folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: auf den 
nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
 
(d) "Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an 
dem das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist und [bei nicht auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren angeben] geöffnet sind und Zahlungen 
abwickeln] [bei auf Euro lautenden Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System (TARGET 2) ("TARGET") geöffnet sind, um die 
betreffenden Zahlungen weiterzuleiten]. 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung EURIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
 
(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
ist, sofern nachfolgend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der Zinssatz per annum 
der dem Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [Im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachfolgend definiert)] entspricht. 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt vorbehaltlich § 3 Absatz (3) an jedem 
Zinsfestlegungstag den jeweiligen Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses § 3 Absatz (2). 
 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird wie folgt bestimmt: 
 
(a) Anfänglich entspricht der Referenzsatz für jede Zinsperiode dem Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag. 
 
(b) Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, 
aber die Emittentin nicht festgelegt hat, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten 
ist, entspricht der Referenzsatz an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag dem 
Referenzbankensatz. 
 
Falls der Referenzbankensatz nicht gemäß der Definition dieses Begriffs 
festgestellt werden kann, aber die Emittentin nicht festgelegt hat, dass ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist, ist der Referenzsatz der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem betreffenden

--- Page 101 ---
96 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt 
wurde. 
 
(c) Wenn die Emittentin festgelegt hat, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt, wird der 
Referenzsatz für jede Zinsperiode, die an oder nach dem Stichtag (wie in § 3 
Absatz (3)(g) definiert) beginnt, gemäß § 3 Absatz (3) bestimmt. 
 
Der "Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz" für einen beliebigen Tag entspricht (vorbehaltlich 
§ 3 Absatz (3)) der [entsprechende Anzahl von Monaten einfügen] Monats Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum), der am 
Zinsfestlegungstag um 11.00 (Brüsseler Ortszeit) auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt 
wird. 
 
"Referenzbankensatz" bezeichnet, soweit nachstehend nicht anders vorgesehen, den 
Satz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum), zu dem die Referenzbanken um 
ca. 11.00 (Brüsseler Ortszeit) an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag Großbanken 
im Interbanken-Markt der Euro-Zone Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für eine 
Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des Referenzsatzes entspricht, anbieten. Die Emittentin wird 
jede Referenzbank bitten, der Berechnungsstelle ihren Angebotssatz mitzuteilen. Falls 
zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze 
nennen, ist der Referenzbankensatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste Tausendstel Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird) 
dieser 
Angebotssätze, 
wie 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle festgelegt. 
 
Falls an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
solche 
im 
vorstehenden 
Absatz 
beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, ist der Referenzbankensatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste Tausendstel Prozent, 
wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der Sätze ermittelt, die Großbanken im Interbanken-
Markt der Euro-Zone der Berechnungsstelle auf Bitte der Emittentin als den jeweiligen 
Satz nennen, zu dem ihnen um ca. 11.00 (Brüsseler Ortszeit) an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für eine Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzsatzes entspricht, von führenden Banken im Interbanken-Markt 
der Euro-Zone angeboten werden. 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet die REUTERS Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite. 
 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die den Euro als einheitliche Währung gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957) in seiner 
jeweiligen Fassung eingeführt haben oder einführt haben werden. 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge einfügen: Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % per annum.] 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet die Hauptniederlassungen von vier von der Emittentin 
ausgewählten Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt der Euro-Zone. 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).

--- Page 102 ---
97 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den [ersten][zweiten] TARGET Geschäftstag vor 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an 
dem TARGET geöffnet ist, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung LIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
 
(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
ist, sofern nachfolgend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der Angebotssatz 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung 
für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr (Londoner Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [Im Fall 
einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachfolgend definiert)], 
wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
erfolgen. 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt vorbehaltlich § 3 Absatz (3) an jedem 
Zinsfestlegungstag den jeweiligen Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses § 3 Absatz (2). 
 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird wie folgt bestimmt: 
 
(a) Anfänglich entspricht der Referenzsatz für jede Zinsperiode dem Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag. 
 
(b) Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, 
aber die Emittentin nicht festgelegt hat, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten 
ist, entspricht der Referenzsatz an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag dem 
Referenzbankensatz. 
 
Falls der Referenzbankensatz nicht gemäß der Definition dieses Begriffs 
festgestellt werden kann, aber die Emittentin nicht festgelegt hat, dass ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist, ist der Referenzsatz der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt 
wurde. 
 
(c) Wenn die Emittentin festgelegt hat, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt, wird der 
Referenzsatz für jede Zinsperiode, die an oder nach dem Stichtag (wie in § 3 
Absatz (3)(g) definiert) beginnt, gemäß § 3 Absatz (3) bestimmt. 
 
Der "Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz" für einen beliebigen Tag entspricht (vorbehaltlich 
§ 3 Absatz (3)) der [entsprechende Anzahl von Monaten einfügen] Monats 
[Festgelegte Währung einfügen] London Interbank Offered Rate (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der am Zinsfestlegungstag um 11.00 (Londoner Ortszeit) 
auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
 
"Referenzbankensatz" bezeichnet, soweit nachstehend nicht anders vorgesehen, den 
Satz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum), zu dem die Referenzbanken um 
ca. 11.00 (Londoner Ortszeit) an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag Großbanken 
im Londoner Interbanken-Markt Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für eine 
Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des Referenzsatzes entspricht, anbieten. Die Emittentin wird 
jede Referenzbank bitten, der Berechnungsstelle ihren Angebotssatz mitzuteilen. Falls 
zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze 
nennen, ist der Referenzbankensatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste Tausendstel Prozent, 
wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze, wie von der 
Berechnungsstelle festgelegt.

--- Page 103 ---
98 
 
Falls an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
solche 
im 
vorstehenden 
Absatz 
beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, ist der Referenzbankensatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste Tausendstel Prozent, 
wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird) der Sätze ermittelt, die Großbanken im Londoner 
Interbanken-Markt der Berechnungsstelle auf Bitte der Emittentin als den jeweiligen 
Satz nennen, zu dem ihnen um ca. 11.00 (Londoner Ortszeit) an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für eine Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzsatzes entspricht, von führenden Banken im Londoner 
Interbanken-Markt angeboten werden. 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet die REUTERS Bildschirmseite LIBOR01 oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite. 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge einfügen: Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % per annum.] 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet die Hauptniederlassungen von vier von der Emittentin 
ausgewählten Großbanken im Londoner Interbanken-Markt. 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den [ersten][zweiten] Londoner Geschäftstag vor 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "Londoner Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in London für 
Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
 
(3) Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn die Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen feststellt, dass ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eingetreten ist, 
wird die Emittentin diesen Umstand dem Fiscal Agent, der Berechnungsstelle, den 
Zahlstellen und gemäß § 12 den Gläubigern mitteilen und gilt für die Bestimmung des 
jeweiligen Referenzsatzes Folgendes: 
 
(a) Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin wird sich bemühen, sobald wie möglich 
einen Unabhängigen Berater zu benennen, der einen Neuen Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen festlegt. 
 
(b) Wenn vor dem jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag 
 
(i) die Emittentin keinen Unabhängigen Berater ernennt; oder 
 
(ii) der ernannte Unabhängige Berater keinen Neuen Benchmarksatz festlegt, 
 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz für die unmittelbar nachfolgende Zinsperiode 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag. 
 
Falls dieser § 3 Absatz (3)(b) bereits an dem Zinsfestlegungstag vor Beginn der 
ersten Zinsperiode zur Anwendung kommt, entspricht der Referenzsatz für die 
erste Zinsperiode [dem Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite an 
dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde] [[●] % per annum].

--- Page 104 ---
99 
 
Falls der Ausweichsatz gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz (3)(b) zur Anwendung kommt, 
wird § 3 Absatz (3) erneut angewendet, um den Referenzsatz für die nächste 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode zu bestimmen. 
 
(c) Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
Falls 
der 
Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
 
(i) dass es einen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist dieser Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz in der Folge anstelle des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
maßgeblich; oder 
 
(ii) dass 
es 
keinen 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
aber 
einen 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist dieser Alternativ-Benchmarksatz in der Folge an 
Stelle des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes maßgeblich, 
 
und der Referenzsatz entspricht für die unmittelbar nachfolgende Zinsperiode und 
alle folgenden Zinsperioden (x) dem betreffenden Neuen Benchmarksatz an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag zuzüglich (y) der Anpassungsspanne. 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Referenzsätze, die gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz (3)(c) festgelegt 
wurden, gelten nicht für Zinsperioden, für die der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
oder der Referenzbankensatz oder ein Ausweichsatz gemäß § 3(3)(b) bestimmt 
wurde. 
 
(d) Benchmark-Änderungen. 
Wenn 
ein 
Neuer 
Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende Anpassungsspanne gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz (3) festgelegt werden 
und der Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen feststellt, dass Änderungen 
dieser Bedingungen notwendig sind, um die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des 
Neuen Benchmarksatzes und der entsprechenden Anpassungsspanne zu 
gewährleisten (diese Änderungen werden als "Benchmark-Änderungen" bezeichnet), 
dann wird der Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen die Benchmark-
Änderungen festlegen und die Emittentin diese durch eine Mitteilung gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz (3)(e) bekanntmachen. 
 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen können insbesondere folgende Änderungen 
umfassen: 
 
(i) des Referenzsatzes und/oder (in Ersetzung von § 3 Absatz (2)(b) und (c)) der 
Methode zur Bestimmung des Ausweichsatzes (sog. fallback) für den 
Referenzsatz einschließlich des Referenzbankensatzes; und/oder 
 
(ii) der 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
"Bildschirmseite", 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" (einschließlich der Festlegung, ob der Referenzsatz 
vorwärts- oder rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt wird); und/oder 
 
(iii) der Zahltag-Bestimmung gemäß § 4 Absatz (5). 
 
(e) Mitteilungen etc. Die Emittentin wird einen Neuen Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen so bald nach deren 
Feststellung wie (sofern zutreffend) praktikabel dem Fiscal Agent, der 
Berechnungsstelle und den Zahlstellen nicht später als fünf (5) Tage vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag und den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 anschließend sobald wie möglich 
mitteilen. Eine solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen, die jeweils in der Mitteilung benannt werden, sind für die Emittentin, 
den Fiscal Agent, die Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend 
(zur Klarstellung, eine Zustimmung der Gläubiger ist nicht erforderlich). Die 
Bedingungen gelten ab dem Stichtag als durch den Neuen Benchmarksatz, die

--- Page 105 ---
100 
Anpassungsspanne und die etwaigen Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. Zur 
Klarstellung: sollte der Stichtag vor oder in eine Zinsperiode fallen, für die der 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz oder der Referenzbankensatz oder ein Ausweichsatz 
gemäß § 3 Absatz (3)(b) bestimmt wurde oder (im Fall eines Ausweichsatzes gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz (3)(b)) bestimmt werden soll, findet eine Festlegung des Referenzsatzes 
gemäß § 3 Absatz (3)(c) für diese Zinsperiode nicht statt. 
 
Am oder vor dem Tag dieser Mitteilung hat die Emittentin dem Calculation Agent, 
dem Fiscal Agent und dem Paying Agent eine durch zwei Unterschriftsberechtigte der 
Emittentin unterzeichnete Bescheinigung zu übergeben, die 
 
(i) 
 
(I) 
bestätigt, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist; 
 
(II) 
den Neuen Benchmarksatz benennt; 
 
(III) 
die entsprechende Anpassungsspanne und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen benennt; und 
 
(IV) 
den Stichtag benennt; und 
 
(ii) bestätigt, dass die etwaigen Benchmark-Änderungen notwendig sind, um die 
ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des betreffenden Neuen Benchmarksatzes 
und der entsprechenden Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten. 
 
(f) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in § 3 Absatz (3): 
 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, negativ oder gleich Null sein kann, wird in 
Basispunkten ausgedrückt und bezeichnet entweder (a) die Spanne oder (b) das 
Ergebnis der Anwendung der Formel oder Methode zur Berechnung der Spanne, 
 
(i) die 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatzes 
von 
einem 
Nominierungsgremium im Zusammenhang mit der Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes durch den Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
förmlich empfohlen wird; oder 
 
(ii) die (sofern keine Empfehlung abgegeben wurde oder im Fall eines Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) bei internationalen Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktionen auf 
den Neuen Benchmarksatz angewendet wird, um einen branchenweit 
akzeptierten Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz zu 
erzeugen, wobei sämtliche Feststellungen durch den Unabhängigen Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet eine alternative Benchmark oder einen 
alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die bzw. der üblicherweise bei internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktionen zur Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen (oder 
dazugehörigen Zinskomponenten) in der Festgelegten Währung angewendet wird, 
wobei sämtliche Feststellungen durch den Unabhängigen Berater nach billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
 
"Benchmark-Änderungen" hat die in § 3 Absatz (3)(d) festgelegte Bedeutung. 
 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
 
(i) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes dahingehend, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht länger repräsentativ oder branchenweit für mit den

--- Page 106 ---
101 
Schuldverschreibungen vergleichbare Fremdkapitalinstrumente akzeptiert ist; 
oder 
 
(ii) den Umstand, dass der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz nicht mehr regelmäßig 
veröffentlicht oder nicht fortgeführt wird; oder 
 
(iii) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung des Administrators des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes dahingehend, dass dieser die Veröffentlichung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird (in Fällen, in denen kein Nachfolge-
Administrator ernannt worden ist, der die weitere Veröffentlichung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes vornehmen wird); oder 
 
(iv) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes dahingehend, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt wurde oder 
wird; oder 
 
(v) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes, infolge deren der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz allgemein oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
mehr verwendet wird bzw. verwendet werden darf; oder 
 
(vi) den Umstand, dass die Verwendung des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
zur Berechnung oder Bestimmung des Referenzsatzes für eine Zahlstelle, die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin oder einen Dritten rechtswidrig geworden 
ist. 
 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet einen Nachfolger oder Ersatz des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes, der durch das Nominierungsgremium förmlich 
empfohlen wurde. 
 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet den Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. 
 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet in Bezug auf die Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes: 
 
(i) die Zentralbank für die Währung, in der der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
dargestellt wird, oder eine Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die Aufsicht des Administrators des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
zuständig ist; oder 
 
(ii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jedes Komitee, die bzw. das von (I) der Zentralbank 
für die Währung, in der der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz dargestellt wird, (II) 
einer Zentralbank oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes zuständig ist, (III) einer 
Gruppe der zuvor genannten Zentralbanken oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder (IV) dem Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability Board) oder Teilen davon 
gefördert, geführt oder mitgeführt oder gebildet wird. 
 
"Stichtag" hat die in § 3 Absatz (6)(g) festgelegte Bedeutung. 
 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein von der Emittentin bestelltes unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut mit internationalem Ansehen oder einen anderen unabhängigen 
Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in internationalen Kapitalmärkten. 
 
(g) Der Stichtag für die Anwendung dieses § 3 Absatz (3) (der "Stichtag") ist:

--- Page 107 ---
102 
 
(i) der Tag der öffentlichen Stellungnahme der Aufsichtsbehörde des 
Administrators des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (i) der Definition des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
 
(ii) der Tag des Eintritts des Benchmark-Ereignisses, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (ii) der Definition des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
 
(iii) der Tag, an dem die Veröffentlichung des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt wird bzw. an dem der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz eingestellt 
wird, wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund der Absätze (iii) oder (iv) der 
Definition des Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
 
(iv) der Tag, ab dem der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz nicht mehr verwendet 
werden darf, wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (v) oder 
(vi) der Definition des Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist. 
 
(h) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf einen Neuen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt dieser § 3 Absatz (3) entsprechend für die Ersetzung des Neuen Benchmarksatzes 
durch einen neuen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
 
(i) 
Sofern der von der Emittentin bestellte Unabhängige Berater keinen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz vor dem Datum, welches fünf (5) Tage vor dem relevanten 
Zinsfestlegungstag liegt, festlegt, kann die Emittentin, unabhängig von 
§ 3 Absatz (3)(b), die Schuldverschreibungen bis zum betreffenden nachfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) jederzeit insgesamt, aber nicht teilweise, mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen gemäß § 12 gegenüber dem 
Calculation Agent, dem Fiscal Agent, dem Paying Agent und den Gläubigern vorzeitig 
kündigen und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetztem Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
(4) Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, 
an dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf jede festgelegte Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der 
Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf jede festgelegte 
Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste 
Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher 
Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
 
(5) Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, 
dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode und der betreffende Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden Geschäftstag 
(wie in § 3 Absatz (1)(d) definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach der Bestimmung, aber 
keinesfalls später als am ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im 
Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich geändert (oder 
andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Änderung 
wird, sofern die Regeln der der jeweiligen Börse dies verlangen, umgehend allen 
Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind. 
 
(6) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend.

--- Page 108 ---
103 
 
(7) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht zurückzahlt, wird der ausstehende Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
vom Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satz für 
Verzugszinsen verzinst.(12) 
 
(8) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung von 
Zinsbeträgen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual (ISDA) einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl 
von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
der 
in 
das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der 
nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 
365).] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen von Kapital. Zahlungen von Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Zahlungen von Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatz (2) an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
einfügen: 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatz (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 
Absatz (3)(b).] 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
(3) (a) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(b) Kein Verzug. Die Emittentin gerät mit ihrer Zahlungspflicht nicht in Verzug, wenn 
sie den unter diesen Emissionsbedingungen geschuldeten Betrag [im Fall von 
CBF einfügen: dem Clearingsystem vollständig zur Abbuchung bereitstellt] [im 
Fall der ICSDs einfügen: an das Clearingsystem zahlt], das Clearingsystem jedoch 
aus Gründen, die nicht von der Emittentin zu vertreten sind, den geschuldeten 
Betrag nicht vollständig [im Fall von CBF einfügen: abruft] [im Fall der ICSDs 
 
12 
Der gesetzlich festgelegte Satz für Verzugszinsen beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB).

--- Page 109 ---
104 
einfügen: 
annimmt]. 
Entsprechend 
ist 
eine 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach § 9 Absatz (1)(a) insoweit nicht möglich. 
 
(4) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich 
Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
(5) Zahltag. Sofern der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag fällt, der kein Zahltag ist, so wird der Tag der 
Fälligkeit für diese Zahlung auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, der ein Zahltag 
ist. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf 
Grund dieser Verschiebung zu verlangen. 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet jeden Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist. 
 
(6) Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 
zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge ein. 
 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Essen Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Sollte die Emittentin infolge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung von Rechtsvorschriften oder als Folge einer Ergänzung 
oder Änderung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung der Rechtsvorschriften 
verpflichtet werden (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder 
nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird, wirksam), irgendwelche in § 7 Absatz (1) genannten zusätzlichen 
Beträge am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) zu 
zahlen und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen von der Emittentin zur 
Verfügung stehenden, im Ermessen der Emittentin angemessenen Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann, so ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die umlaufenden 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, aber nicht nur teilweise, mit einer Frist von 
wenigstens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen zum 1. Tag eines jeden Kalendermonats 
während der Laufzeit der Anleihe vorzeitig zu kündigen, und zwar zu ihrem vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag

--- Page 110 ---
105 
aufgelaufener Zinsen. Eine Kündigung gemäß diesem § 5 Absatz (2) darf jedoch nicht 
zu einem Termin erfolgen, der dem Tag, an welchem die Änderung oder Ergänzung 
von Rechtsvorschriften erstmals auf diese Anleihe anwendbar wird, mehr als einen 
Monat vorangeht. Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein. 
 
Eine Kündigung gemäß diesem § 5 Absatz (2) erfolgt durch unwiderrufliche 
Bekanntmachung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 und muss den Rückzahlungstag 
sowie in zusammengefasster Form die Tatsachen angeben, die das Kündigungsrecht 
begründen. Vor einer solchen Bekanntmachung muss die Emittentin eine von der 
gesetzlich erforderlichen Zahl von Unterschriftsberechtigten unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung darüber, dass es der Emittentin nicht durch nach ihrem Ermessen 
angemessene Maßnahmen möglich ist, die Verpflichtung gemäß diesem Absatz (2) 
zu vermeiden, dem Fiscal Agent zuschicken. Weiterhin muss die Emittentin dem 
Fiscal Agent vor der Bekanntmachung ein Rechtsgutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei zusenden, aus dem sich ergibt, dass die Emittentin infolge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung von Rechtsvorschriften oder als Folge einer Ergänzung 
oder Änderung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung der Rechtsvorschriften 
zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge gemäß § 7 Absatz (1) verpflichtet ist. 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
im Fall eines 
Kontroll-
wechsels 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
einfügen: 
[[(3)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) Ein Rückzahlungsereignis gilt als eingetreten, wenn: 
(i) eine Person oder mehrere Personen, die abgestimmt handeln, oder einer oder 
mehrere Dritte, die im Auftrag einer solchen Person oder Personen handeln, 
zu irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder unmittelbar (unabhängig davon, ob der 
Vorstand oder der Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) (I) 
mehr als 50 % des ausstehenden Grundkapitals der Emittentin oder (II) eine 
solche Anzahl von Aktien der Emittentin hält bzw. halten oder erworben hat 
bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 50 % der bei Hauptversammlungen der 
Emittentin 
stimmberechtigten 
Stimmrechte 
entfallen, 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Kontrollwechsel"); und 
 
(ii) die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
die 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
des 
Kontrollwechsels über ein im Auftrag der Emittentin erteiltes Rating von 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd. (Moody's), S&P Global Inc. (S&P), Fitch 
Ratings Ltd. (Fitch) oder einer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaft (jeweils eine 
"Rating Agentur") verfügen und dieses Rating von mindestens zwei Rating 
Agenturen oder, sofern weniger als drei Ratings bestehen, von einer Rating 
Agentur innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Kontrollwechsel um mindestens 
zwei Ratingstufen abgesenkt oder das Rating zurückgezogen wird und nicht 
innerhalb dieser 180-Tagesperiode anschließend (im Fall einer Absenkung) 
durch mindestens eine dieser beiden Rating Agenturen oder, sofern weniger 
als drei Ratings bestehen, durch diese Rating Agentur wieder auf das bei 
Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels bestehende Rating angehoben oder (im Fall einer 
Zurückziehung) durch das bei Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels bestehende Rating 
dieser oder einer anderen Rating Agentur ersetzt wird; und 
 
(iii) im Zusammenhang mit einer der o.g. Änderungen die betreffenden Rating 
Agenturen öffentlich bekannt gemacht oder gegenüber der Emittentin 
schriftlich bestätigt haben, dass diese Änderung ganz oder teilweise auf den 
Kontrollwechsel zurückzuführen ist. 
 
(b) Wenn ein Rückzahlungsereignis eintritt, hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der 
Emittentin die Rückzahlung oder, nach Wahl der Emittentin, den Ankauf seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin (oder auf ihre Veranlassung durch 
einen Dritten) zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels (ausschließlich) zu verlangen. 
Diese Option ist wie nachstehend beschrieben auszuüben.

--- Page 111 ---
106 
 
(c) Wenn ein Kontrollwechsel eintritt, wird die Emittentin innerhalb von 21 Tagen 
nach Ablauf der in (a)(ii) genannten 180 Tage-Frist den Gläubigern Mitteilung vom 
Rückzahlungsereignis gemäß § 12 machen (die "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in der 
die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses sowie das Verfahren für die 
Ausübung der in diesem § 5 Absatz (3) genannten Option angegeben sind. 
 
(d) Zur 
Ausübung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
bzw. 
Ankaufsoption 
für 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Maßgabe dieses § 5 Absatz (3) muss der Gläubiger 
seine Schuldverschreibung(en) an einem Zahltag innerhalb eines Zeitraums (der 
"Rückzahlungszeitraum") von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
veröffentlicht wurde, bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der Zahlstelle unter 
Beifügung 
einer 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllten 
und 
unterzeichneten 
Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels einreichen, die in ihrer jeweils 
maßgeblichen Form bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der Zahlstelle erhältlich 
ist (die "Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels"). Die Zahlstelle, der 
die Schuldverschreibung(en) und die Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines 
Kontrollwechsels übermittelt werden, wird dem Gläubiger eine nichtübertragbare 
Quittung für die Schuldverschreibung ausstellen. Die Emittentin wird nach ihrer 
Wahl die maßgebliche(n) Schuldverschreibung(en) 7 Tage nach Ablauf des 
Rückzahlungszeitraums (der "Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels") 
zurückzahlen oder erwerben (bzw. erwerben lassen), soweit sie nicht bereits 
vorher zurückgezahlt oder erworben wurde(n). Die Zahlung in Bezug auf 
solchermaßen eingereichte Schuldverschreibung(en) erfolgt entweder am 
Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels auf ein Bankkonto des 
Gläubigers, falls der Gläubiger ein solches Konto in der Ausübungserklärung im 
Fall eines Kontrollwechsels ordnungsgemäß bezeichnet hat, bzw. in anderen 
Fällen am oder nach dem Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels gegen 
Vorlage und Aushändigung der Quittung bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der 
Zahlstelle. Eine einmal gegebene Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines 
Kontrollwechsels ist unwiderruflich. 
 
(e) Falls sich die von Moody's, S&P oder Fitch verwendeten Rating Kategorien 
gegenüber denen, die in Absatz (a)(ii) angegeben wurde, ändern sollten, wird die 
Emittentin diejenigen Rating Kategorien von Moody's, S&P bzw. Fitch bestimmen, 
die den früheren Rating Kategorien von Moody's, S&P bzw. Fitch möglichst nahe 
kommen; (a)(ii) ist dann entsprechend auszulegen. 
(f) Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags der dann ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 5 Absatz (3) zurückgezahlt oder zurückerworben 
wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, nach vorheriger Bekanntmachung, die 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines 
Kontrollwechsels erfolgen muss, gegenüber den Gläubigern mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag im 
Fall eines Kontrollwechsels (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück zu 
zahlen.] 
 
[(4)] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
Für die Zwecke des Absatzes (2) dieses § 5 und des § 9, entspricht der vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT, DIE ZAHLSTELLE, DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent, die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle und die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle und 
deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
 
Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12

--- Page 112 ---
107 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
[Falls der Fiscal Agent als Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, einfügen: Der Fiscal 
Agent handelt auch als Berechnungsstelle.] 
 
[Falls eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, die nicht der Fiscal Agent ist, 
einfügen: Die Berechnungsstelle und ihre anfängliche Geschäftsstelle lauten: 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Namen und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle einfügen]] 
 
Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle im selben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder einer Zahlstelle oder der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) einen Fiscal Agent unterhalten, [im Fall von 
Zahlungen in US-Dollar einfügen:[,] [und] [(ii)] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die 
Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf Grund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York 
City unterhalten] und [(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in 
dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß 
§ 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 
Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
(1) Quellensteuern. Kapital und Zinsen sind ohne Einbehalt an der Quelle oder Abzug an 
der Quelle von oder wegen irgendwelchen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern, 
Abgaben, Veranlagungen oder regierungsseitigen Gebühren gleich welcher Art, die 
von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder 
für Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder 
Behörde auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden ("Quellensteuern"), zu zahlen, 
es sei denn, dies ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin 
diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, um die Zahlung von Zinsen und Kapital zum jeweiligen vollen Nennbetrag an die 
Gläubiger sicherzustellen. Die Kapitalertragsteuer und der Solidaritätszuschlag sind 
keine Quellensteuern im obengenannten Sinne. 
 
Die Emittentin ist jedoch zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge wegen solcher 
Quellensteuern nicht verpflichtet, 
 
(a) die auf andere Weise als durch Abzug an der Quelle oder Einbehalt an der Quelle 
aus Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen zu entrichten sind; oder 
 
(b) denen der Gläubiger aus irgendeinem anderen Grund als allein der bloßen 
Tatsache, dass er Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen oder Empfänger von 
Kapital oder Zinsen aus den Schuldverschreibungen ist, unterliegt, und zwar

--- Page 113 ---
108 
insbesondere wenn der Gläubiger auf Grund einer persönlichen unbeschränkten 
oder beschränkten Steuerpflicht derartigen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben 
unterliegt, oder wenn der Gläubiger für die Zwecke der betreffenden 
Steuergesetze als gebietsansässige natürliche oder juristische Person in einem 
anderen Mitgliedsstaat der Europäischen Union angesehen wird; oder 
 
(c) die auf Grund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
(d) die auf Grund von § 10 des Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetzes abzuziehen sind. 
 
Ungeachtet hierin enthaltener anders lautender Bestimmungen darf die Emittentin 
Beträge, wie von den Regeln der Abschnitte 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code (oder geänderten oder nachfolgenden Vorschriften) verlangt, auf Grund von 
zwischenstaatlichen Verträgen oder Durchführungsvorschriften, die von einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung im Zusammenhang mit diesen Vorschriften verabschiedet 
wurden, oder gemäß eines Vertrags mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service, als Folge 
dessen, dass ein Gläubiger, wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer oder ein Intermediär, der 
kein Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin ist, nicht berechtigt ist, Zahlungen ohne FATCA 
Einbehalt zu erhalten, einbehalten oder abziehen ("FATCA Einbehalt"). Die Emittentin 
hat keine Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen oder zu einer 
anderweitigen Entschädigung eines Gläubigers für solche FATCA Einbehalte, die von 
der Emittentin, der Zahlstelle oder einer anderen Partei abgezogen oder einbehalten 
werden. 
 
(2) Sitzverlegung der Emittentin. Im Fall einer Sitzverlegung der Emittentin in ein anderes 
Land oder Territorium oder Hoheitsgebiet gilt jede in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik Deutschland fortan auf dieses 
andere Land, Territorium oder Hoheitsgebiet bezogen. 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen 
fällig zu stellen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 beschrieben) zuzüglich der bis zu (aber 
ausschließlich) dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu 
verlangen, falls: 
 
(a) die Emittentin mit der Zahlung von Zinsen, Kapital oder etwaigen gemäß § 7 
Absatz (1) zusätzlich geschuldeten Beträgen für die Schuldverschreibungen 
länger als 30 Tage im Verzug ist; oder 
 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt, und diese Unterlassung 45 Tage 
nach Eingang einer schriftlichen Nachricht eines Gläubigers an den Fiscal Agent 
fortdauert; oder 
 
(c) die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft eine oder mehrere 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
in 
einer 
Gesamtsumme 
von 
mindestens

--- Page 114 ---
109 
Euro 50.000.000,-, die sich aus anderen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten oder aus 
einer Garantie oder einer Gewährleistung für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten ergibt, 
nicht erfüllt, und die Nichterfüllung länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem der 
Fiscal Agent hierüber von einem Gläubiger eine Benachrichtigung erhalten hat, 
oder eine solche Zahlungsverpflichtung auf Grund einer Nichterfüllung von 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin oder einer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft 
vorzeitig fällig wird, oder eine für eine solche Zahlungsverpflichtung gewährte 
Sicherheit durchgesetzt wird; oder 
 
(d) die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ihre Zahlungen einstellt 
oder erklärt, dass sie nicht in der Lage ist, ihren finanziellen Verpflichtungen 
nachzukommen; oder 
 
(e) ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, und ein solches Verfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht binnen 60 Tagen nach Einleitung aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt worden ist oder die Emittentin die Eröffnung eines solchen Verfahrens 
beantragt; oder 
 
(f) die Emittentin (i) ihren Geschäftsbetrieb einstellt oder dies durch offizielle Handlung 
ihres Vorstandes androht, (ii) ein Beschluss getroffen wird oder eine Anordnung 
eines zuständigen Gerichts ergeht, die auf die Auflösung oder Liquidation der 
Emittentin gerichtet sind, oder (iii) in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht 
jeweils im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft und diese Gesellschaft alle 
Verpflichtungen übernimmt, die die Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls alle hier aufgeführten Kündigungsgründe geheilt 
sind, bevor dem Fiscal Agent eine solche Benachrichtigung zugegangen ist. 
 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen ist jede 
Gesellschaft, an der die Emittentin oder ihre Rechtsnachfolgerin unmittelbar oder 
mittelbar mit mehr als 50 % beteiligt ist, soweit die Gesellschaft nach ihrem letzten 
testierten Jahresabschluss einen Umsatz von mindestens 1,0 Mrd. Euro erzielt hat. 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Die Fälligstellung hat in der Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Gläubiger 
dem Fiscal Agent einen, den Fiscal Agent bei angemessenen Anforderungen 
zufriedenstellenden, Eigentumsnachweis und eine schriftliche Kündigungserklärung 
übergibt oder durch eingeschriebenen Brief sendet, in der der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der fällig gestellten Schuldverschreibungen angegeben ist. 
 
(3) Quorum. Für den Fall, dass ein in Unterabschnitt (c) oder (f) des vorstehenden 
Absatzes (1) beschriebenes Ereignis eintritt, wird jede Erklärung, die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig stellt, erst dann wirksam, wenn der Fiscal Agent solche 
Erklärungen von Gläubigern erhalten hat, die mindestens ein Zehntel des 
Gesamtnennbetrages oder, sofern zu diesem Zeitpunkt ein geringerer Betrag als der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen aussteht, des dann ausstehenden 
Kapitalbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen halten, es sei denn, dass zu der Zeit, in 
der die Erklärung zugeht, irgendein anderes der in Absatz (1)(a), (b), (d) oder (e) 
beschriebenen Ereignisse eingetreten ist, das die Gläubiger zur Fälligstellung 
berechtigt. 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger [die [Namen der unmittelbaren oder mittelbaren 
Tochtergesellschaft 
einfügen]] [oder] [eine unmittelbare oder mittelbare 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin] als Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen im

--- Page 115 ---
110 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
einzusetzen, sofern: 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin rechtlich in der Lage ist, sämtliche sich aus oder in 
dem 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen ohne die Notwendigkeit eines Einbehalts von 
irgendwelchen Steuern oder Abgaben an der Quelle zu erfüllen sowie die hierzu 
erforderlichen Beträge ohne Beschränkungen an den Fiscal Agent übertragen 
können; 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
(c) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge garantiert; 
 
(d) ein Rechtsgutachten einer anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei nach dem Recht, dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin unterliegt, bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b) und (c) erfüllt wurden. 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 12 bekannt zu machen. 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
[(a)] [Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall eines 
Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: in § 5 Absatz (3) gilt die 
Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf die bisherige Emittentin und 
nicht auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin, solange die bisherige Emittentin die 
Muttergesellschaft der Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist. 
 
Sollte die Nachfolgeschuldnerin aus dem Konzernverbund mit der bisherigen 
Emittentin ausgeschieden sein, gilt die Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin ab diesem 
Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin. Sofern die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin Teil einer Gruppe, jedoch nicht die Obergesellschaft dieser 
Gruppe ist, gilt die Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf die 
Obergesellschaft dieser Gruppe;] 
 
[(b)] in § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
[(c)] in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (f) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in 
ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) sowie das Recht jedes Gläubigers, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig zu stellen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu 
ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 beschrieben) zuzüglich der bis 
zu (aber ausschließlich) dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zu verlangen, falls die Garantie ungültig wird oder nicht mehr 
rechtsverbindlich ist. 
 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung folgt die Nachfolgeschuldnerin der Emittentin als 
Rechtsnachfolgerin nach, ersetzt diese und darf alle Rechte und Befugnisse der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen mit der gleichen Wirkung geltend

--- Page 116 ---
111 
machen, als wenn die Nachfolgeschuldnerin in diesen Emissionsbedingungen als 
Emittentin genannt worden wäre, und die Emittentin (bzw. die Gesellschaft, die zuvor 
die Verpflichtungen der Emittentin übernommen hat) wird von ihren Verpflichtungen 
als Schuldnerin aus den Schuldverschreibungen befreit. 
 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF, ENTWERTUNG 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden und eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. Die Emittentin wird die Börse(n), soweit zutreffend, an der (denen) die 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, über diese Entwertung informieren. 
 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die an der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, 
einfügen: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der official 
list der Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel an der Luxemburger Börse 
zugelassen sind, findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Börse dies sonst zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die an keiner 
Börse notiert 
sind, 
einfügen: 
(1) Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, Mitteilungen die Schuldverschreibungen betreffend an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
 
[(3)] 
Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform erfolgen und zusammen mit der oder den betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibung(en) an den Fiscal Agent geleitet werden. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen durch eine Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, kann eine solche 
Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger an den Fiscal Agent über das Clearingsystem in der 
vom Fiscal Agent und dem Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen.

--- Page 117 ---
112 
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
(1) Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen. Die Emittentin kann gemäß §§ 5 ff. des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner jeweils geltenden Fassung mit 
den Gläubigern Änderungen an den Emissionsbedingungen vereinbaren, wenn die 
Gläubiger einen entsprechenden Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können die 
Gläubiger durch Beschlüsse der in Absatz (2) genannten Mehrheit insbesondere 
Änderungen zustimmen, welche den wesentlichen Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen 
verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen. Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des folgenden Satzes und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger 
Beschlüsse mit einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen fassen. Beschlüsse, 
welche den wesentlichen Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen verändern, insbesondere 
in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nrn. 1 bis 9 SchVG, bedürfen der qualifizierten 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der abgegebenen Stimmen (die "Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Vorbehaltlich § 13 Absatz (4) können Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst 
werden, wie sie in § 18 SchVG vorgesehen ist. Die Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
enthält weitere Ausführungen hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der Abstimmung sowie die Vorschläge 
zur Beschlussfassung werden den Gläubigern zusammen mit der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gegeben. Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag vor 
dem Beginn des Abstimmungszeitraums unter der in der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit der Anmeldung 
müssen Gläubiger den Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch eine besondere Bescheinigung der Depotbank gemäß § 14 
Absatz (3)(i)(a) und (b) in Textform und die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank 
erbringen, 
aus 
dem 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
die 
relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis dem Ende des Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) nicht 
übertragen werden können. 
 
(4) Zweite Gläubigerversammlung. Wird die Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung nach § 13 Absatz (3) nicht festgestellt, kann der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine Gläubigerversammlung einberufen, welche als zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne des § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG gilt. Die Teilnahme 
an der zweiten Gläubigerversammlung und die Stimmrechtsausübung sind von einer 
vorherigen Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis zum 
dritten Tag vor der zweiten Gläubigerversammlung unter der in der Einberufung 
angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müssen Gläubiger 
den Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch eine 
besondere Bescheinigung der Depotbank gemäß § 14 Absatz (3)(i)(a) und (b) in 
Textform und die Vorlage einer Sperrvermerk der Depotbank erbringen, aus der 
hervorgeht, dass die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen Ende der 
Versammlung (einschließlich) nicht übertragen werden können. 
 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. [Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") bestellen oder abberufen, die Pflichten, 
Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte eines solchen Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen, 
die Übertragung der Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen Vertreter sowie die 
Haftungsbegrenzung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der

--- Page 118 ---
113 
Gemeinsame Vertreter in Übereinstimmung mit § 13 Absatz (2) autorisiert ist, einer 
wesentlichen Änderung des Inhalts der Emissionsbedingungen zuzustimmen.] 
 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt 
wird, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der gemeinsame Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame 
Vertreter") ist [Name einfügen]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Pflichten und 
Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die Haftung 
des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen Betrag seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung begrenzt, es sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich oder 
grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick auf die 
Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen § 13 betreffend erfolgen 
ausschließlich gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
 
(7) Änderung von Garantien. Die oben aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für jede Garantie im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND, 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte 
und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren (die 
"Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Essen. 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, 
(b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen 
enthält und einen Bestätigungsvermerk des Clearingsystems trägt; und (ii) er legt 
eine 
Kopie 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einer solchen 
Rechtsstreitigkeit erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt 
ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger 
ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält und ein Konto beim 
Clearingsystem unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des 
Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land, in dem die 
Rechtsstreitigkeit geführt wird, prozessual zulässig ist.

--- Page 119 ---
114 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
Falls die 
Emissions-
bedingungen 
in deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung 
in die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Emissions-
bedingungen 
in englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung 
in die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Emissions-
bedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 120 ---
115 
OPTION III – Emissionsbedingungen für Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
(1) Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der thyssenkrupp AG (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in 
einer Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung einfügen]( 13 ) (die "Festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die von 
Anfang an 
durch eine 
Dauer-
globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
einfügen: 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde wird von oder im Namen der Emittentin unterschrieben und ist 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
einfügen: 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde-Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, 
die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft 
sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde" und zusammen die 
"Globalurkunden") werden jeweils von oder im Namen der Emittentin 
unterschrieben und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag 
der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Der Austauschtag darf nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung liegen. Ein solcher Austausch 
darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der Schuldverschreibungen keine U. S.-Personen 
sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, die im Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz 
(4) definiert) geliefert werden.] 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird solange von einem oder im Namen 
eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearingsystem einfügen: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [Clearstream 
 
13 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt € 1.000, bzw. falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen Währung als 
Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen dem Gegenwert 
von € 1.000 annähernd entspricht.

--- Page 121 ---
116 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgien] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVERKLÄRUNG 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen stellen direkte, unbedingte, nicht dinglich 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin dar und stehen im 
gleichen Rang untereinander sowie im gleichen Rang mit allen anderen 
gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen nicht dinglich besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, soweit zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen nichts 
anderes vorschreiben. 
(2) Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, während der gesamten Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen, jedoch nicht länger als bis zu dem Tag, an dem die Zahlung 
der letzten Beträge für Zinsen, Kapital und etwaiger Zusatzbeträge an den Fiscal Agent 
geleistet worden ist, zukünftig keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Verbindlichkeiten 
aus Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie nachstehend definiert) einschließlich 
übernommener Garantien und anderer Gewährleistungen durch Verpfändung, 
Abtretung, 
Übertragung, 
Hypothekenbestellung 
oder 
sonstiger 
dinglicher 
Sicherungsrechte an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerten der 
Emittentin nach dem Recht jedweder Rechtsordnung zu sichern, sofern eine solche 
Sicherheit nicht gleichzeitig, anteilig und gleichrangig den Gläubigern eingeräumt oder 
ihnen nicht eine andere, nach Auffassung eines angesehenen, unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen mindestens gleichwertige Sicherheit gewährt wird, es sei denn, 
dass eine solche Besicherung gesetzlich zwingend oder behördlich im Einzelfall oder 
generell vorgeschrieben ist. 
(3) "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bedeutet für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
jede Verpflichtung zur Zahlung oder Rückzahlung von Geldern (einschließlich 
Verpflichtungen aus Garantien oder anderen Haftungsvereinbarungen für 
Verbindlichkeiten von Dritten) aus (i) Emissionen von Schuldverschreibungen oder 
ähnlichen Wertpapieren, die an einer Wertpapierbörse, im Freiverkehr oder einem 
anderen Wertpapiermarkt notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt werden oder notiert, 
eingeführt oder gehandelt werden sollen oder können oder (ii) Schuldscheindarlehen. 
Eine nach diesem § 2 Absatz (2) zu leistende Sicherheit kann zugunsten eines 
Treuhänders der Gläubiger bestellt werden. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
(1) Keine periodischen Zinszahlungen. Es erfolgen während der Laufzeit keine 
periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Sollte die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht einlösen, fallen auf den ausstehenden Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
ab dem Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem Kapital und Zinsen 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen dem Clearingsystem zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind (ausschließlich) Zinsen zum gesetzlich festgelegten 
Satz für Verzugszinsen an.(14) 
 
(3) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung von 
Zinsbeträgen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
14 
Der gesetzlich festgelegte Satz für Verzugszinsen beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB).

--- Page 122 ---
117 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Note Basis einfügen: die Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln 
ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 
30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder 
(B) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats 
Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis einfügen: die Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, 
und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass Im Fall einer am Fälligkeitstag 
endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 Tagen verlängert 
gilt).] [Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
(1) Zahlungen von Kapital. Zahlungen von Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
(3) (a) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(b) Kein Verzug. Die Emittentin gerät mit ihrer Zahlungspflicht nicht in Verzug, wenn 
sie den unter diesen Emissionsbedingungen geschuldeten Betrag [im Fall von CBF 
einfügen: dem Clearingsystem vollständig zur Abbuchung bereitstellt] [im Fall der 
ICSDs einfügen: an das Clearingsystem zahlt], das Clearingsystem jedoch aus 
Gründen, die nicht von der Emittentin zu vertreten sind, den geschuldeten Betrag 
nicht vollständig [im Fall von CBF einfügen: abruft] [im Fall der ICSDs einfügen: 
annimmt]. Entsprechend ist eine Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen nach § 9 
Absatz (1)(a) insoweit nicht möglich. 
 
(4) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich 
Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
(5) Zahltag. Sofern der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag fällt, der kein Zahltag ist, so wird der Tag der 
Fälligkeit für diese Zahlung auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, der ein Zahltag 
ist. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf 
Grund dieser Verschiebung zu verlangen. 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet jeden Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist. 
 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an dem 
das 
Clearingsystem 
geöffnet 
ist 
und 
[bei 
nicht 
auf 
Euro 
lautenden

--- Page 123 ---
118 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren angeben] geöffnet sind und Zahlungen 
abwickeln] [bei auf Euro lautenden Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: alle betroffenen 
Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System (TARGET 2) ("TARGET") geöffnet sind, um die betreffenden 
Zahlungen weiterzuleiten]. 
 
(6) Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge ein. 
 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Essen Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die 
Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung 
erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Sollte die Emittentin infolge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung von Rechtsvorschriften oder als Folge einer Ergänzung 
oder Änderung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung der Rechtsvorschriften 
verpflichtet werden (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder 
nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird, wirksam), irgendwelche in § 7 Absatz (1) genannten zusätzlichen 
Beträge bei Fälligkeit oder im Fall des Kauf oder Tauschs einer Schuldverschreibung 
zu zahlen und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen von der Emittentin zur 
Verfügung stehenden, im Ermessen der Emittentin angemessenen Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann, so ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die umlaufenden 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, aber nicht nur teilweise, mit einer Frist von 
wenigstens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen zum 1. Tag eines jeden Kalendermonats 
während der Laufzeit der Anleihe vorzeitig zu kündigen, und zwar zu ihrem vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
aufgelaufener Zinsen. Eine Kündigung gemäß diesem § 5 Absatz (2) darf jedoch nicht 
zu einem Termin erfolgen, der dem Tag, an welchem die Änderung oder Ergänzung 
von Rechtsvorschriften erstmals auf diese Anleihe anwendbar wird, mehr als einen 
Monat vorangeht. 
 
Eine Kündigung gemäß diesem § 5 Absatz (2) erfolgt durch unwiderrufliche 
Bekanntmachung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 und muss den Rückzahlungstag sowie 
in zusammengefasster Form die Tatsachen angeben, die das Kündigungsrecht 
begründen. Vor einer solchen Bekanntmachung muss die Emittentin eine von der 
gesetzlich erforderlichen Zahl von Unterschriftsberechtigten unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung darüber, dass es der Emittentin nicht durch nach ihrem Ermessen 
angemessene Maßnahmen möglich ist, die Verpflichtung gemäß diesem Absatz (2) 
zu vermeiden, dem Fiscal Agent zuschicken. Weiterhin muss die Emittentin dem Fiscal 
Agent vor der Bekanntmachung ein Rechtsgutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei zusenden, aus dem sich ergibt, dass die Emittentin infolge einer

--- Page 124 ---
119 
Änderung oder Ergänzung von Rechtsvorschriften oder als Folge einer Ergänzung 
oder Änderung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung der Rechtsvorschriften 
zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge gemäß § 7 Absatz (1) verpflichtet ist. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise innerhalb des/der Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitzaums/-zeiträume 
(Call) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie nachfolgend angegeben, zurückzahlen. 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum/-zeiträume 
(Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum einfügen] 
 
 
[_______________________________] 
[_______________________________] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge  
(Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge  
einfügen] 
 
[_________________________________] 
[_________________________________] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, einfügen: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Wahlrechts nach Absatz (4) dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 12 bekannt zu geben. Sie muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) den Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt.] 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
einfügen: 
[[(4)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), 
wie 
nachfolgend 
angegeben, zurückzuzahlen.

--- Page 125 ---
120 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)  
einfügen] 
 
[_______________________________] 
[_______________________________] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge einfügen] 
 
[_______________________________] 
[_______________________________] 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach 
diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung 
gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine schriftliche Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung ("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die 
Ausübungserklärung am 30. Tag vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) nach 
17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird [und] [,] (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) [im 
Fall der Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF einfügen: und (iii) Kontaktdaten 
sowie eine Kontoverbindung]. Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, 
wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent und der 
Zahlstelle[n] in deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist, verwendet werden. 
Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt 
nur gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren 
Order.] 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
im Fall eines 
Kontroll-
wechsels 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
einfügen: 
[[(5)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) Ein Rückzahlungsereignis gilt als eingetreten, wenn: 
(i) eine Person oder mehrere Personen, die abgestimmt handeln, oder einer oder 
mehrere Dritte, die im Auftrag einer solchen Person oder Personen handeln, 
zu irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder unmittelbar (unabhängig davon, ob der 
Vorstand oder der Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) (I) 
mehr als 50 % des ausstehenden Grundkapitals der Emittentin oder (II) eine 
solche Anzahl von Aktien der Emittentin hält bzw. halten oder erworben hat 
bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 50 % der bei Hauptversammlungen der 
Emittentin 
stimmberechtigten 
Stimmrechte 
entfallen, 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Kontrollwechsel"); und 
(ii) die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
die 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
des 
Kontrollwechsels über ein im Auftrag der Emittentin erteiltes Rating von 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd. (Moody's), S&P Global Inc. (S&P), Fitch Ratings 
Ltd. (Fitch) oder einer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaft (jeweils eine "Rating 
Agentur") verfügen und dieses Rating von mindestens zwei Rating Agenturen 
oder, sofern weniger als drei Ratings bestehen, von einer Rating Agentur 
innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Kontrollwechsel um mindestens zwei 
Ratingstufen abgesenkt oder das Rating zurückgezogen wird und nicht 
innerhalb dieser 180-Tagesperiode anschließend (im Fall einer Absenkung) 
durch mindestens eine dieser beiden Rating Agenturen oder, sofern weniger 
als drei Ratings bestehen, durch diese Rating Agentur wieder auf das bei 
Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels bestehende Rating angehoben oder (im Fall einer 
Zurückziehung) durch das bei Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels bestehende Rating 
dieser oder einer anderen Rating Agentur ersetzt wird; und

--- Page 126 ---
121 
(iii) im Zusammenhang mit einer der o.g. Änderungen die betreffenden Rating 
Agenturen öffentlich bekannt gemacht oder gegenüber der Emittentin 
schriftlich bestätigt haben, dass diese Änderung ganz oder teilweise auf den 
Kontrollwechsel zurückzuführen ist. 
(b) Wenn ein Rückzahlungsereignis eintritt, hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der 
Emittentin die Rückzahlung oder, nach Wahl der Emittentin, den Ankauf seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin (oder auf ihre Veranlassung durch 
einen Dritten) zum [Nennbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels (ausschließlich)] [vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] zu verlangen. Diese Option ist wie nachstehend beschrieben 
auszuüben. 
(c) Wenn ein Kontrollwechsel eintritt, wird die Emittentin innerhalb von 21 Tagen nach 
Ablauf der in (a)(ii) genannten 180 Tage-Frist den Gläubigern Mitteilung vom 
Rückzahlungsereignis gemäß § 12 machen (die "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in der 
die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses sowie das Verfahren für die 
Ausübung der in diesem § 5 [Absatz (5)] genannten Option angegeben sind. 
(d) Zur 
Ausübung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
bzw. 
Ankaufsoption 
für 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Maßgabe dieses § 5 [Absatz (5)] muss der Gläubiger 
seine Schuldverschreibung(en) an einem Geschäftstag innerhalb eines Zeitraums 
(der 
"Rückzahlungszeitraum") 
von 
30 
Tagen, 
nachdem 
die 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung veröffentlicht wurde, bei der angegebenen Niederlassung 
der Zahlstelle unter Beifügung einer ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllten und 
unterzeichneten Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels einreichen, 
die in ihrer jeweils maßgeblichen Form bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der 
Zahlstelle erhältlich ist (die "Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels"). 
Die Zahlstelle, der die Schuldverschreibung(en) und die Ausübungserklärung im 
Fall eines Kontrollwechsels übermittelt werden, wird dem Gläubiger eine 
nichtübertragbare Quittung für die Schuldverschreibung ausstellen. Die Emittentin 
wird nach ihrer Wahl die maßgebliche(n) Schuldverschreibung(en) 7 Tage nach 
Ablauf des Rückzahlungszeitraums (der "Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines 
Kontrollwechsels") zurückzahlen oder erwerben (bzw. erwerben lassen), soweit sie 
nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt oder erworben wurde(n). Die Zahlung in Bezug 
auf solchermaßen eingereichte Schuldverschreibung(en) erfolgt entweder am 
Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels auf ein Bankkonto des 
Gläubigers, falls der Gläubiger ein solches Konto in der Ausübungserklärung im 
Fall eines Kontrollwechsels ordnungsgemäß bezeichnet hat, bzw. in anderen 
Fällen am oder nach dem Rückzahlungstag im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels gegen 
Vorlage und Aushändigung der Quittung bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der 
Zahlstelle. Eine einmal gegebene Ausübungserklärung im Fall eines 
Kontrollwechsels ist unwiderruflich. 
(e) Falls sich die von Moody's, S&P oder Fitch verwendeten Rating Kategorien 
gegenüber denen, die in Absatz (a)(ii) angegeben wurde, ändern sollten, wird die 
Emittentin diejenigen Rating Kategorien von Moody's, S&P bzw. Fitch bestimmen, 
die den früheren Rating Kategorien von Moody's, S&P bzw. Fitch möglichst nahe 
kommen; (a)(ii) ist dann entsprechend auszulegen. 
(f) Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags der dann ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 5 
[Absatz 
(5)] 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückerworben wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, nach vorheriger 
Bekanntmachung, die innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem Rückzahlungstag im Fall 
eines Kontrollwechsels erfolgen muss, gegenüber den Gläubigern mit einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zum [Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag im 
Fall 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
(ausschließlich) 
etwaiger 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen][vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] zurück zu zahlen.]

--- Page 127 ---
122 
[[(6)] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Für die Zwecke des Absatzes (2) [und] [,] [(3)] [und] [,] [(4)] [und] [(5)] dieses § 5 und 
des § 9, berechnet sich der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung 
wie folgt: 
(a) Der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibung entspricht der 
Summe aus: 
(i) [Referenzpreis einfügen] (der "Referenzpreis"), und 
(ii) dem 
Produkt 
aus 
[Emissionsrendite 
in 
Prozent 
einfügen] 
(die 
"Emissionsrendite") und dem Referenzpreis ab dem [Tag der Begebung 
einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zu dem vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
oder 
(je 
nachdem) 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
fällig 
und 
rückzahlbar 
werden, 
wobei 
die 
Emissionsrendite jährlich kapitalisiert wird. 
Wenn diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der nicht vollen Jahren entspricht, 
durchzuführen ist, hat sie im Fall des nicht vollständigen Jahres (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie 
vorstehend in § 3 definiert) zu erfolgen. 
(b) Falls die Emittentin den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, 
wird er wie vorstehend beschrieben berechnet, jedoch mit der Maßgabe, dass die 
Bezugnahmen in Unterabsatz (a)(ii) auf den für die Rückzahlung vorgesehenen 
Rückzahlungstag oder den Tag, an dem diese Schuldverschreibungen fällig und 
rückzahlbar werden, durch den Tag ersetzt werden, an dem die Rückzahlung 
erfolgt.] 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent und die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle im selben 
Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder einer Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) einen Fiscal Agent unterhalten, 
[im Fall von Zahlungen in US-Dollar einfügen: [,][und] [(ii)] falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie nachstehend definiert) auf Grund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York 
City unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel 
wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam 
wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden.

--- Page 128 ---
123 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle handeln 
ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
(1) Quellensteuern. Kapital und Zinsen sind ohne Einbehalt an der Quelle oder Abzug an 
der Quelle von oder wegen irgendwelchen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern, 
Abgaben, Veranlagungen oder regierungsseitigen Gebühren gleich welcher Art, die 
von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder 
für Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder 
Behörde auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden ("Quellensteuern"), zu zahlen, 
es sei denn, dies ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin 
diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, um die Zahlung von Zinsen und Kapital zum jeweiligen vollen Nennbetrag an die 
Gläubiger sicherzustellen. Die Kapitalertragsteuer und der Solidaritätszuschlag sind 
keine Quellensteuern im obengenannten Sinne. 
Die Emittentin ist jedoch zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge wegen solcher 
Quellensteuern nicht verpflichtet, 
(a) die auf andere Weise als durch Abzug an der Quelle oder Einbehalt an der Quelle 
aus Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen zu entrichten sind; oder 
(b) denen der Gläubiger aus irgendeinem anderen Grund als allein der bloßen 
Tatsache, dass er Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen oder Empfänger von 
Kapital oder Zinsen aus den Schuldverschreibungen ist, unterliegt, und zwar 
insbesondere wenn der Gläubiger auf Grund einer persönlichen unbeschränkten 
oder beschränkten Steuerpflicht derartigen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben 
unterliegt, oder wenn der Gläubiger für die Zwecke der betreffenden Steuergesetze 
als gebietsansässige natürliche oder juristische Person in einem anderen 
Mitgliedsstaat der Europäischen Union angesehen wird; oder 
(c) die auf Grund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten sind; 
(d) die auf Grund von § 10 des Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetzes abzuziehen sind. 
Ungeachtet hierin enthaltener anders lautender Bestimmungen darf die Emittentin 
Beträge, wie von den Regeln der Abschnitte 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code (oder geänderten oder nachfolgenden Vorschriften) verlangt, auf Grund von 
zwischenstaatlichen Verträgen oder Durchführungsvorschriften, die von einer anderen 
Rechtsordnung im Zusammenhang mit diesen Vorschriften verabschiedet wurden, 
oder gemäß eines Vertrags mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service, als Folge dessen, 
dass ein Gläubiger, wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer oder ein Intermediär, der kein 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin ist, nicht berechtigt ist, Zahlungen ohne FATCA 
Einbehalt zu erhalten, einbehalten oder abziehen ("FATCA Einbehalt"). Die Emittentin 
hat keine Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen oder zu einer 
anderweitigen Entschädigung eines Gläubigers für solche FATCA Einbehalte, die von 
der Emittentin, der Zahlstelle oder einer anderen Partei abgezogen oder einbehalten 
werden. 
(2) Sitzverlegung der Emittentin. Im Fall einer Sitzverlegung der Emittentin in ein anderes 
Land oder Territorium oder Hoheitsgebiet gilt jede in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik Deutschland fortan auf dieses andere 
Land, Territorium oder Hoheitsgebiet bezogen.

--- Page 129 ---
124 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen 
fällig zu stellen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 beschrieben) zuzüglich der bis zu (aber ausschließlich) 
dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(a) die Emittentin mit der Zahlung von Zinsen, Kapital oder etwaigen gemäß § 7 
Absatz (1) zusätzlich geschuldeten Beträgen für die Schuldverschreibungen länger 
als 30 Tage im Verzug ist; oder 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt, und diese Unterlassung 45 Tage nach 
Eingang einer schriftlichen Nachricht eines Gläubigers an den Fiscal Agent 
fortdauert; oder 
(c) die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft eine oder mehrere 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
in 
einer 
Gesamtsumme 
von 
mindestens 
Euro 50.000.000,-, die sich aus anderen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten oder aus 
einer Garantie oder einer Gewährleistung für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten ergibt, 
nicht erfüllt, und die Nichterfüllung länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem der 
Fiscal Agent hierüber von einem Gläubiger eine Benachrichtigung erhalten hat, 
oder eine solche Zahlungsverpflichtung auf Grund einer Nichterfüllung von 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin oder einer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft 
vorzeitig fällig wird, oder eine für eine solche Zahlungsverpflichtung gewährte 
Sicherheit durchgesetzt wird; oder 
(d) die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ihre Zahlungen einstellt 
oder erklärt, dass sie nicht in der Lage ist, ihren finanziellen Verpflichtungen 
nachzukommen; oder 
(e) ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, und ein solches Verfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht binnen 60 Tagen nach Einleitung aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt worden ist oder die Emittentin die Eröffnung eines solchen Verfahrens 
beantragt; oder 
(f) die Emittentin (i) ihren Geschäftsbetrieb einstellt oder dies durch offizielle Handlung 
ihres Vorstandes androht, (ii) ein Beschluss getroffen wird oder eine Anordnung 
eines zuständigen Gerichts ergeht, die auf die Auflösung oder Liquidation der 
Emittentin gerichtet sind, oder (iii) in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht 
jeweils im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft und diese Gesellschaft alle 
Verpflichtungen übernimmt, die die Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls alle hier aufgeführten Kündigungsgründe geheilt 
sind, bevor dem Fiscal Agent eine solche Benachrichtigung zugegangen ist. 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen ist jede 
Gesellschaft, an der die Emittentin oder ihre Rechtsnachfolgerin unmittelbar oder 
mittelbar mit mehr als 50 % beteiligt ist, soweit die Gesellschaft nach ihrem letzten 
testierten Jahresabschluss einen Umsatz von mindestens 1,0 Mrd. Euro erzielt hat. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Die Fälligstellung hat in der Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Gläubiger 
dem Fiscal Agent einen, den Fiscal Agent bei angemessenen Anforderungen 
zufriedenstellenden, Eigentumsnachweis und eine schriftliche Kündigungserklärung 
übergibt oder durch eingeschriebenen Brief sendet, in der der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
fällig gestellten Schuldverschreibungen angegeben ist.

--- Page 130 ---
125 
(3) Quorum. Für den Fall, dass ein in Unterabschnitt (c) oder (f) des vorstehenden 
Absatzes 
(1) 
beschriebenes 
Ereignis 
eintritt, 
wird 
jede 
Erklärung, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig stellt, erst dann wirksam, wenn der Fiscal Agent solche 
Erklärungen von Gläubigern erhalten hat, die mindestens ein Zehntel des 
Gesamtnennbetrages oder, sofern zu diesem Zeitpunkt ein geringerer Betrag als der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen aussteht, des dann ausstehenden 
Kapitalbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen halten, es sei denn, dass zu der Zeit, in 
der die Erklärung zugeht, irgendein anderes der in Absatz (1)(a), (b), (d) oder (e) 
beschriebenen Ereignisse eingetreten ist, das die Gläubiger zur Fälligstellung 
berechtigt. 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger [die [Namen der unmittelbaren oder mittelbaren 
Tochtergesellschaft 
einfügen]] 
[oder] 
[eine 
unmittelbare 
oder 
mittelbare 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin] als Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
einzusetzen, sofern: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin rechtlich in der Lage ist, sämtliche sich aus oder in dem 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen ohne die Notwendigkeit eines Einbehalts von 
irgendwelchen Steuern oder Abgaben an der Quelle zu erfüllen sowie die hierzu 
erforderlichen Beträge ohne Beschränkungen an den Fiscal Agent übertragen 
können; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(c) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge garantiert; 
(d) ein Rechtsgutachten einer anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei nach dem Recht, dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin unterliegt, bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b) und (c) erfüllt wurden. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 12 bekannt zu machen. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
[(a)] [Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall eines 
Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: in § 5 Absatz (5) gilt die 
Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf die bisherige Emittentin und 
nicht auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin, solange die bisherige Emittentin die 
Muttergesellschaft der Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist. 
Sollte die Nachfolgeschuldnerin aus dem Konzernverbund mit der bisherigen 
Emittentin ausgeschieden sein, gilt die Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin ab diesem 
Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin. Sofern die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin Teil einer Gruppe, jedoch nicht die Obergesellschaft dieser 
Gruppe ist, gilt die Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf die 
Obergesellschaft dieser Gruppe;] 
[(b)] in § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des 
vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz hat);

--- Page 131 ---
126 
[(c)] in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (f) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in 
ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) sowie das Recht jedes Gläubigers, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig zu stellen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 beschrieben) zuzüglich der bis zu (aber 
ausschließlich) dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu 
verlangen, falls die Garantie ungültig wird oder nicht mehr rechtsverbindlich ist. 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung folgt die Nachfolgeschuldnerin der Emittentin als 
Rechtsnachfolgerin nach, ersetzt diese und darf alle Rechte und Befugnisse der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen mit der gleichen Wirkung geltend machen, 
als wenn die Nachfolgeschuldnerin in diesen Emissionsbedingungen als Emittentin 
genannt worden wäre, und die Emittentin (bzw. die Gesellschaft, die zuvor die 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin übernommen hat) wird von ihren Verpflichtungen als 
Schuldnerin aus den Schuldverschreibungen befreit. 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF, ENTWERTUNG 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden und eine einheitliche 
Serie bilden. 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. Die Emittentin wird die Börse(n), soweit zutreffend, an der (denen) die 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, über diese Entwertung informieren. 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die an der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, 
einfügen: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen erfolgen 
durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der official 
list der Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel an der Luxemburger Börse 
zugelassen sind, findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Börse dies sonst zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die an keiner 
Börse notiert 
sind, 
einfügen: 
(1) Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, Mitteilungen die Schuldverschreibungen betreffend an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als 
den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.

--- Page 132 ---
127 
[(3)] 
Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform erfolgen und zusammen mit der oder den betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibung(en) 
an 
den 
Fiscal 
Agent 
geleitet 
werden. 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen durch eine Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, kann eine solche 
Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger an den Fiscal Agent über das Clearingsystem in der 
vom Fiscal Agent und dem Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen. Die Emittentin kann gemäß §§ 5 ff. des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den 
Gläubigern Änderungen an den Emissionsbedingungen vereinbaren, wenn die 
Gläubiger einen entsprechenden Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können die 
Gläubiger durch Beschlüsse der in Absatz (2) genannten Mehrheit insbesondere 
Änderungen zustimmen, welche den wesentlichen Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen 
verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen. Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des folgenden Satzes und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger 
Beschlüsse mit einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen fassen. Beschlüsse, 
welche den wesentlichen Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen verändern, insbesondere 
in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nrn. 1 bis 9 SchVG, bedürfen der qualifizierten Mehrheit 
von mindestens 75 % der abgegebenen Stimmen (die "Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Vorbehaltlich § 13 Absatz (4) können Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst 
werden, wie sie in § 18 SchVG vorgesehen ist. Die Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
enthält weitere Ausführungen hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der Abstimmung sowie die Vorschläge zur 
Beschlussfassung werden den Gläubigern zusammen mit der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gegeben. Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag vor 
dem Beginn des Abstimmungszeitraums unter der in der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit der Anmeldung 
müssen Gläubiger den Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch eine besondere Bescheinigung der Depotbank gemäß § 14 Absatz 
(3)(i)(a) und (b) in Textform und die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank 
erbringen, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen für den 
Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis dem Ende des 
Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) nicht übertragen werden können. 
(4) Zweite Gläubigerversammlung. Wird die Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung nach § 13 Absatz (3) nicht festgestellt, kann der Abstimmungsleiter 
eine Gläubigerversammlung einberufen, welche als zweite Gläubigerversammlung im 
Sinne des § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG gilt. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Stimmrechtsausübung sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag vor der 
zweiten Gläubigerversammlung unter der in der Einberufung angegebenen Anschrift 
zugehen. Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müssen Gläubiger den Nachweis ihrer 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch eine besondere 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank gemäß § 14 Absatz (3)(i)(a) und (b) in Textform und 
die Vorlage einer Sperrvermerk der Depotbank erbringen, aus der hervorgeht, dass 
die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der 
Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen Ende der Versammlung 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragen werden können. 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. [Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") bestellen oder abberufen, die Pflichten, 
Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte eines solchen Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen, die 
Übertragung der Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen Vertreter sowie die

--- Page 133 ---
128 
Haftungsbegrenzung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter in Übereinstimmung mit § 13 Absatz (2) autorisiert ist, einer wesentlichen 
Änderung des Inhalts der Emissionsbedingungen zuzustimmen.] 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt 
wird, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der gemeinsame Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame 
Vertreter") ist [Name einfügen]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Pflichten und 
Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die Haftung 
des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen Betrag seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung begrenzt, es sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich oder grob 
fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick auf die 
Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen § 13 betreffend erfolgen 
ausschließlich gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(7) Änderung von Garantien. Die oben aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend 
für jede Garantie im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND, 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte 
und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren (die 
"Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Essen. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) 
den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum 
der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben 
hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält und einen 
Bestätigungsvermerk des Clearingsystems trägt; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass 
eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einer solchen Rechtsstreitigkeit erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke 
des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben 
und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält und ein Konto beim Clearingsystem unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend 
machen, die im Land, in dem die Rechtsstreitigkeit geführt wird, prozessual zulässig 
ist.

--- Page 134 ---
129 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
Falls die 
Emissions-
bedingungen 
in deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Emissions-
bedingungen 
in englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer Über-
setzung in die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Emissions-
bedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 135 ---
130 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER – ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.][●] 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis 
geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten 
Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete 
Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede 
Person, 
die 
in 
der 
Folge 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anbietet, 
verkauft 
oder 
empfiehlt 
(ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; jedoch 
ist 
ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches 
MiFID 
II unterliegt, dafür verantwortlich, seine 
eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.][●] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.][●] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis 
geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne 
des FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist 
("UK MiFIR"), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete 
Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede 
Person, 
die 
in 
der 
Folge 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anbietet, 
verkauft 
oder 
empfiehlt 
(ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; jedoch 
ist ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.][●] 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and 
retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market

--- Page 136 ---
131 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].][●] 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER - Die Zielmarktbestimmung 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
hat 
– 
ausschließlich 
für 
den 
Zweck 
des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für 
die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne 
der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst; [und] (ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-
Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt 
berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle [nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit 
bzw. Angemessenheit], zu bestimmen.][●] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market. ] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].][●] 
[UK 
MiFIR 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
ZIELMARKT 
KLEINANLEGER 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen Kleinanleger, im 
Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 
("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist und geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, 
welche durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR"), umfasst; Entweder [und (ii) alle Kanäle für 
den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-
Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]] Oder [(ii) alle Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind 
und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – 
Anlageberatung[,][ 
und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung 
][und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick 
auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge 
die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung 
des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle [nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit], zu 
bestimmen.][●] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU as amended or superseded (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer

--- Page 137 ---
132 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 as amended or superseded (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 as amended or superseded (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.](15) 
[VERBOT 
DES 
VERKAUFS 
AN 
KLEINANLEGER 
IM 
EUROPÄISCHEN 
WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM 
– 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an 
Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für 
die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der 
folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 11 MiFID II; (ii) sie ist ein 
Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU in der jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung (die 
"Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 
des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung 
(die "Prospektverordnung"). Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014, in ihrer jeweils 
gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung (die "PRIIPs-Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot 
oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR 
erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.](15) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended or superseded ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 as amended or superseded (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended or superseded as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.](16) 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IN UK – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum 
Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich ("UK") bestimmt und 
sollten Kleinanlegern in UK nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise 
zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine 
Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 
Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des 
nationalen Rechts ist; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, in seiner jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung ("FSMA") und aller Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die 
im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht 
als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 gilt; welche 
durch EUWA Teil des nationales Rechts ist[; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder 
ersetzten Fassung (die "Prospektverordnung"), welche durch EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist]. Entsprechend 
wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014, in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, welche durch 
EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das 
Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger 
in UK erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in UK nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.](16) 
 
15 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area and UK" as "Not 
Applicable". 
 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum und 
UK" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären. 
16 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the UK" as "Not Applicable". 
 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger in UK" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären.

--- Page 138 ---
133 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
thyssenkrupp AG 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] 
issued pursuant to the 
begeben auf Grund des 
€ 10,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
of 
der 
thyssenkrupp AG 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300UDG16DOYUPR330 
dated 20 January 2022 
vom 20. Januar 2022 
Issue Date: [  ] (17) 
Tag der Begebung: [  ](17) 
Series No.: [  ][Tranche No.: [    ]] 
Serien Nr.: [  ] [Tranchen Nr.: [    ]] 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 as amended or superseded (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"), and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus pertaining to the 
Programme dated 20 January 2022 (the "Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [•]]. The Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of thyssenkrupp AG (www.thyssenkrupp.com) and copies may be 
obtained from thyssenkrupp AG. Full information is only available on the basis of the combination of the 
Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. [A summary of the individual issue of Notes is annexed to 
these Final Terms.](18) 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 1 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 
des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung 
(die "Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 
20. Januar 2022 über das Programm (der "Prospekt") [und [dem Nachtrag] [den Nachträgen] dazu vom [ ]] zu 
lesen. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) und der Internetseite der thyssenkrupp AG (www.thyssenkrupp.com) 
eingesehen werden. Kopien sind erhältlich bei thyssenkrupp AG. Vollständige Informationen sind nur verfügbar, 
wenn die Endgültigen Bedingungen, der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge dazu zusammengenommen werden. 
[Eine Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
angefügt.](18) 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant 
to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"] [capital 
markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018). 
Produktklassifizierung nach dem Wertpapier- und Futures-Gesetz von Singapur (Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act) – Nur für Zwecke ihrer Verpflichtungen nach den Abschnitten 309B (1)(a) und 309B (1)(c) des 
Wertpapier- und Futures-Gesetzes (Kapitel 289) von Singapur (Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
 
17 
The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag der 
Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
18 
Only applicable in case of specified denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur anwendbar falls der festgelegte Nennbetrag geringer als EUR 100.000 ist.

--- Page 139 ---
134 
Singapore) in der jeweils gültigen Fassung ("SFA") hat die Emittentin festgelegt, und benachrichtigt hiermit allen 
relevanten Personen (wie in Abschnitt 309A des SFA bezeichnet), dass es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen 
[um "bestimmte Kapitalmarktprodukte" ("prescribed capital markets products")] [nicht um Kapitalmarktprodukte, 
die keine "bestimmten Kapitalmarktprodukte" ("prescribed capital markets products")] (gemäß der Definition in 
den Verordnungen über Wertpapiere und Futures (Kapitalmarktprodukte) 2018 (Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018)) handelt.]

--- Page 140 ---
135 
PART A – Terms and Conditions 
TEIL A – Emissionsbedingungen 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I, Option II oder Option III aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) und Vervollständigung der betreffenden Leerstellen bestimmt 
werden, einfügen: 
The conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") and the [German] [English] language translation 
thereof, are as set out below. 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen (die "Bedingungen") sowie die [deutschsprachige] 
[englischsprachige] Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Fixed Rate Notes rates replicate here relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier betreffende Angaben der Option I (einschließlich 
der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Floating Rate Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier betreffende Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in case of Zero Coupon Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option III including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen hier betreffende Angaben der Option III (einschließlich der 
betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch Verweisung auf 
die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I, Option II oder Option III aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der 
jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part A. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of terms and conditions that apply to 
[Fixed Rate Notes] [Floating Rate Notes] [Zero–Coupon Notes] (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the 
Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] [Option III]. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
meanings specified in the set of Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil A. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit den dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der 
auf 
[Schuldverschreibungen] 
[mit 
fester 
Verzinsung] 
[mit 
variabler 
Verzinsung] 
[Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen] Anwendung findet (die "Emissionsbedingungen"), zu lesen, die der als [Option I] [Option 
II] [Option III] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, 
haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in 
diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this part of the Final Terms to numbered articles and subparagraphs are to articles and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen. 
All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in the Final Terms which are either not selected 
or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to 
the Notes (the "Conditions").

--- Page 141 ---
136 
Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
beziehen und die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt werden oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Emissionsbedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen.] 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination (19) 
Währung und Stückelung (19) 
Specified Currency 
[   ] 
Festgelegte Währung 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[   ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[   ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
Specified Denomination 
[   ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 C Rules 
C Rules 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 D Rules 
D Rules 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
Clearing System 
Clearingsystem 
 Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main (CBF) 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
65760 Eschborn 
 Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (CBL) 
42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B-1210 Brussels 
 
19 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in Euro, € 1,000, and, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency nearly equivalent to € 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt, falls in Euro, € 1.000, bzw. falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen 
Währung als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
dem Gegenwert von € 1.000 annähernd entspricht.

--- Page 142 ---
137 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) (20) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) (20) 
 No Interest Sustainability Step-up (20) 
Kein Zins Sustainability Step-up (20) 
Rate of Interest 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[   ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[   ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[   ] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[   ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount(s) (for the Specified Denomination) 
[   ] 
Anfängliche(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge) 
(für die festgelegte Stückelung) 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[   ] 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
Final Broken Amount(s) (per Specified Denomination) 
[   ] 
Abschließende(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge) 
(für jede festgelegte Stückelung) 
 Interest Sustainability Step-up (20) 
Zins Sustainability Step-up (20) 
Original Interest Rate 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
Ursprünglicher Zinssatz 
[   ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[   ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[   ] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[   ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount(s) (for the Specified Denomination) 
[   ] 
Anfängliche(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge) 
(für die festgelegte Stückelung) 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[   ] 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
Final Broken Amount(s) (per Specified Denomination) 
[   ] 
Abschließende(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge) 
(für jede festgelegte Stückelung) 
Adjusted Rate of Interest 
[Sum of the Original Interest Rate and [●] 
per cent. per annum] [●] 
Angepasster Zinssatz 
[Summe aus dem Ursprünglichen Zinssatz 
und [●]% per annum] [●] 
 
20 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
 
Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 143 ---
138 
Step-up Date 
[●] [Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the earlier of the Notice Date or the 
[fifth] [●] Business Day after at the end of 
the Deadline] 
Step-up Tag 
[●] [Zinszahlungstag, der dem Mitteilungstag 
oder dem [fünften] [●] Geschäftstag nach 
Ende der Ausschlussfrist unmittelbar 
nachfolgt, ja nachdem was früher eintritt] 
Notice Date 
Not later than on [fifth] [●] Business Day 
after the end of the Deadline 
Mitteilungstag 
Spätestens [fünfter] [●] Geschäftstag nach 
Ende der Ausschlussfrist 
Deadline 
[   ] 
Ausschlussfrist 
Step-up Event 
[One KPI] [Two KPI] [Three KPI] 
Step-up-Ereignis 
[Ein KPI] [Zwei KPI] [Drei KPI] 
KPI [1] 
[   ] 
KPI [1] 
[KPI 2 
[   ] 
KPI 2] 
[KPI 3 
[   ] 
KPI 3] 
Independent Verifier 
[●] 
Unabhängige Prüfstelle 
[●] 
Sustainability Performance Target [1] 
[   ] 
Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel [1] 
[Sustainability Performance Target 2 
[   ] 
Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel 2] 
[Sustainability Performance Target 3 
[   ] 
Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel 3] 
Protection against dilution 
[Yes/No] 
Verwässerungsschutz 
[Ja/Nein] 
Sustainable Performance Target Observation Date 
[   ] 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag 
Sustainability Report 
[●] 
Nachhaltigkeitsbericht 
[●] 
 Floating Rate Notes (Option II) (21) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) (21) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date 
[   ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[   ] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
 
21 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
 
Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 144 ---
139 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte-Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[   ][months/other – specify] 
 
FRN-Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[   ][Monate/andere – angeben] 
 Following Business Day Convention 
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 TARGET 
TARGET 
 Relevant Financial Centres 
[   ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 [insert applicable number of months]-month EURIBOR 
 [entsprechende Anzahl von Monaten einfügen]-Monats EURIBOR 
 [insert applicable number of months]-month LIBOR 
 [entsprechende Anzahl von Monaten einfügen]-Monats LIBOR 
 
Interest Determination Date 
[first] [second] [TARGET] [London] Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
[erster] [zweiter] [TARGET] [Londoner] Geschäftstag vor Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
Margin 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[   ] % per annum 
Benchmark Event prior to the 
commencement of the first Interest 
Period (§ 3(3)(b)) 
[Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such Original 
Benchmark Rate was displayed] [[●] per cent. per annum] 
Benchmark-Ereignis vor Beginn der 
ersten Zinsperiode (§ 3(3)(b)) 
[Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite an dem 
letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde] [[●] % per annum] 
 
 
 plus 
plus 
 minus 
minus 
 Zero Coupon Notes (Option III) 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen (Option III) 
Accrual of Interest 
Auflaufende Zinsen 
Amortization Yield 
[   ] 
Emissionsrendite 
[   ] 
Day Count Fraction (22) 
Zinstagequotient (22) 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 annual interest payments (excluding the case of short or long coupons) 
 
22 
Complete for all Notes. 
 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 145 ---
140 
 annual interest payments (including the case of short or long coupons) 
 two or more constant interest periods within an interest year (including the case of short coupons) 
 calculation period is longer than one reference period (long coupon) 
 reference period 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
[   ] 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 Actual/360 
 30/360 or 360/360 (Note Basis) 
 30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
PAYMENTS (§ 4)  
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day 
[Not applicable] 
Zahlungstag 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all) 
[   ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben) 
 TARGET 
TARGET 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Final Redemption 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 No Redemption Sustainability Step-up (23) 
Kein Rückzahlungs Sustainability Step-up (23) 
Maturity Date 
[   ] 
Fälligkeitstag 
 Redemption Sustainability Step-up (23) 
Rückzahlungs Sustainability Step-up (23) 
No Adjustment-Event occurred 
Principal amount 
Kein Anpassungs-Ereignis eingetreten 
Nennbetrag 
Adjustment-Event occurred 
[Principal amount plus an increase of [●] 
(corresponding to an increase of [●] bps)][●] 
Anpassungs-Ereignis eingetreten 
[Nennbetrag zuzüglich einer Erhöhung um 
[●] (entsprechend einer Erhöhung um [●] 
Basispunkte)][●] 
Notice Date 
Not later than on [fifth] [●] Business Day 
after the end of the Deadline 
Mitteilungstag 
Spätestens [fünfter] [●] Geschäftstag nach 
Ende der Ausschlussfrist 
Adjustment Event 
[One KPI] [Two KPI] [Three KPI] 
Anpassungsereignis 
[Ein KPI] [Zwei KPI] [Drei KPI] 
 
23 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
 
Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 146 ---
141 
Deadline 
[   ] 
Ausschlussfrist 
KPI [1] 
[   ] 
KPI [1] 
[KPI 2 
[   ] 
KPI 2] 
[KPI 3 
[   ] 
KPI 3] 
Independent Verifier 
[●] 
Unabhängige Prüfstelle 
[●] 
Sustainability Performance Target [1] 
[   ] 
Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel [1] 
[Sustainability Performance Target 2 
[   ] 
Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel 2] 
[Sustainability Performance Target 3 
[   ] 
Nachhaltigkeits-Entwicklungs-Ziel 3] 
Protection against dilution 
[Yes/No] 
Verwässerungsschutz 
[Ja/Nein] 
Sustainable Performance Target Observation Date 
[   ] 
Nachhaltigkeits-Leistungskennzahl Beobachtungsstichtag 
Sustainability Report 
[●] 
Nachhaltigkeitsbericht 
[●] 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
[Ja/Nein] 
Specified Call Redemption Period(s) 
[   ] 
Festgelegte(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum(räume) (Call) 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[   ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
[Ja/Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
[   ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[   ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
Early Redemption in case of a Change of Control 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Fall eines Kontrollwechsels 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Principal amount 
Nennbetrag 
 Early Redemption Amount 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag

--- Page 147 ---
142 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Not applicable] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Addition of accrued interest 
Aufzinsung 
Reference Price 
[   ] 
Referenzpreis 
Amortization Yield 
[   ] 
Emissionsrendite 
AGENTS (§ 6) 
Calculation Agent 
[Not applicable] 
Berechnungsstelle 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 Fiscal Agent 
 Other (specify) 
[   ] 
Sonstige (angeben) 
SUBSTITUTION (§ 10) 
ERSETZUNG (§ 10) 
 Substitution by any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer 
Ersetzung durch eine unmittelbare oder mittelbare Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin 
 Name (specify) 
[   ] 
Name (angeben) 
NOTICES (§ 12) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 12) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
 Clearing System 
Clearingsystem 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 13) 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 13) 
 Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders and not in the Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht in den 
Bedingungen 
 Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Bedingungen 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative (specify details) 
[   ] 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
[   ]

--- Page 148 ---
143 
Language of Conditions (§[15]) (24) 
Sprache der Bedingungen (§[15]) (24) 
 German only 
ausschließlich Deutsch 
 English only 
ausschließlich Englisch 
 English and German (English binding) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 German and English (German binding) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
24 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal requirements applicable 
from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to retail investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, German will be the controlling language. 
If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to retail investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German 
language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal office of thyssenkrupp AG. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer gesetzlicher 
Bestimmungen und soweit nicht anders vereinbart, bei Schuldverschreibungen, die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an Kleinanleger in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland verkauft werden, die deutsche 
Sprache maßgeblich sein wird. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an Kleinanleger die englische Sprache 
als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der thyssenkrupp 
AG erhältlich sein.

--- Page 149 ---
144 
Part B.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (25) 
Teil B.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN (25) 
A. Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, 
die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
 So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer, 
except that certain Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from or creditors of the 
Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for the Issuer or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der Emission beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die 
für das Angebot bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen verbundene Unternehmen 
Kunden von, Kreditnehmer der oder Kreditgeber der Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein 
können. Außerdem sind bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking Transaktionen und/oder Commercial 
Banking Transaktionen mit der Emittentin beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen. 
 Other interest (specify) 
[Specify details] 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds (26) 
[Specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge (26) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds (27) 
[             ] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erlöse (27) 
[             ] 
Estimated total expenses of the issue (28) 
[             ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission (28) 
[             ] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area (29) 
[Applicable] 
 
[Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (29) 
[Anwendbar] 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
 
 
25 
There is no obligation to complete Part B. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be listed on any regulated market within the 
European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil B. der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von 
mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der 
Emittentin auszufüllen. 
26 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general financing purposes of the 
thyssenkrupp Group include those reasons here. Not to be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken der 
thyssenkrupp-Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
27 
If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use will need to split up and present in order of priority. 
 
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
28 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
29 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be specified. 
 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte sind, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen können und kein KID im EWR vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen.

--- Page 150 ---
145 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the UK (30) 
[Applicable] 
 
[Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im UK (30) 
[Anwendbar] 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Eurosystem eligibility (31) 
EZB-Fähigkeit (31) 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes][No] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Ja][Nein] 
B. Information concerning the securities to be offered /admitted to trading 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
Common Code 
[             ] 
Common Code 
ISIN Code 
[             ] 
ISIN Code 
German Securities Code 
[             ] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) 
[Not applicable] [             ] 
Emittenten- und Instrumenten-Kurzname (FISN) 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI) 
[Not applicable] [             ] 
Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI-Code) 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Any other securities number 
[             ] 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility (32) 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität (32) 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][LIBOR] rates and the 
further performance as well as their volatility can be 
obtained from 
Reuters [EURIBOR01][LIBOR01] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR][LIBOR] 
Sätzen 
und 
Informationen 
über 
künftige 
Entwicklungen 
sowie 
ihre 
Volatilität 
können 
abgerufen werden unter 
Reuters [EURIBOR01][LIBOR01] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement 
disruption events that effect the [EURIBOR][LIBOR] 
rates 
[Not applicable] 
[Please see § 3 of the Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung 
des Marktes oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die 
[EURIBOR][LIBOR] Sätze beeinflussen 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Siehe § 3 der Bedingungen] 
 
30 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be specified. 
 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte sind, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen können und kein KID im UK vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
31 
Select "Yes" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main. 
 
"Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main gehalten werden sollen. 
32 
Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht erforderlich für Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 151 ---
146 
Yield (33) 
[             ] 
Rendite (33) 
[             ] 
Representation of debt security holders including an 
identification of the organization representing the 
investors and provisions applying to such 
representation. Indication of the website where 
investors may have free access to the contracts 
relating to these forms of representation(34) 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der 
die Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der auf 
die 
Vertretung 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen. 
Angabe der Website, auf der die Öffentlichkeit die 
Verträge kostenlos einsehen kann, die diese 
Vertretung regeln (34) 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorizations and approvals by virtue 
of which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, 
welche die Grundlage für die Schaffung der 
Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. Terms and conditions of the offer(35) 
[Not applicable] 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots (35) 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and action required to apply for the offer 
Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen für die Antragstellung 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Total amount of the issue offered to the 
public/admitted to trading. If the amount is not fixed, 
an indication of the maximum amount of the Notes 
to be offered (if available) and a description of the 
arrangements and time for announcing to the public 
the definitive amount of the offer 
[Specify details] 
Gesamtemissionsvolumen 
der 
öffentlich 
angebotenen/zum 
Handel 
zugelassenen 
Schuldverschreibungen. Ist das Emissionsvolumen 
nicht 
festgelegt, 
Angabe 
des 
maximalen 
Emissionsvolumens 
der 
anzubietenden 
Schuldverschreibungen (sofern verfügbar) und 
Beschreibung 
der 
Vereinbarungen 
und 
des 
Zeitpunkts für die Ankündigung des endgültigen 
Angebotsbetrags an das Publikum 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open and description of 
the application process 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – 
während der das Angebot gilt und Beschreibung des 
Angebotsverfahrens 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
33 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
34 
Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 13 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 13 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
35 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 152 ---
147 
A 
description 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and the manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der 
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Erstattung 
des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application (whether in number of notes or aggregate 
amount to invest) 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag 
der Zeichnung (entweder in Form der Anzahl der 
Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu 
investierenden Betrags) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and 
for delivery of the notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der 
Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to 
be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die 
Ergebnisse des Angebotsoffen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-
emption, the negotiability of subscription rights and 
the treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen 
Vorzugsrechts, 
die 
Übertragbarkeit 
der 
Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht 
ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.2 Various categories of potential investors (36) 
[Not applicable] 
Verschiedene Kategorien von potentiellen Investoren (36) 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Various cateogries of potential investors to which the Notes are offered: 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der potentiellen 
Investoren, denen die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten 
werden: 
 Qualified Investors 
Qualifizierte Anleger 
 Non-qualified Investors 
Nicht-qualifizerter Anleger 
 Qualified and Non-qualified Investors 
Qualifizierte und Nicht-qualifizierte Anleger] 
C.3 Plan of distribution and allotment (37) 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung (37) 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the 
markets of two or more countries and if a tranche has 
been or is being reserved for certain of these, indicate 
such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zwei 
oder mehrerer Ländern und wurde/ wird eine 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
36 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
37 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 153 ---
148 
bestimmte 
Tranche 
einigen 
dieser 
Märkte 
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount 
allotted and indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten 
Betrags und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels 
vor dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.4 Pricing (38) 
Preisfeststellung (38) 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Not applicable] [Issue Price] [Specify details] 
Preis 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
voraussichtlich angeboten werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Ausgabepreis] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber / purchaser 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, 
die 
dem 
Zeichner/Käufer 
in 
Rechnung gestellt werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.5 Placing and Underwriting (38) 
Platzierung und Übernahme (38) 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global 
offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent 
known to the Issuer or the offeror, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer takes place 
[             ] 
Name 
und 
Anschrift 
des 
Koordinator/der 
Koordinatoren des globalen Angebots oder einzelner 
Teile des Angebots und – sofern der Emittentin oder 
dem Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu den Platzeuren in 
den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
[             ] 
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
Subscription Agreement 
Übernahmevertrag 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[             ] 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages 
Material features of the Subscription Agreement 
[             ] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
Management Details including form of commitment (39) 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme (39) 
Dealer / Management Group (specify) 
[             ] 
Platzeur / Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
 
 
 
38 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
39 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 154 ---
149 
 Firm commitment 
[             ] 
Feste Zusage 
 No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
[             ] 
Ohne feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
Commissions (40) 
Provisionen (40) 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[             ] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[             ] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
Stabilising Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
[None] [Specify details] 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Platzeur(e)/Manager 
[Keiner] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
D. Listing and admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
Börsenzulassung und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Ja/Nein] 
Regulated Market and Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulierter Markt und amtliches Kursblatt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
Date of admission 
[             ] 
Datum der Zulassung 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading(41) 
[             ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel (41) 
All regulated markets, third country markets or MTFs 
on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the 
same class of the notes to be offered or admitted to 
trading are already admitted to trading(42) 
[Yes/No] 
Angabe 
sämtlicher 
geregelter 
Märkte, 
Drittlandsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach 
Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der 
gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel 
angeboten oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits 
zum Handel zugelassen sind (42) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 Other stock exchanges 
[Specify stock exchange] 
Andere Börsen 
[Börse einfügen] 
Issue Price 
[             ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis 
[             ] % 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main terms of their 
commitment 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
 
40 
To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. 
41 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
42 
In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with a Specified 
Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Im Fall einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die ursprünglichen 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 155 ---
150 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer 
festen Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel 
tätig sind, um Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen 
zur Verfügung zu stellen, und Beschreibung der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusage 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E. Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating (43) 
[             ] 
Rating (43) 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")] [Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's")] [Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited ("Fitch")] [relevant rating agency/agencies] [is][are] established in the European Union and [is][are] 
registered or [has][have] applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from time to time 
("CRA Regulation"). 
[The 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a 
decision under article 16, 17 or 20 of the CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated 
list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")] [Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's")] [Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited ("Fitch")] [zutreffende Ratingagentur/en] [hat][haben] ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union und [ist][sind] 
gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 
über Ratingagenturen, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, ("Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert oder 
[hat][haben] die Registrierung beantragt. 
[Die Europäische Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
ein 
Verzeichnis 
der 
nach 
der 
Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen 
nach Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die 
Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung.] 
F. Consent to use the Prospectus 
[Not applicable] 
Einwilligung zur Nutzung des Prospekts 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[If general consent is given, insert: Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling 
or finally placing Notes is entitled to use the Prospectus in [Luxembourg[,]] [the Federal Republic of Germany[,]] 
[The Netherlands] [and] [the Republic of Austria] for the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant 
Notes during the offer period from [ ] and until [ ], provided however, that the Prospectus is still valid in 
accordance with article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation.]  
[If specific consent is given, insert: [Specify names and addresses of the Dealers in case of individual consent is 
given] subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes [is][are] entitled to use the Prospectus in [Luxembourg[,]] 
[the Federal Republic of Germany[,]] [The Netherlands] [and] [the Republic of Austria] for the subsequent resale 
or final placement of the relevant Notes during the offer period from [ ] and until [ ], provided however, that the 
Prospectus is still valid in accordance with article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Im Fall von allgemeiner Zustimmung zur Nutzung des Prospekts einfügen: Jeder Platzeur und/oder jeder weitere 
Finanzintermediär, der Schuldverschreibungen nachfolgend weiter verkauft oder endgültig platziert, ist 
berechtigt, den Prospekt für den späteren Weiterverkauf oder die endgültige Platzierung der 
Schuldverschreibungen in [Luxemburg[,]] [der Bundesrepublik Deutschland[,]] [den Niederlanden] [und] [der 
Republik Österreich] während der Angebotsfrist vom [ ] bis [ ] zu verwenden. Ein solcher späterer Weiterverkauf 
oder eine solche endgültige Platzierung setzt jeweils voraus, dass der Prospekt in Übereinstimmung mit Artikel 12 
Absatz 1 der Prospektverordnung noch gültig ist.]  
[Im Fall von spezifischer Zustimmung zur Nutzung des Prospekts einfügen: [Namen und Anschriften der Dealer 
einfügen, falls individuelle Zustimmung erteilt wird] [der][die] Schuldverschreibungen nachfolgend weiter 
 
43 
Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
been previously published by the rating provider. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung der Ratings einfügen, 
wenn sie erst unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurden.

--- Page 156 ---
151 
verkauf[t][en] oder endgültig platzier[t][en], [ist][sind] berechtigt, den Prospekt für den späteren Weiterverkauf 
oder die endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen in [Luxemburg[,]] [der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland[,]] [den Niederlanden] [und] [der Republik Österreich] während der Angebotsfrist vom [ ] bis [ ] zu 
verwenden. Ein solcher späterer Weiterverkauf oder eine solche endgültige Platzierung setzt jeweils voraus, dass 
der Prospekt in Übereinstimmung mit Artikel 12 Absatz 1 der Prospektverordnung noch gültig ist.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently 
verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt 
Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und 
dass – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten veröffentlichten Informationen 
ableiten konnte – keine Tatsachen unterschlagen wurden, die die wiedergegebenen Informationen unzutreffend 
oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
thyssenkrupp AG 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin) 
 ________________________________

--- Page 157 ---
152 
THYSSENKRUPP AG AS ISSUER 
Independent Auditors  
thyssenkrupp AG's independent auditors as of and for the fiscal years ended 30 September 2020 and 
30 September 2021 is PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Friedrich-List-
Straße 20, 45128 Essen ("PwC"). PwC audited thyssenkrupp AG's consolidated financial statements as of and 
for the fiscal years ended 30 September 2020 and 30 September 2021 ("Group Financial Statements"), both 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the European 
Union pursuant to EU Regulation No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and the Council concerning the use 
of International Accounting Standards and has issued unqualified auditors' reports on the Group Financial 
Statements as of and for the fiscal years ended 30 September 2020 and 30 September 2021. PwC is a member 
of the German Chamber of Auditors (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstraße 26, 10787 Berlin. 
Comparability of selected financial information and financial information incorporated by reference 
As part of the organizationally repositioning, since 1 October 2020 certain businesses for which thyssenkrupp is 
considering other ownership structure in the short to medium term have been combined to form the new stand-
alone Multi Tracks segment and managed by a dedicated segment board in the sense of active investment 
management. In this connection, the following businesses were assigned organizationally to the new Multi Tracks 
segment at the beginning of fiscal year 2020/2021: plant engineering, i.e. the chemical, cement and mining 
businesses, the stainless steel business (stainless steel plant in Terni, Italy (AST) including the associated sales 
organization) and the infrastructure business from the Materials Services segment, Automation Engineering 
(System Engineering Powertrain Solutions and Battery Solutions) as well as Springs & Stabilizers from the 
Automotive Technology segment and Heavy Plate from the Steel Europe segment. The disposal process initiated 
in the fiscal year 2020/2021 for the plant engineering activities of the mining, infrastructure and the stainless 
steel businesses in the Multi Tracks segment met the criteria for presentation as disposal groups in accordance 
with IFRS 5 for the first time in the 4th quarter 2020/2021. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities attributable to 
these activities have to be disclosed separately for the first time in the statement of financial position as of 
30 September 2021. The Elevator investment included in the "Reconciliation" reporting line under Special Units 
until the end of fiscal year has also been assigned to the new Multi Tracks segment since 1 October 2020. 
Furthermore, until completion of the sale at the end of August 2021, this also applied to thyssenkrupp Carbon 
Components, which is included in the "Reconciliation" reporting line under Special Services until the end of fiscal 
year 2019/2020. The presentation and disclosure of the corresponding prior period have been adjusted in the 
audited Group Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2021 in line with these changes. 
At the end of February 2020, thyssenkrupp signed an agreement with bidding consortium led by Advent 
International and Cinven on the full sale of its elevator business Elevator Technology. After approval of the 
responsible authorities, the closing of the transaction together with the deconsolidation of Elevator Technology 
took place on 31 July 2020. The transaction met the criteria of IFRS 5 for presentation of Elevator Technology 
as a discontinued operation. It encompassed Elevator Technology and individual units from the Corporate 
Headquarters. In accordance with IFRS 5 all expense and income of the discontinued elevator operations were 
reported separately in the consolidated statement of income as well as all cash flows were reported separately 
in the consolidated statement of cash flows. With the classification as a discontinued operation, non-current 
assets are no longer subject to depreciation/amortization. As a result of the sale at the end of July 2020, the 
assets and liabilities of Elevator Technology were deconsolidated from the consolidated balance sheet. 
For further information see Section "Organizational and management structure" as well as Note 3 "Discontinued 
operation and disposal groups" and Note 24 "Segment reporting" in the audited Group Financial Statements for 
the fiscal year ended 30 September 2021. 
With effect from 1 October 2020 the definition of adjusted EBIT has been adjusted to include a narrower definition 
of special items, according to which earnings are adjusted only for restructuring expenses, impairment 
losses/reversals, and disposal gains or losses. Adjusted EBIT for the corresponding prior period has been 
adjusted in the audited Group Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2021 in line with this 
change. 
Financial information as of and for fiscal years ended 30 September 2020 and 2021 presented in this Prospectus 
are derived from the audited Group Financial Statements 2020/2021, the Company's accounting records or 
internal management reporting systems that reflect the strategic alignment and the adjustment of the definition 
of Adjusted EBIT.  
When figures in this Prospectus are referred to as "Full Group" this includes continuing operations and 
discontinued operations.

--- Page 158 ---
153 
Selected Financial Information 
The following table includes financial figures that are non-IFRS and non-HGB financial measures and therefore 
belong to the so-called alternative performance measures ("APM"). These APMs are presented because the 
management believes that they assist investors and analysts in comparing the performance and liquidity across 
reporting periods and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Neither the 
assumptions underlying the APMs have been audited in accordance with IFRS or any generally accepted 
accounting standards and should be read in connection with the explanations hereinafter. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THYSSENKRUPP IN FIGURES 
 
 
Full group44 
 
Group – continuing operations 
 
 
Year ended 
Sept. 30, 2020 
Year ended 
Sept. 30, 2021 
Year ended 
Sept. 30, 2020 
Year ended 
Sept. 30, 2021 
Net sales 
million € 
35,443 
34,015 
28,899 
34,015 
EBIT 
million € 
10,475 
451 
(5,255) 
457 
EBIT margin 
% 
29.6 
1.3 
(18.2) 
1.3 
Adjusted EBIT45 
million € 
(1,039) 
796 
(1,759) 
796 
Adjusted EBIT margin46 
% 
(2.9) 
2.3 
(6.1) 
2.3 
Income/(loss) before tax 
million € 
10,112 
95 
(5,593) 
101 
Net income/(loss) or earnings after tax 
million € 
9,592 
(25) 
(5,541) 
(19) 
attributable to thyssenkrupp AG's 
shareholders 
million € 
9,585 
(115) 
(5,547) 
(109) 
Operating cash flows  
million € 
(3,326) 
92 
(4,224) 
94 
Cash flow for investments 
million € 
(2,352) 
(1,485) 
(2,188) 
(1,485) 
Cash flow from divestments 
million € 
14,766 
975 
14,783 
975 
Free cash flow 
million € 
9,088 
(418) 
8,371 
(416) 
Free cash flow before M&A 
million € 
(4,835) 
(1,273) 
(5,515) 
(1,273) 
Net financial assets (Sept. 30) 
million € 
(5,053) 
(3,586) 
  
 
Total equity (Sept. 30) 
million € 
10,174 
10,845 
  
 
Employees (Sept. 30) 
  
103,598 
101,275 
  
 
 
 
 
 
EBIT provides information on the profitability of a unit. It contains all elements of the income statement relating 
to operating performance. This also includes items of financial income/expense that can be characterized as 
operational, including income and expense from investments where there is a long-term intention to hold the 
assets. 
EBIT margin is the ratio of EBIT to net sales. 
Adjusted EBIT is EBIT adjusted for special items, i.e. excluding restructuring expenses, impairment 
losses/impairment reversals and disposal gains or losses. It is more suitable than EBIT for comparing operating 
performance over several periods. 
Adjusted EBIT margin is the ratio of adjusted EBIT to net sales. 
 
44  
Includes respective amounts of the discontinued operations; see Note 3 "Discontinued operation and disposal groups" of the audited 
Group Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2021. 
45  
Adjusted EBIT for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2020 aligned to new definition, see "Comparability of selected financial information 
and financial information incorporated by reference". 
46  
Adjusted EBIT margin for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2020 adjusted due to changes in the definition of Adjusted EBIT, see 
"Comparability of selected financial information and financial information incorporated by reference".

--- Page 159 ---
154 
The table below presents the reconciliation to thyssenkrupp's EBIT and adjusted EBIT 
 
 
 
RECONCILIATION ADJUSTED EBIT (FULL GROUP) TO 
INCOME/(LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE TAX 
  
  
million € 
Year ended 
Sept. 30, 2020 
Year ended 
Sept. 30, 2021 
Adjusted EBIT as presented in segment reporting (Full Group)47 
(1,039) 
796 
Special items 
 
 
Materials Services 
(455) 
7 
Industrial Components 
(168) 
(24) 
Automotive Technology 
(713) 
(30) 
Steel Europe 
(1,673) 
(175) 
Marine Systems 
(5) 
(1) 
Multi Tracks 
(319) 
(89) 
Corporate Headquarters 
(26) 
(43) 
Reconciliation 
(138) 
17 
Group continuing operations 
(3,496) 
(340) 
Discontinued elevator operations 
15,010 
(6) 
Special Items (Full group) 
11,514 
(346) 
EBIT as presented in segment reporting (Full Group) 
10,475 
451 
+ Non-operating income/(expense) from companies accounted for using the equity method (Full 
Group) 
(6) 
(136) 
+ Finance income (Full Group) 
1,208 
725 
– Finance expense (Full Group) 
(1,569) 
(962) 
– Items of finance income assigned to EBIT based on economic classification (Full Group) 
(5) 
(2) 
+ Items of finance expense assigned to EBIT based on economic classification (Full Group) 
10 
19 
Income/(loss) group (net of tax) (Full Group) 
10,112 
95 
– / + Income/(loss) from discontinued operations  
(15,705) 
6 
Income/(loss) from continuing operations as presented in the statement of income 
(5,593) 
101 
 
 
 
 
 
47  
Adjusted EBIT for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2020 aligned to new definition, see "Comparability of selected financial information 
and financial information incorporated by reference".

--- Page 160 ---
155 
The table below presents the reconciliation to thyssenkrupp's cash flow for investments, cash flow from 
divestments, free cash flow and free cash flow before M&A 
 
 
 
RECONCILIATION TO FREE CASH FLOW BEFORE M&A (FULL GROUP) 
million € 
Year ended 
Sept. 30, 2020 
Year ended 
Sept. 30, 2021 
Operating cash flows – continuing operations (consolidated statement of cash flows) 
(4,224) 
94 
Cash flow from investing activities – continuing operations (consolidated statement of cash flows) 
12,595 
(510) 
Cash flow for investments 
(2,188) 
(1,485) 
Purchase of investments accounted for using the equity method and non-current financial assets 
(4) 
(1) 
Expenditures for acquisitions of consolidated companies net of cash acquired 
0 
(36) 
Capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment (inclusive of advance payments) and 
investment property 
(1,265) 
(1,404) 
Capital expenditures for intangible assets (inclusive of advance payments) 
(69) 
(44) 
Capital expenditures in time deposits 
(850) 
0 
Cash flow from divestments 
14,783 
975 
Proceeds from disposals of investments accounted for using the equity method and non-current 
financial assets 
5 
0 
Proceeds from disposals of previously consolidated companies net of cash disposed 
14,697 
1 
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment and investment property 
57 
122 
Proceeds from disposals of intangible assets 
25 
1 
Proceeds from disposals of time deposits 
0 
850 
Free cash flow – continuing operations (FCF) 
8,371 
(416) 
–/+ Cash inflow/cash outflow resulting from material M&A transactions 
(14,637) 
121 
Adjustment due to IFRS 16 
(98) 
(128) 
Adjustment due to time deposits 
850 
(850) 
Free cash flow before M&A – continuing operations (FCF before M&A) 
(5,515) 
(1,273) 
Discontinued elevator operations 
680 
0 
Free cash flow before M&A – group (FCF before M&A) 
(4,835) 
(1,273) 
 
 
 
Free Cash Flow before M&A permits a liquidity-based assessment of performance in a reporting period by 
measuring cash flows from operating activities excluding income and expenditures from material portfolio 
measures. It is measured as operating cash flow less cash flows from investing activities excluding cash inflows 
or outflows from material M&A transactions. This too links more directly to operating activities and facilitates 
comparability in multi-period analyses. 
Net financial assets is calculated as the difference between cash and cash equivalents and time deposits shown 
in the statement of financial position plus current debt instruments, and non-current and current financial debt. 
The corresponding assets and liabilities of the disposal groups are also taken into account. 
The table below presents the reconciliation to thyssenkrupp's net financial assets: 
 
 
 
RECONCILIATION TO NET FINANCIAL ASSETS (FULL GROUP) 
  
  
million € 
Sept. 30, 2020 
Sept. 30, 2021 
Financial debt 
6,502 
5,44048 
Cash, cash equivalents and time deposits 
(11,547) 
(9,017)49 
Current debt instruments 
(8) 
(9) 
Net financial assets (Full Group) 
(5,053) 
(3,586) 
 
48  
Includes financial debt as presented in the statement of financial position in the amount of € 5,424 million and financial debt of disposal 
groups in the amount of € 16 million. 
49  
Includes cash, cash equivalents and time deposits as presented in the statement of financial position in the amount of € 8,974 million 
and cash, cash equivalents and time deposits of disposal groups in the amount of € 42 million.

--- Page 161 ---
156 
Information about thyssenkrupp 
History and development of thyssenkrupp 
The legal name of thyssenkrupp AG is thyssenkrupp AG. The commercial name of thyssenkrupp AG is 
thyssenkrupp. "thyssenkrupp Group", "thyssenkrupp" or "Group" means thyssenkrupp AG together with all of its 
affiliated companies within the meaning of German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
thyssenkrupp AG was formed as a stock corporation under German law in 1999 from the merger of Thyssen 
Aktiengesellschaft and Fried. Krupp AG Hoesch-Krupp in accordance with a merger agreement dated 16 October 
1998 and the resolutions of the annual stockholders' meetings of Thyssen Aktiengesellschaft on 3/4 December 
1998 and Fried. Krupp AG Hoesch-Krupp on 30 November 1998. thyssenkrupp AG is the legal successor of both 
Thyssen Aktiengesellschaft and Fried. Krupp AG Hoesch-Krupp. The merger was consummated with economic 
effect at 1 October 1998. 
thyssenkrupp AG was entered in the commercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Düsseldorf under 
number HRB 37003 on 17 March 1999. It is operated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
The annual stockholders' meeting of thyssenkrupp AG on 24 May 2000 resolved to move thyssenkrupp AG's 
registered office from Düsseldorf to Essen and Duisburg. The entry in the commercial registers of the local court 
(Amtsgericht) of Essen was made on 10 May 2001 under HRB 15364 and of the local court of Duisburg on 
19 June 2001 under HRB 9092. thyssenkrupp AG's headquarters are located at thyssenkrupp Allee 1, 45143 
Essen. Its telephone number is +49-201-844-0. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of thyssenkrupp AG is: 549300UDG16DOYUPR330 
thyssenkrupps AG's website can be accessed under https://www.thyssenkrupp.com. The content of the website 
is for information purposes only and does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or 
approved by the CSSF. 
Organizational and management structure 
As part of the ongoing transformation of thyssenkrupp´s Group of companies, since 1 October 2020 its business 
activities have been bundled in six segments: Materials Services, Industrial Components, Automotive 
Technology, Steel Europe, Marine Systems, and Multi Tracks – a new, independent segment in which 
thyssenkrupp bundles businesses for which it is considering a different ownership structure in the short- to mid-
term.  
The segments are generally divided into business units and operating units. The Marine Systems segment and 
the Bearings and Forged Technologies businesses combined in the Industrial Components segment are 
managed as business units directly by thyssenkrupp AG. As of 30 September 2021, 335 companies and 22 
investments accounted for by the equity method are included in the consolidated financial statements; overall 
thyssenkrupp consolidates companies from 56 countries. 
Four regional platforms provide services required by the operating businesses in the various regions. Moreover, 
effective 1 October 2020 the service units were combined in two companies, thyssenkrupp Services GmbH and 
thyssenkrupp Information Management GmbH, to provide crosscutting services to the businesses and Corporate 
Headquarters. Responsibility for the strategic management of the Group remains with thyssenkrupp AG. To allow 
management of the Company in close consultation with the businesses, an Executive Committee has been 
established as a steering body. Alongside the Executive Board of thyssenkrupp AG, its members are the CEOs 
of the segments, the heads of the corporate centers, and a representative of the regions. This enables decisions 
made by the Executive Board to be more closely oriented to markets and customers as well as technologies, 
products and business-specific developments.

--- Page 162 ---
157 
 
 
Corporate Headquarters 
 
thyssenkrupp AG 
 
Segments1) 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Sales 
€12,315 million 
 
Adjusted EBIT 
€587 million 
Total Sales 
€2,512 million 
 
Adjusted EBIT 
€322 million 
Total Sales 
€4,522 million 
 
Adjusted EBIT 
€264 million 
▪ Global materials distributor 
▪ Customer-specific processing, 
warehousing and logistics 
services 
▪ Intelligent solutions for more 
sustainable, digital supply 
chains 
▪ Manufacture of slewing rings, 
antifriction bearings and 
seamless rolled rings for wind 
energy and various industrial 
applications (Bearings)2) 
▪ Manufacture of forged 
components and system 
solutions for the resource, 
construction and mobility 
sectors (Forged Technologies)2) 
▪ Volume supplier of chassis and 
powertrain components 
▪ Assembly and logistics partner 
▪ Supplier of body assembly lines 
and volume producer of 
lightweight body parts 
 
 
 
Total Sales 
€8,932 million 
 
Adjusted EBIT 
€116 million 
Total Sales 
€2,022 million 
 
Adjusted EBIT 
€26 million 
Total Sales 
€5,651 million 
 
Adjusted EBIT 
€(298) million 
▪ Production of flat carbon steel 
for the automotive industry and 
many other sectors 
▪ Establishing climate-neutral 
steel production as part of the 
tkH2Steel transformation project 
▪ System provider in submarine 
and surface vessel construction 
and in maritime electronics and 
security technology 
▪ Plant construction, including for 
the chemical, cement and 
mining industries 
▪ Production of stainless steel 
▪ Supplier of powertrain and 
battery production lines and 
manufacturer of springs and 
stabilizers for the automotive 
industry 
▪ Supplier of technology for highly 
efficient water electrolysis plants 
1) Total Sales and Adjusted EBIT are presented as of September 30, 2021  
2) Managed separately by thyssenkrupp AG as a business unit 
 
Materials 
Services 
Steel 
Europe 
Marine 
Systems2) 
Multi 
Tracks 
Industrial 
Components 
Automotive 
Technology

--- Page 163 ---
158 
Business Overview 
Principal Activities 
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies with largely independent industrial and technology 
businesses, supplying customised steel grades, plastics, aluminium and many more materials to business 
partners worldwide. thyssenkrupp also produces technology goods such as complete industrial complexes, 
components for areas such as cars and wind turbines, as well as modern marine systems. 
thyssenkrupp is in the midst of the corporate transformation adopted in May 2019, which was further concretized 
in May 2020. The aim is to realign thyssenkrupp as a sustainable and high-performing group of companies with 
a lean management model and clearly structured portfolio.  
In the transformation process, thyssenkrupp is guided at all times by its three action areas: performance, portfolio 
and people. 
Performance 
The overarching goal is to boost the performance and competitiveness of all businesses. Each unit has been set 
an individual profitability target, based on benchmark analysis. In addition, all businesses must earn at least 
their cost of capital. Plans on how to achieve these targets are worked out with all businesses and specific and 
realistic measures are defined. These measures are reviewed, adjusted where necessary and monitored in 
regular dialogue between the holding company and relevant decentralized unit. The businesses' management 
teams bear full responsibility for the results. 
At the start of the transformation process, extensive performance and restructuring measures were introduced 
to bring about a significant improvement in adjusted EBIT and Free Cash Flow before M&A; these are currently 
being implemented or have already been completed. In connection with the transformation of the Group, 
thyssenkrupp has identified scope to cut more than 12,000 jobs by 2023/2024. In the past two fiscal years, 
7,800 of these jobs have already been cut. 
As part of the performance action area, thyssenkrupp is also focusing more strongly on performance culture 
throughout the Group and driving forward the continuous enhancement of its competitiveness. This also involves 
continuously reviewing and revising the key performance indicators and the logic behind them as well as the 
associated compensation systems. 
Portfolio 
thyssenkrupp examines and evaluates the development potential of the individual businesses to find the 
constellation that offers the best future prospects for these units from the perspective of all stakeholders. The 
principal criteria are their market attractiveness, their technology and cost position and the future potential to 
create value. In this, achieving or maintaining a sustainable competitive position in the individual businesses is 
more important than their ownership structure. 
On the basis of their market position and competitive strength, thyssenkrupp still sees good development 
potential for Materials Services and Industrial Components and intends to continue to develop these businesses 
on its own in the future. thyssenkrupp will also keep the Automotive Technology business within the Group. In 
line with the industry trend for collaboration, alliances and development partnerships are also conceivable on a 
selective basis. 
Having ended the talks on the sale of the steel division to Liberty Steel in February 2021, thyssenkrupp will be 
continuing to drive forward the steel business on its own. Thanks to the ongoing restructuring process and 
additional performance measures, thyssenkrupp made progress in strengthening the competitiveness of this 
business in the fiscal year 2020/2021. At the same time, thyssenkrupp regards a stand-alone solution as 
advantageous for the steel business because thyssenkrupp is convinced that a dedicated steel company has 
better chances of remaining viable in the long term and is examining whether and if so, how, this could be 
achieved. In parallel with this, thyssenkrupp is continuing to implement the Steel Strategy 20-30. 
At Marine Systems, both the cost-cutting and performance measures and the latest order intake figures show a 
positive trend. In view of the specific market and sector situation, alongside further measures to enhance the 
performance of this business for stand-alone development, thyssenkrupp is also examining possible 
partnerships and consolidation options to give the German and European shipyard industry as a whole a stronger 
international position. 
As part of the concretization of the realignment, since 1 October 2020 certain businesses for which thyssenkrupp 
is considering other ownership structures in the short to medium term have been combined to form the new 
stand-alone Multi Tracks segment and managed by a dedicated segment board in the sense of active investment

--- Page 164 ---
159 
management. The above-mentioned other ownership structures could involve, for example, the complete or 
partial sale or also the continuation of the business together with one or more external partners. In this 
connection, the following businesses were assigned organizationally to the new Multi Tracks segment at the 
beginning of the fiscal year 2020/2021: plant engineering, i.e. the chemical plant, cement plant and mining 
equipment businesses, the stainless steel business (stainless steel plant in Terni, Italy (AST) including the 
associated sales organization) and the infrastructure business from the Materials Services segment, Automation 
Engineering (System Engineering Powertrain Solutions and Battery Solutions) as well as Springs & Stabilizers 
from the Automotive Technology segment and Heavy Plate from the Steel Europe segment. In fiscal year 
2020/2021, thyssenkrupp achieved some major milestones in the focusing of its portfolio with the announcement 
of plans to sell individual activities, some of which have already been completed, and the closure of the heavy 
plate business. The sale of Mining Technologies, Infrastructure and stainless steel business, in particular, should 
have a positive impact on key financial indicators. 
The water electrolysis technologies supplied by thyssenkrupp nucera, formerly named Uhde Chlorine Engineers 
(UCE), provide a very good basis to benefit from the strong demand for production processes for green hydrogen. 
As of 31 December 2021 order backlog for green hydrogen is already around € 900 million. The focus on alkaline 
water electrolysis growth will fundamentally change the scope of thyssenkrupp nucera in the years to come. 
thyssenkrupp AG is currently examining how to develop the hydrogen business in the best possible way 
preferring an initial public offering (IPO). A stock exchange listing would make it possible for the capital market 
to apply a market value to the business and the IPO proceeds could be used to finance further growth. To 
underline the new era of the hydrogen business, it will operate under its new name thyssenkrupp nucera from 
13 January 2022 onwards. The name nucera is composed of "new", "UCE" and "era" and thus symbolizes the 
departure for the business into a new era of innovation, transformation, and green energy. 
People 
Alongside the structural changes, the transformation of the Company does not simply require more decentralized 
organizational structures; it also makes new demands on the work, requiring a continuous alignment of the key 
strategic areas of thyssenkrupp´s HR work. 
Segment review 
Materials Services50 
 
MATERIALS SERVICES IN FIGURES 
 
 
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2020
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2021
Total sales 
million € 
9,895
12,315
EBIT 
million € 
(540)
594
Adjusted EBIT51 
million € 
(85)
587
Employees (Sept. 30) 
  
15,800
15,296
For a definition and reconciliation of the APM presented in the table above, please refer to the section "Selected 
Financial Information" on pages 153 et seqq. of this Prospectus. 
Materials Services is a materials distributor and service provider in the western world (Europe and North 
America). The portfolio ranges from materials and raw materials to technical services through the development 
of intelligent processes for automation, extended supply chains, warehousing and inventory management. 
Order intake and sales: significantly up on the fiscal year 2019/2020, with reduced availability of materials 
Order intake and sales performed very well in fiscal year 2020/2021. After a rather weak 1st quarter, sales 
volumes and prices increased continuously over the remainder of the fiscal year 2020/2021, in a market that 
was increasingly characterized by a shortage of materials. In total, Materials Services sold 9.1 million tons of 
materials and raw materials in fiscal year 2020/2021, 12 % more than in the prior fiscal year. Demand 
significantly outpaced supply, so that prices for finished steel in particular continued to reach new highs in the 
fiscal year 2020/2021, whereby most other products also saw sharp price rises. Almost all businesses benefited 
from this – from warehousing and the direct-to-customer business through to the service centers and the units 
 
50  
As part of a strategic alignment certain segments were organizationally repositioned. The presentation and disclosure of the 
corresponding prior periods have been adjusted in line with the aforementioned change. See "Comparability of selected financial 
information and financial information incorporated by reference". 
51  
Adjusted EBIT for fiscal year ended 30 September 2020 aligned to new definition, see "Comparability of selected financial information 
and financial information incorporated by reference".

--- Page 165 ---
160 
specialized in supply chain solutions. Demand from the automotive industry in particular recovered rapidly from 
the decline caused by the pandemic in the fiscal year 2019/2020 and made a major contribution to the rise in 
the segment's sales volumes and revenues. Looking at the regions, performance was also positive throughout. 
Growth in the international trading business and at the eastern European trading companies was particularly 
strong. 
Adjusted EBIT: strong performance thanks to market situation and internal transformation 
Both service units in the segment – Distribution Services and Supply Chain Services – profited particularly from 
the supply shortages and the seller's market from the 2nd quarter onwards. Margins and so adjusted EBIT 
performed well thanks to rising sales volumes and prices. Great progress was made with the strategic 
transformation in fiscal year 2020/2021: for example, the site network was optimized by means of disposals 
(Thailand, Röhm Italia), closures (including thyssenkrupp Aerospace Varel), consolidation (the logistics center 
Rotenburg replaces the warehouse sites in Hamburg and Bremen) and mergers of businesses (in France, Britain 
and India). In addition, the Stainless Steel Service Center Dortmund was transferred to the thyssenkrupp Multi 
Tracks segment. These measures, along with various restructuring programs at companies in the segment, led 
to a further reduction in the workforce of 3 % compared with 30 September 2020 following a reduction of 7 % 
compared to the fiscal year 2019/2020. Since sales volumes increased at the same time (+3 % in warehouse 
sales), this meant that productivity improved year-on-year by 5 % (warehouse sales per employee). 
Industrial Components 
 
INDUSTRIAL COMPONENTS IN FIGURES 
 
 
 
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2020
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2021
Total sales 
million € 
2,099
2,512
EBIT 
million € 
(29)
297
Adjusted EBIT52 
million € 
139
322
Employees (Sept. 30) 
  
12,500
12,812
 
For a definition and reconciliation of the APM presented in the table above, please refer to the section "Selected 
Financial Information" on pages 153 et seqq. of this Prospectus. 
Industrial Components comprises two business units: the bearings business and forgings business. 
In the bearings business, a niche within the rolling-element bearing market, Bearings is one of the biggest 
manufacturers of seamless rolled slewing rings. The slewing bearings and rings are used in a wide range of 
forward-looking applications. In addition to customers in the wind energy market thyssenkrupp also serves 
customers in very different industrial markets – from construction machinery, cranes and tunnel boring machines 
to conveyors, general engineering and many others.  
Forged Technologies is a specialist in the forgings business and is among the leading global manufacturers of 
components for engines, undercarriages and construction machinery, supplying customers in the truck, 
automotive and construction machine sectors.  
Order intake and sales: further growth at Bearings and significant recovery in the forgings business  
The order intake in fiscal year 2020/2021 was significantly higher than in fiscal year 2019/2020. The bearings 
business reported further growth in its order intake. In addition to significantly higher demand from the 
construction machinery and general engineering sectors, the market segments crane construction, conveyor 
technology and aerospace components particularly helped to overcome the decline in demand caused by the 
pandemic. Order intake in the wind energy sector was about the same as the previous year. The forgings 
business particularly profited from the recovery in global demand, with demand here stabilizing at a high level 
following the dip caused by the pandemic. This trend was supported by the broader product range in the 
construction machinery sector.  
Sales performance was in line with new orders. Significant sales increases were reported in the bearings 
business. Construction machinery, conveyor technology and medical devices performed especially well, having 
seen their markets decline in the previous year due to the coronavirus pandemic. Sales also rose in the wind 
energy segment, boosted by pull-forward effects before incentive programs in China came to an end in 2020 
and 2021. The crane components and general engineering sectors reported no change compared to fiscal year 
 
52  
Adjusted EBIT for fiscal year ended 30 September 2020 aligned to new definition, see "Comparability of selected financial information 
and financial information incorporated by reference".

--- Page 166 ---
161 
2019/2020, by contrast. The recovery of global demand in the forgings business increased sales growth in all 
application areas.  
Adjusted EBIT significantly up on fiscal year 2019/2020 – mainly due to sales growth and supported by steps to 
increase efficiency 
Adjusted EBIT increased significantly in fiscal year 2020/2021. The bearings business reported significant 
earnings improvements. Rising demand meant that positive contributions were achieved, especially due to 
economies of scale and productivity increases. Implementation of steps to improve competitiveness also 
contributed to boosting the result. In the forgings business the recovery in global demand played a particularly 
important role. The significant earnings improvement was supported by the early cost-cutting measures taken 
in response to the coronavirus pandemic. 
Automotive Technology53 
 
AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY IN FIGURES 
 
 
 
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2020
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2021
Total sales 
million € 
4,090
4,522
EBIT 
million € 
(878)
234
Adjusted EBIT54 
million € 
(166)
264
Employees (Sept. 30) 
  
19,483
19,723
For a definition and reconciliation of the APM presented in the table above, please refer to the section "Selected 
Financial Information" on pages 153 et seqq. of this Prospectus. 
Automotive Technology is a German supplier and engineering partner to the international automotive industry. 
Its product and service portfolio comprises high-tech components and systems along with automation solutions 
for vehicle manufacturing. They include chassis technologies such as steering and damper systems and the 
assembly of axle systems as well as powertrain components for conventional and alternative engines. 
thyssenkrupp also develops assembly systems for body-in-white construction and produce lightweight car body 
components in series.  
Higher demand and sales growth 
Automotive Technology reported a significant increase in order intake and sales in all business units compared 
with fiscal year 2019/2020, which was impacted by the coronavirus pandemic and lockdowns. There was strong 
growth in the automotive serial business for steering systems, camshaft modules and damper systems, with 
higher overall demand in the 1st half and a stable, good business performance in China. Bottlenecks in the 
supply chain became increasingly apparent at the start of the 3rd quarter. The shortage of semiconductor 
products in particular had the effect of reducing customer call-offs, with spontaneous call-off interruptions or 
production stoppages in some cases, which were almost impossible to anticipate. This also affected the 4th 
quarter. Strong demand in China in the first half also slowed due to supply chain problems. On the other hand, 
thyssenkrupp won relevant long-term framework contracts in automotive serial business over the course of the 
fiscal year 2020/2021, which enabled thyssenkrupp to ensure the future capacity utilization of its plants. 
Adjusted EBIT up significantly year-on-year  
Adjusted EBIT for the Automitive Technology segment increased to a three-digit amount, a significant 
improvement following the fiscal year's 2019/2020 loss; the Adjusted EBIT margin in this segment rose to 5.8 % 
in the fiscal year 2020/2021. All business units reported earnings increases. Higher sales volumes with better 
overall capacity utilization had a positive effect, as did a profitable order structure, higher productivity in the new 
plants and lower write-downs. Further positive effects included compensation agreed with a customer and the 
absence of expenses recognized in the prior-year financial statements for additions to order-related provisions, 
quality issues and impairment losses on net working capital. In the 2nd half thyssenkrupp´s challenge was to 
cope with disruptions to the supply chain, such as bottlenecks in the supply of electronic semiconductor and 
other primary products, in addition to higher costs for raw materials, packaging and freight. The restructuring 
 
53  
As part of a strategic alignment certain segments were organizationally repositioned. The presentation and disclosure of the 
corresponding prior periods have been adjusted in line with the aforementioned change. See "Comparability of selected financial 
information and financial information incorporated by reference". 
54  
Adjusted EBIT for fiscal year ended 30 September 2020 aligned to new definition, see "Comparability of selected financial information 
and financial information incorporated by reference".

--- Page 167 ---
162 
program initiated at Automotive Body Solutions (previously System Engineering) was implemented on schedule 
and reduced personnel costs. 
Steel Europe55 
 
STEEL EUROPE IN FIGURES 
 
 
 
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2020
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2021
Total sales 
million € 
7,023
8,932
EBIT 
million € 
(2,492)
(59)
Adjusted EBIT56 
million € 
(820)
116
Employees (Sept. 30) 
  
26,632
26,303
For a definition and reconciliation of the APM presented in the table above, please refer to the section "Selected 
Financial Information" on pages 153 et seqq. of this Prospectus. 
Steel Europe is a steel producer in Germany and concentrates on the market segment of high-quality flat carbon 
steel. Its product portfolio comprises hot-rolled coil, thin sheet, premium strips, coated products, tinplate, 
medium coil and grain-oriented and non-oriented electrical steel in a wide range of grades. The main purchasers 
of the products are the automotive and engineering sectors, the metalworking industry, including the energy 
sector, and the construction industry.  
As part of its transition to climate-neutral steel production thyssenkrupp is planning to put its first hydrogen-
powered direct reduction plant into operation by 2025. Capacities for climate-friendly steel are set to rise to three 
million tons by 2030. This would represent an annual reduction of six million tons of CO2. 
Order intake and sales: market picks up significantly following pandemic-related slump in spring 2020  
From a low base in weak prior quarters due to the pandemic, Steel Europe started the fiscal year 2020/2021 on 
an upward trend. The segment profited from the economic upswing that began at the end of summer 2020 and 
the resulting recovery in demand from the European flat steel market. One key driver of this development was 
the European automotive industry, which successively ramped up its production again after widespread 
shutdowns in spring 2020. Over the remainder of the year its production returned to its pre-pandemic level at 
times. Industrial customers also contributed to the recovery by restocking their inventories of essential products. 
The significant up-tick in overall demand caused spot market prices to rise. Supply bottlenecks increasingly had 
an impact on the business performance of many customer industries over the remainder of fiscal year 
2020/2021. 
Order intake went up significantly in fiscal year 2020/2021. In the first two quarters of the fiscal year 2020/2021 
in particular, orders rose significantly as a result of greater market activity. The first supply bottlenecks became 
apparent at thyssenkrupp´s automotive customers from the 3rd quarter onwards, and they were more cautious 
with their orders as a result. Furthermore, thyssenkrupp´s scope for new orders was limited in the 4th quarter 
for capacity reasons, due to the planned upgrade of blast furnace number 1 in Schwelgern. In total, order 
volumes in fiscal year 2020/2021 rose year-on-year by 15 % to some 11 million tons. In addition, the continuous 
rise in market prices from summer 2020 onwards had an effect on the new contracts negotiated over the course 
of fiscal year 2020/2021.  
Sales increased significantly year-on-year, largely due to higher price agreements with customers. Shipments 
were also up, by 13 % at almost 10 million tons. Following a sharp fall in spring 2020, shipments to the 
automotive industry and its suppliers in particular picked up again strongly. Over the course of the year sales to 
industrial customers went up again also. Deliveries of packaging steel were stable at the same level as the fiscal 
year 2019/2020; this business only saw a slight decline, despite the coronavirus pandemic. The Precision Steel 
business unit reported a significant year-on-year increase in sales. Turnaround was achieved in the Electric Steel 
business unit, mainly as a result of the improvement in product quality and thus in the intrinsic value of the 
product portfolio. This also contributed to the rise in sales. 
Crude steel production, including deliveries from Hüttenwerke Krupp Mannesmann, was about 11 million tons, 
around 13 % higher than in the fiscal year 2019/2020, although output was limited by the planned blast furnace 
 
55  
As part of a strategic alignment certain segments were organizationally repositioned. The presentation and disclosure of the 
corresponding prior periods have been adjusted in line with the aforementioned change. See "Comparability of selected financial 
information and financial information incorporated by reference". 
56  
Adjusted EBIT for fiscal year ended 30 September 2020 aligned to new definition, see "Comparability of selected financial information 
and financial information incorporated by reference".

--- Page 168 ---
163 
number one relining in Schwelgern in the 4th quarter. Some production facilities also experienced temporary 
production restrictions over the course of the year. In addition to technical restrictions, this was also due to 
weather effects. Overall, both production volumes and capacity utilization were significantly higher in fiscal year 
2020/2021 than in fiscal year 2019/2020. Rolled steel production for customers increased by 14 % to around 
10 million tons. 
Adjusted EBIT: significant earnings improvement over the course of the year 
Adjusted EBIT improved significantly in fiscal year 2020/2021. Higher demand and an upwards trend in market 
prices had a positive impact, resulting in a continuous increase in net selling prices compared with fiscal year 
2019/2020. The restructuring initiated in fiscal year 2019/2020 also had a positive effect. This was offset by 
restrictions on production, rising and very volatile raw materials prices and most recently by the planned upgrade 
to the blast furnace number one. 
Marine Systems 
 
MARINE SYSTEMS IN FIGURES 
 
 
 
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2020
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2021
Total sales 
million € 
1,760
2,022
EBIT 
million € 
15
24
Adjusted EBIT57 
million € 
20
26
Employees (Sept. 30) 
  
6,355
6,534
For a definition and reconciliation of the APM presented in the table above, please refer to the section "Selected 
Financial Information" on pages 153 et seqq. of this Prospectus. 
Marine Systems is a global manufacturer of conventional submarines, naval vessels and marine electronics and 
offers its services to navies.  
Order intake dominated by major submarine order – stable sales growth 
The order intake in fiscal year 2020/2021 was significantly higher than in fiscal year 2019/2020. The reason for 
the increase was the order of € 5.5 billion for the joint German/Norwegian project to build six identical submarines 
and an order from the Italian navy for a submarine project. Existing contracts were also extended for submarines 
and surface vessels, with smaller orders received for maintenance and service. In addition, the marine electronics 
business acquired several medium-size orders.  
Sales increased significantly year-on-year. This is a result of the growing order intake and stems from the good 
progress made on projects, final invoicing for the delivery of the third F125 frigate to the German navy in March 
and the handover of four corvettes in total to the Israeli navy in the fiscal year 2020/2021. In the last quarter of 
fiscal year 2020/2021 thyssenkrupp also delivered the fourth submarine to a customer in the Mediterranean and 
submitted the final invoice. 
Adjusted EBIT again up significantly year-on-year 
Adjusted EBIT was higher than in the fiscal year 2019/2020, continuing its positive trend. The order book still 
includes some old orders with poor margins. The performance program will bring an improvement here. At the 
same time, efforts are under way to secure margins on new business and reduce administrative expenses. 
 
57  
Adjusted EBIT for fiscal year ended 30 September 2020 aligned to new definition, see "Comparability of selected financial information 
and financial information incorporated by reference".

--- Page 169 ---
164 
Multi-Tracks58 
 
MULTI-TRACKS IN FIGURES 
 
 
 
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2020
Year ended
Sept. 30, 2021
Total sales 
million € 
5,522
5,651
EBIT 
million € 
(911)
(387)
Adjusted EBIT59 
million € 
(593)
(298)
Employees (Sept. 30) 
  
19,909
18,360
 
For a definition and reconciliation of the APM presented in the table above, please refer to the section "Selected 
Financial Information" on pages 153 et seqq. of this Prospectus. 
The Multi Tracks segment is where thyssenkrupp holds the Elevator investment and businesses for which 
thyssenkrupp is considering other ownership structures in the short to medium term. This may be a full or partial 
disposal, for example, or the continuation of a business with one or more external partners.  
The companies in the Multi Tracks segment come from very different businesses, from plant engineering to 
automotive supplies. In addition to these investments in rather traditional industrial companies, the portfolio 
includes a joint venture in the incipient hydrogen market in which thyssenkrupp holds a majority stake. 
Focus areas in fiscal year 2020/2021 
Two action areas in the thyssenkrupp strategy define the activities in the Multi Tracks segment: portfolio and 
performance.  
• 
Portfolio: the agreement to sell the mining business to the Danish company FLSmidth was signed in 
late July 2021. The signing for the sale of the infrastructure business to FMC Beteiligungs KG took place 
shortly afterwards. The sale of thyssenkrupp Carbon Components to Action Composites GmbH from 
Austria was completed end of August 2021. The contract to sell the stainless steel business (AST, 
including the associated distribution activities) to Arvedi Group was signed mid of September 2021. At 
the end of September 2021 the heavy plate mill in Duisburg was closed. End of November thyssenkrupp 
announced that the sale of its infrastructure business was formally closed. 
• 
Performance: to improve the financial performance thyssenkrupp identified the key levers for value 
creation in every single business in the Multi Tracks segment and used them to define appropriate 
measures. This also includes site closures and downsizing. 
Significantly higher order intake as coronavirus effect diminishes and slight positive trend in sales 
Order intake in the Multi Tracks segment was significantly higher than in fiscal year 2019/2020, which was 
severely impacted by the coronavirus pandemic. This positive trend is particularly due to higher prices and 
volumes in the stainless steel business. Increased demand in plant engineering also helped. thyssenkrupp won 
the contract for a major cement plant in France and the first hydrogen projects alongside others in the chemical 
plant construction business. As expected, the decision to close the heavy plate business had an offsetting effect. 
Sales performance was robust, thanks to the stainless steel business, but other units were mixed. Plant 
engineering was not able to maintain its sales due to the lower order intake in the fiscal year 2019/2020. The 
sales decline in chemical plant construction stemmed mainly from the planned expiry and delays in the execution 
of two major projects. Sales in Automation Engineering were down, largely due to the low order intake in the 
fiscal year 2019/2020. Sales in Springs & Stabilizers performed well as the influence of the coronavirus declined, 
although business volume was affected from the 3rd quarter by the global semiconductor shortage and lower 
customer call-offs as a result. The closure of the heavy plate business reduced sales as planned. 
 
58  
As part of a strategic alignment certain segments were organizationally repositioned. The presentation and disclosure of the 
corresponding prior periods have been adjusted in line with the aforementioned change. See "Comparability of selected financial 
information and financial information incorporated by reference". 
59  
Adjusted EBIT for fiscal year ended 30 September 2020 aligned to new definition, see "Comparability of selected financial information 
and financial information incorporated by reference".

--- Page 170 ---
165 
Significantly lower loss in adjusted EBIT  
Adjusted EBIT remained negative in the fiscal year 2020/2021, but improved year-on-year in almost all 
businesses. 
A reduction of administration and selling expenses in plant engineering and positive earnings performance in the 
service business of the mining and cement businesses were offset by lower sales in new installations. Lower 
costs for reworking and higher positive non-recurring effects contributed to the positive earnings development 
in Mining and Cement. Earnings in chemical plant construction business were impacted by high reworking costs 
and lower sales. 
Earnings in the stainless steel business improved significantly thanks to resurgent demand, the fact that higher 
raw materials costs had already partly been passed on to customers, and inventory measurement effects. The 
closure of heavy plate business and an improved performance in Automation Engineering had a positive effect. 
There was no major change in the results of other businesses. 
Restructuring and cost-cutting measures in Germany reduced losses significantly in almost all units. Wide-
ranging restructuring in plant engineering and Automation Engineering, alongside the closure of the heavy plate 
business and the Springs & Stabilizers plant in Olpe, resulted in the loss of some 2,000 jobs. This was offset by 
recruitment in plant engineering in India and Brazil and at UCE Germany and in Springs & Stabilizers in Hungary. 
On balance this resulted in a reduction of around 1,150 employees. 
Corporate Headquarters at thyssenkrupp AG 
The Group is managed centrally by thyssenkrupp AG. This is where the main administrative units are gathered. 
The administrative units of Corporate (CorpHQs) and the regions are combined in the Corporate Headquarters 
segment. The structure of CorpHQ was further simplified in the fiscal year 2020/2021 and is now also aligned 
with the three core themes: portfolio, performance and people. The previous central functions have been 
allocated to these three corporate centers (CC). Further mergers also took place in the Regions unit. The regional 
centers in India, Asia / Pacific and Middle East & Africa were combined in the regional platform APA 
(Asia/Pacific/Africa). In addition there are still the regional platforms in North and South America and in the 
greater China region.  
Adjusted EBIT at Corporate Headquarters amounted to € (194) million in fiscal year 2020/2021, a significant 
improvement on the prior-year figure. This positive trend is due to lower administrative costs, following 
restructuring in the corporate centers and the regional platforms. 
Technology and innovations 
Innovation strategy 
With its technological expertise thyssenkrupp can make decisive technological contributions to solving the most 
urgent challenges of the future. For this reason the research and development work (R&D) concentrates on 
climate protection and the energy transition, the digital transformation of industry and the future of mobility.  
The global research and development network includes 78 sites with some 3,600 employees. It is augmented 
by collaborations with external partners such as universities, research institutes and other industrial enterprises. 
In fiscal year 2020/2021 thyssenkrupp registered around 1,880 new patents and utility models. As a result 
thyssenkrupp's patent portfolio now contains some 18,100 patents and utility models. The trademark portfolio 
comprises around 9,550 property rights. 
Total spending on research and development at the thyssenkrupp Group came to € 600 million in fiscal year 
2020/2021 (fiscal year 2019/2020: € 681 million), a reduction of 12 %. The adjusted R&D intensity was 2.6 % 
(fiscal year 2019/2020: 3.4 %). The adjusted R&D intensity refers to the R&D costs as a proportion of sales, 
without trading and distribution. The R&D ratio is lower than the corporate target of 3.0 % because R&D expenses 
were lower whereas sales increased. 
In the 2020/2021 fiscal year thyssenkrupp capitalized development costs of € 12 million for the continuing 
operations, compared with € 20 million in fiscal year 2019/2020. The share of capitalized costs in overall R&D 
costs – the capitalization ratio – fell to 5 % from 7 % compared to fiscal year 2019/2020.  
Climate protection and energy transition 
The Institute for Process Metallurgy and Metal Recycling at the RWTH Aachen has examined the concept for one 
central component on the way towards carbon-free steel production and confirmed its technical feasibility. The 
tkH2Steel plan for green steel proposes processing iron ore into direct reduced iron or 'sponge iron' by using 
hydrogen in what is known as a direct reduction plant. In the next process stage it is transformed into liquid pig

--- Page 171 ---
166 
iron in a new type of furnace and prepared for further processing in the smelter. The investigation focused on 
the concept for the furnace, which the scientists rated as technically feasible, scalable and innovative. This 
ensures that the value chain downstream from pig iron production, the established processes this entails and so 
the range of high-quality steel grades available to thyssenkrupp´s customers can continue unchanged. 
As an interim stage on the way to carbon-free steel production thyssenkrupp is working to reduce the carbon 
intensity per ton of steel by around 70 %. This climate-friendly effect is achieved by the use of hot briquetted 
iron (HBI), which is sponge iron that has already been reduced. This means that less coal can be used for the 
reduction process in the blast furnace, which cuts emissions accordingly.  
The Carbon2Chem project has received a grant of € 75 million from the German Federal Ministry of Education 
and Research (Bundesministerium für Bildung und Forschung – "BMBF") for the second project phase. 
Carbon2Chem already received a grant of € 60 million from the BMBF in its first phase. The project aims to 
convert industrial CO2 emissions into valuable chemical substances with the help of hydrogen. In the first project 
phase it was quickly possible to produce ammoniac, methanol and higher alcohols from the process gases from 
steel production for the first time. In the second phase the aim is to prove that the solutions remain stable over 
a long period in the complex interactions between steel production and chemical synthesis, and that the 
Carbon2Chem technology can be immediately scaled up in a multi-industry alliance. In addition, the focus is on 
its applicability to industries other than steel production. So additional sectors considered to be major sources 
of CO2 are to be included in the project – like cement and lime production, as well as waste incineration plants. 
Lastly, the second project phase is intended to get the project ready for the market. 
In the Element One project thyssenkrupp continues to work on expanding the size of electrolyzer modules for the 
production of green hydrogen to 20 megawatts. Hydrogen production is seen as a key technology for the energy 
transition. Research and development work concentrates on the development of the module and the cells, and 
on improving and automating the production and assembly process. Economies of scale and optimization offer 
an opportunity to significantly reduce the costs of hydrogen production. 
thyssenkrupp will supply a water electrolysis plant with a capacity of 20 megawatts to the US customer CF 
Industries. The power for the water electrolysis will come from renewable sources. The hydrogen will be 
converted in the company's existing ammonia plants into 20,000 tons of green ammonia per year. This can be 
used as a highly efficient storage and transport medium for renewable energy and also directly as a climate-
neutral fuel, in shipping for instance. The engineering and sourcing activities have begun and the production 
start is planned for 2023. 
Digital transformation of industry 
In the materials distribution sector among others, the MES platform toii developed by thyssenkrupp helps to 
optimize manufacturing processes. MES stands for Manufacturing Execution System and toii is an application 
from the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT). With the help of this solution, machines and tools from different 
generations and manufacturers can be digitized and networked. The application stands out for the fact that it 
can also extract data from machinery that is not IIoT-ready.  
Planned production orders are fed into toii, which should ensure that they are executed transparently, efficiently 
and on schedule. At the same time the system optimizes the interactions between production and intralogistics 
management, including employees in the loop via the Paperless app. They can view and manage orders at any 
time from a tablet or a smartphone and commission the end products. toii now operates at over 30 sites, has 
connected more than 500 machines and has some 3000 users, including external customers from the German 
medium-sized businesses and the plastics processing industry.  
One current internal example of toii in action is the new thyssenkrupp Schulte logistics center in Rotenburg / 
Wümme. The site is digitally integrated and networked along the entire supply chain. Order execution should be 
digital and paperless so it can be ideally planned and tracked. toii is the centerpiece of the on-site digital 
processes. Networking the machinery enables data to be exchanged directly, without any intermediate manual 
steps. Automation also increases capacity utilization by seamlessly coordinating the modern processing units 
with one another. The data analytics platform "alfred" helps ensure that supply flows are optimally coordinated 
on an ongoing basis. On the basis of intelligent, machine-learning algorithms it permanently analyzes processes 
from delivery and inventory management though to order storage and shipping. 
To further exploit the potential of intelligent data processing, the Materials Services segment of thyssenkrupp is 
involved as part of Gaia-X in the dataroom project Catena-X, which looks at use cases related to mobility. Catena-
X is a pan-European platform for secure and standardized data exchange among all participants in the 
automotive value chain. Catena-X is one of the most advance datarooms in Gaia-X. The objective of Gaia-X is to 
design the next generation data infrastructure in Europe. 
The Automotive Technology segment has opened a center of competencies in Forbach, France, for forward-
looking solutions, new production concepts and applications, also in the field of the Industrial Internet of Things.

--- Page 172 ---
167 
The center of competencies focuses on human-robot collaboration, driverless transportation systems and the 
production of spare parts using 3D printing. Its equipment includes collaborative robots, which in contrast to 
conventional industrial robots do not operate inside safety cages, but hand in hand with people, as well as a 
prototype assembly unit that can be used for training and larger-scale experiments in digitization projects. 
Mobility of the future 
The thyssenkrupp start-up carValoo and TÜV Rheinland have agreed to work together in the field of digital loss 
adjustment for vehicle fleet operators. At the heart of the partnership is a cloud service developed by carValoo. 
It provides fleet managers with detailed information in real-time on the condition of a vehicle, any damage to it 
and its use history. If there is an accident, TÜV Rheinland can work from this analysis and quickly verify the 
background, determine the cost of repairing the damage and offer additional expert services as needed, all in 
one digital process. Driving the cloud service is an artificial intelligence application, which reliably identifies any 
kind of usage or damage pattern from the vehicle's location data. carValoo uses a retrofitted sensor box to 
capture the data, which can be installed in any model of car in just a few minutes. The service can also be 
integrated with the customer's existing hardware. The associated carValoo web app gives fleet managers a real-
time overview of the condition of their vehicle fleet and informs them automatically about any damages. Follow-
up processes such as documentation, appraisal and damage management are also digitized and mostly 
automated via the app. 
One long-term research focus in the automotive business is the ongoing development of highly automated self-
driving vehicles. Starting from existing electric power-assisted steering systems, thyssenkrupp aims to develop 
new steering concepts such as steer-by-wire to production readiness. They work without any continuous 
mechanical connection between the steering wheel and the wheels. Steering commands are transmitted solely 
by electricity. 
Another focus of development work is the intelligent networking of all undercarriage components with the help 
of the integrated control module Vehicle Motion Control. The module will process the signals from the steering, 
brake, damping and powertrain actuators into a coordinated drive strategy. This lays the groundwork for 
controlling vehicle dynamics at all levels of automated driving.  
Principal markets 
The regional breakdown of the Group's sales was largely unchanged. The most important sales market with a 
slightly higher share of around 35 % of sales was once again the German-speaking region (Germany, Austria, 
Switzerland and Liechtenstein). It was followed by Western Europe, which remained at 19 %, and North America, 
which was also at the prior-year level at around 16 %. The greater China region's share of sales was constant at 
around 7 %. 
With a constant share of 30 % of sales, the automotive industry remained the most important customer group, 
with particular significance for automotive components and steel businesses. It was followed by steel and related 
processes, which slightly increased their share of sales. Engineering accounted for a slightly lower share of sales, 
while trading remained at the prior-year level. 
Funding 
thyssenkrupp's financing policy remains unchanged: 
The financing of the Group is handled centrally by thyssenkrupp AG. It is based on a multi-year financial planning 
system and a monthly rolling liquidity planning system covering a planning period of up to a year. The cash 
inflows from thyssenkrupp's operating activities are the main source of liquidity. The cash management systems 
allow Group companies to use surplus funds of other units to cover their liquidity requirements. This reduces the 
volume of external financing and thus interest expense. External financing requirements are covered using 
money and capital market instruments such as bonds, loan notes or commercial papers. thyssenkrupp also 
makes use of committed credit facilities in various currencies and with various terms, as well as selected credit 
substitutes. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Supervisory Board thyssenkrupp AG 
As of the date of this Prospectus the members of the Supervisory Board were (including other directorships held): 
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Siegfried Russwurm, Michelau 
Chairman // President of the Federation of German Industries (BDI) // Consultant  
Appointed until 2023 // German 
• 
Dr. Johannes Heidenhain GmbH

--- Page 173 ---
168 
• 
Voith GmbH & Co. KGaA (Chair) 
Jürgen Kerner, Königsbrunn 
Vice Chairman // Member of the Executive Committee and Treasurer of IG Metall 
Appointed until 2024 // German 
• 
Siemens AG 
• 
Traton SE 
• 
Siemens Energy AG 
• 
MAN Truck & Bus SE 
• 
Premium Aerotec GmbH 
Birgit A. Behrendt, Köln 
Consultant  
Appointed until 2023 // German 
• 
Kion Group AG 
• 
Ford Werke GmbH 
• 
Stulz Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH 
• 
Umicore S.A., Belgium 
• 
Infinium Holdings, Inc., USA 
Stefan Erwin Buchner, Bietigheim-Bissingen 
Former member of the Executive Board of Daimler Truck AG 
Appointed until 2026 // German 
• 
Mosolf SE 
• 
Hörmann Holding 
Dr. Wolfgang Colberg, München 
Consultant 
Appointed until 2023 // German 
• 
Pernod Ricard SA, France 
• 
ChemicaInvest Holding BV, Netherlands (Chair) 
• 
AMSilk GmbH (Chair) 
• 
Efficient Energy GmbH (Chair) 
• 
Burelle SA, France 
• 
Dussur, Riyadh 
• 
Solvay S.A., Belgium 
Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. Ursula Gather, Essen 
Chairwoman of the Board of Trustees of the Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach Foundation 
Appointed until 2023 // German 
• 
Munich Re AG 
• 
NRW.Bank 
Angelika Gifford, Kranzberg  
Vice President EMEA at Meta Platforms, Inc. 
Appointed until 2023 // German 
Dr. Bernhard Günther, Haan 
CFO Fortum Corporation, Espoo (Finland) 
Appointed until 2023 // German 
• 
Uniper SE 
Achim Hass, Schwartbuck 
Power electronics technician // Chairman of the Works Council of thyssenkrupp Marine Systems GmbH (Kiel)  
Chairman of the General Works Council of thyssenkrupp Marine Systems GmbH  
Appointed until 2024 // German 
• 
Babcock Pensionskasse VvaG 
Within the Group: 
• 
thyssenkrupp Marine Systems GmbH 
Friederike Helfer, Altendorf/Switzerland 
Partner at Cevian Capital Limited  
Appointed until 2023 // Austrian

--- Page 174 ---
169 
• 
Vesuvius plc, UK 
Tanja Jacquemin, Frankfurt/Main 
Lecturer for the research and teaching area "Supervisory Boards and Corporate Codetermination" at the 
Academy of Labour  
Appointed until 2024 // German 
Daniela Jansen, Aachen 
Political Secretary to the Executive Board of IG Metall 
Appointed until 2024 // German 
Barbara Kremser-Bruttel, Gelsenkirchen 
Office clerk // Chairwoman of the Works Council of thyssenkrupp Electrical Steel GmbH  
Appointed until 2024 // German 
Within the Group: 
• 
thyssenkrupp Electrical Steel GmbH 
Dr. Ingo Luge, Hannover 
Director and Management Consultant 
Appointed until 2023 // German 
• 
Avacon AG 
• 
E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH  
• 
PreussenElektra GmbH (Chair) 
Tekin Nasikkol, Ratingen 
Bachelor of Arts (Business Administration) // Chairman of the Works Council and Chairman of the General 
Works Council of thyssenkrupp Steel Europe AG 
Appointed until 2024 // German 
• 
Novitas BKK Pflegekasse 
Within the Group: 
• 
thyssenkrupp Steel Europe AG 
Peter Remmler, Wolfsburg 
Wholesale and export trader // Vice Chairman of the Works Council of thyssenkrupp Schulte GmbH 
(Braunschweig) // Chairman of the Works Council Union Materials Services 
Appointed until 2024 // German 
Within the Group: 
• 
thyssenkrupp Materials Services GmbH 
Dirk Sievers, Bochum 
Technical Officer // Chairman of the Works Council of thyssenkrupp Steel Europe AG / Electrical Steel 
(Bochum) // Chairman of the Group Works Council of thyssenkrupp AG 
Appointed until 2024 // German 
• 
PEAG Holding GmbH 
Dr. Verena Volpert, Lennestadt 
Tax consultant 
Appointed until 2024// German 
• 
Vibracoustic AG 
• 
Enerjisa Enerji A.S., Turkey 
• 
Enerjisa Üretim Santralleri A.S., Turkey 
Friedrich Weber, Schöndorf 
Machine setter // Chairman of the General Works Council of thyssenkrupp Bilstein GmbH  
Chairman of the Works Council Union Components Technology // Vice Chairman of the European Works 
Council of thyssenkrupp AG // Vice Chairman of the Group Works Council of thyssenkrupp AG 
Appointed until 2024 // German 
Isolde Würz, Mühlheim a. d. Ruhr 
Attorney // Corporate Lawyer at thyssenkrupp group function Legal & Compliance // Chairwoman of the 
Executives' Committee of thyssenkrupp AG and executive member of the Group Executives' Committee 
Appointed until 2024 // German

--- Page 175 ---
170 
Executive Board thyssenkrupp AG 
As of the date of this Prospectus the members of the Executive Board were (including other directorships held): 
Martina Merz 
Chairwoman  
Appointed until March 2023 // German 
• 
SAF-Holland SE, Bessenbach (Deputy Chair) 
• 
AB Volvo, Sweden  
Within the Group: 
• 
thyssenkrupp (China) Ltd., PR China (Chair) 
Oliver Burkhard 
Appointed until September 2023 // German 
• 
PEAG Holding GmbH (Chair) 
Within the Group: 
• 
thyssenkrupp Marine Systems GmbH (Chair) 
• 
thyssenkrupp Steel Europe AG 
Dr. Klaus Keysberg 
Appointed until July 2024 // German 
Within the Group: 
• 
thyssenkrupp Materials Services GmbH (Chair) 
• 
thyssenkrupp Steel Europe AG (Chair) 
• 
thyssenkrupp NA Holding Corp., USA (Chair) 
• 
thyssenkrupp North America, LLC., USA (Chair) 
The current members of Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of the Issuer can be contacted at the 
headquarters of the Issuer, thyssenkrupp Allee 1, 45143 Essen, Germany. 
Conflicts of interest 
As at date of this Prospectus, the above-mentioned members of the Corporate bodies of thyssenkrupp AG do 
not have potential conflicts of interest between any duties to thyssenkrupp and their private interests or other 
duties. 
Major shareholders 
Based on the disclosures of voting rights in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz, WpHG), the Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach Foundation, Essen, Germany, 
currently holds more than 20 % of the voting rights in thyssenkrupp AG, Cevian Capital II GP Limited, St. Helier, 
Jersey, Channel Islands, Harris Associates L.P., Wilmington, as well as Harris Associates Investment Trust more 
than 5 %, Norges Bank, Oslo, Norway, more than 3 %. 
Rating 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") 60 , 61  has assigned the long-term credit rating BB-, Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's")62,61 has assigned the long-term credit rating B1 and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch")63,61 has assigned the long-term credit rating BB- to thyssenkrupp AG.64 
On 1 March 2021 Fitch affirmed thyssenkrupp AG's rating at BB- (stable). On 9 December 2021 Moody's raised 
the outlook for thyssenkrupp AG's B1 rating from "stable" to "positive" following thyssenkrupp's strengthened 
 
60 
S&P is established in the European Union and is registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from time to time (the "CRA Regulation"). 
61 
The European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five 
working days following the adoption of a decision under articles 16, 17 or 20 of the CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall 
publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
62 
Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered pursuant to the CRA Regulation. 
63 
Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered pursuant to the CRA Regulation. 
64 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity being able 
to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.

--- Page 176 ---
171 
operating performance in the financial year ended September 2021. A few days later, on 13 December 2021 
S&P also changed the outlook for its BB- rating for thyssenkrupp AG from "negative" to "stable" to reflect 
stronger-than-expected operating performance during fiscal year 2020/2021 and its expectation of further 
improvement during the fiscal year 2021/2022. 
For the purpose of S&P ratings, BB means "less vulnerable to nonpayment than other speculative issues. 
However, it faces major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial, or economic conditions 
that could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation". Ratings 
by S&P from "AA" to "CCC" may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative 
standing within the major rating categories. 
For the purpose of Moody's ratings, "obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit 
risk". Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through 
Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 
2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. 
For the purpose of Fitch ratings, BB indicates "an elevated vulnerability to default risk, particularly in the event 
of adverse changes in business or economic conditions over time; however, business or financial flexibility exists 
that supports the servicing of financial commitments". The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating by 
Fitch from "AA" to "CCC" to denote relative status within major rating categories. 
Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position and profit and losses 
The audited Group Financial Statements as of and for the fiscal years ended 30 September 2020 and as of and 
for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2021 of thyssenkrupp AG are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Legal and arbitration actions and official investigations and proceedings as well as claims have been filed against 
thyssenkrupp companies or may be initiated or filed in the future. Disputes in connection with the disposal or 
acquisition of companies or company units may lead to a partial repayment of the purchase price or to the 
payment of damages or tax charges. Claims result or may result from various contracts such as construction, 
plant engineering, supply and service agreements raised by contractual partners, customers, consortium 
partners and subcontractors. 
There are, however, no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware of) which may have had or have had 
in the twelve months preceding the date of this document a material effect on the financial position of 
thyssenkrupp other than the following cases: 
In connection with the majority interest previously held by the Industrial Solutions segment in the Greek shipyard 
Hellenic Shipyards (HSY) and the construction of submarines for the Greek Navy, the Greek government has filed 
legal and arbitrational actions to claim compensation of – not yet fully substantiated – € 2.2 billion from 
thyssenkrupp Industrial Solutions AG and thyssenkrupp Marine Systems GmbH as well as from HSY and its 
current majority shareholder. To date the Greek government has only concretised claims relating exclusively to 
its contract with HSY. 
In 2012 the company SysCo filed a lawsuit in the High Court of Sindh at Karachi in Pakistan against thyssenkrupp 
Marine Systems GmbH, Atlas Elektronik GmbH and seven other defendants from the thyssenkrupp Group for 
payment of € 139 million. SysCo is asserting contractual claims and damages arising from an unsuccessfully 
completed distribution project. For procedural reasons, the court dismissed two of the other defendants from the 
proceedings in 2014. A hearing in the matter has not yet taken place, as the plaintiff has not pursued the case 
since 2014. 
The Republic of Korea is claiming damages in the amount of € 201 million from thyssenkrupp Marine Systems 
GmbH in arbitration proceedings before the ICC for delayed delivery of submarines built by Korean shipyards 
using material packages from thyssenkrupp Marine Systems and supplied to the Republic of Korea. As the 
material packages were delivered to the shipyards on time, thyssenkrupp Marine Systems believes responsibility 
lies with the Korean shipyards, which were under a construction and delivery obligation to the Republic of Korea 
under their own bilateral contracts. The Republic of Korea is asserting claims against the shipyards in separate 
proceedings. 
Al-Jafr Trading Contracting Company, co-shareholder of a company in Saudi Arabia, is claiming damages of 
€ 70 million from thyssenkrupp Industrial Solutions AG for infringement of shareholder rights.

--- Page 177 ---
172 
The transmission grid operator Amprion GmbH has filed an action by stages against thyssenkrupp Steel Europe 
AG for information and payment of EEG surcharges and interest for the calendar years 2016 to 2019 in 
connection with the self-supply of electricity by individual operations of the company. In a court case relating to 
a similar matter, Amprion GmbH has filed an action by stages against Hüttenwerke Krupp Mannesmann GmbH 
(HKM) for information and payment of EEG surcharges and interest for the calendar years 2014 to 2019 and 
served thyssenkrupp Steel Europe GmbH with a third-party notice. Under a contractual agreement, thyssenkrupp 
Steel Europe AG is liable to recourse should Amprion's action against HKM (included in the Group financial 
statements on a pro-rata basis) succeed. With reference to IAS 37.92, thyssenkrupp does not provide any further 
information on this contingency as the extent of the dispute has yet to be clarified in the legal proceedings and 
there is no supreme court ruling on the underlying EEG legal issue.  
Significant change in thyssenkrupp's financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the thyssenkrupp Group since 
30 September 2021. 
Trend Information 
Material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the thyssenkrupp AG since 30 September 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the thyssenkrupp Group since 
30 September 2021, the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published. 
Outlook 
Global economic growth forecasts are, however, very uncertain due to the lack of clarity about the development 
of the coronavirus pandemic, especially the development of vaccination rates, new virus mutations and renewed 
lockdowns. In addition, there are numerous geopolitical uncertainties. It is still unclear what course will be taken 
by the current trade conflicts and many global crises such as Afghanistan. Other factors are the ongoing 
bottlenecks in the supply of industrial inputs, which hold back growth even more. The recurrent floods and natural 
catastrophes resulting from climate change are also a significant growth risk. Further risk factors are a sharper 
slowdown in the Chinese economy in the mid-term and a possible further increase in China's bid for self-
sufficiency. There are also risks in the financial area in general due to mushrooming debt in recent years in 
numerous industrialized countries and also many emerging economies. This situation could be exacerbated 
through the numerous government support measures to mitigate the consequences of the pandemic. Other risks 
come from the significant rise in energy, material and commodity costs and the related fears of inflation, 
especially if central banks are slow to react, and the uncertainty caused by volatile exchange rates. 
Additional information 
Capital stock 
As of 30 September 2021, the capital stock (which is fully paid up) of thyssenkrupp AG amounted to 
€ 1,593,681,256.96, divided into 622,531,741 no-par-value bearer shares of common stock, all of which are 
issued, and outstanding. Each share of common stock has a stated value of € 2.56. 
Treasury stock 
Currently thyssenkrupp holds no treasury shares. 
Memorandum and articles of association 
thyssenkrupp AG is registered in the commercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Essen under 
HRB 15364 and of Duisburg local court (Amtsgericht) under HRB 9092. 
Article 2 of thyssenkrupp AG's articles of association, which sets forth the object of thyssenkrupp AG, reads in 
English translation as follows:

--- Page 178 ---
173 
"Art. 2 
Object of the Company 
(1) The Company manages a group of enterprises whose fields of business include (without being limited 
thereto): 
(a) production, processing, sale, recycling and disposal of carbon and stainless steel, other steel and other 
materials, as well as recovery and extraction of raw materials; 
(b) development, design, manufacture and sale of machinery, mechanical plant, components, systems and 
equipment; 
(c) development, design, manufacture and sale of parts, components and systems for the vehicle industry; 
(d) development, design, construction and operation of industrial plants and facilities of all types; 
(e) trading, logistics, transport and other services in particular in the aforesaid fields of business and in the area 
of communications; 
(f) acquisition, sale, development and management of real estate. 
The management includes the allocation of segment headquarters and subsidiaries, the establishment, 
acquisition and sale of other enterprises, groups of enterprises and investments, and the acquisition of equity 
interest in other enterprises. 
(2) The Company is entitled to take any measures and actions connected with the object of the Company or 
conducive to serving its purposes. It may also directly engage in the fields of business stated in par. (1). In the 
case of certain majority-held subsidiaries, the Company may confine its activities to the administration of its 
investments." 
Material contracts 
There are no contracts of which thyssenkrupp is aware to the best of its knowledge and which it did not enter in 
the ordinary course of thyssenkrupp's business and which had in the recent past (at least during the twelve 
months preceding the date of this documentation) or may have in the future a material effect on thyssenkrupp 
AG's ability to meet its obligations to the noteholders under the Notes other than the following: 
The commitment to enter into investment projects amounts to € 1,041 million (fiscal year 2019/2020: € 821 
million) as of 30 September 2021 and relates mainly to property, plant and equipment of Steel Europe. 
Other financial commitments exist in the amount of € 1,555 million (fiscal year 2019/2020: € 1,771 million), 
primarily from the purchasing commitments resulting from the Group's long term electricity and gas supply 
contracts. Furthermore, other financial obligations in 2020/2021 include obligations of € 10 million (fiscal year 
2019/2020: € 22 million) from leases for which no right-of-use or lease liability has yet been recognized in 
accordance with IFRS 16. In addition, at Steel Europe long term iron ore and iron ore pellets supply contracts 
exist which will result in purchasing commitments up to 31 March 2024. Due to the high volatility of iron ore 
prices, the measurement of the complete purchasing commitments is based on the iron ore price as of the 
current balance sheet date resulting in purchasing commitments of € 2,584 million (fiscal year 2019/2020: € 967 
million). 
Based on the risk bearing ability of the Group or the Group companies, there exist adequate deductibles in the 
various classes of insurance. One or more damages at these units could impact the Group's net assets, financial 
position and results of operations.

--- Page 179 ---
174 
Risk strategy and risk policy 
thyssenkrupp´s risk strategy is focused on securing the existence of the company long-term and sustainably 
increasing the value of the company. The precondition for thyssenkrupp to be successful as a company is 
identifying and evaluating the risks and ensuring that all employees manage them optimally. Risks threatening 
the company's ability to continue as a going concern must be avoided.  
In its Governance, Risk and Compliance Policy ("GRC Policy") thyssenkrupp defines basic principles for corporate 
governance and risk management and also describes the Group's universally applicable principles of risk policy 
framework for meeting the requirements of proper, consistent and proactive risk management. The principles 
are based on the thyssenkrupp mission statement and the strategic goals for the various business models; they 
serve as guidelines for professional and responsible risk management. Further aims of risk management at 
thyssenkrupp are to increase risk awareness and establish a value-based risk culture at all corporate levels. For 
this, it is important to analyze risks and opportunities in the Group transparently and to systematically incorporate 
them into business decisions. 
Risk management process 
thyssenkrupp continuously enhances its risk management system, aligns it with the internationally recognized 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") model and integrates it with an 
internal control system and other management systems. Individual responsibilities in the risk management 
process are clearly defined in the GRC Policy. Details can be found in the corporate governance statement. All 
other requirements for the risk management process are defined in a binding Group regulation on risk 
management. 
The efficient design of various risk management tools ensures that the sub-processes are integrated in a 
continuous risk management loop and all risk managers are involved appropriately in the risk management 
process. Methods and tools to identify, assess, control and report risks are implemented throughout the Group 
and thyssenkrupp continually develops them when new requirements arise. The organizational anchoring of 
corporate risk management in controlling facilitates holistic risk management integrated with planning and 
reporting processes. thyssenkrupp´s main focus in using the risk management tools is to ensure that possible 
deviations in the key performance indicators adjusted EBIT and free cash flow before M&A are assessed 
realistically.  
The opportunities and risks not included in the updated monthly projections or in the budget are part of standard 
segment reporting. Regular discussion of opportunities and risks in established controlling talks, which include 
the CFO, makes an important contribution to integrated business management during the year and to corporate 
planning by highlighting bands for the key performance indicators adjusted EBIT and free cash flow before M&A 
related to the current and the subsequent fiscal year. 
As part of the planning process and on an ad hoc basis thyssenkrupp also analyzes macroeconomic 
concentration risks taking into account centrally defined risk premises. These groupwide risk scenarios mainly 
address slumps in major economies and other exogenous shocks and their impacts on thyssenkrupp. 
All consolidated companies worldwide use a standardized IT risk management application for structured 
documentation of risks and to prepare risk maps. The assessment period used for the risk map goes beyond the 
period covered by the forecast and covers the entire three-year operational planning period; this provides multi-
year transparency in the local risk assessments. The regular reporting and updating of risks at local level also 
ensures that risk awareness remains high throughout the Group. 
Risks already recognized through provisions in the statement of financial provisions are also the subject of 
standardized analyses and risk reporting, ensuring systematic control of these risks too. 
Ad hoc risks are communicated immediately to the risk management officers and are also documented via the 
established reporting channels.  
The standardized risk management processes ensure that the Executive Board and Supervisory Board are 
informed promptly and in a structured way about the Group's current risk situation. However, despite 
comprehensive risk analysis, the occurrence of risks cannot be entirely ruled out.

--- Page 180 ---
175 
Risk transfer  
Risk transfer to insurers is handled centrally at thyssenkrupp AG. The scope and design of insurance cover are 
determined on the basis of structured risk assessments in which insurable risks in the Group of companies are 
identified, evaluated and reduced or eliminated through specific protection plans. A balanced insurer portfolio 
ensures risks are spread appropriately across the insurance market. 
Binding standards are in place for all companies in the Group to ensure risk prevention always stays at an 
appropriately high level. These standards are developed by experts from all areas of the Group under the 
leadership of thyssenkrupp AG and are updated as required. Internal and external auditors regularly check 
compliance with these standards. 
Documents Available 
During the validity period of this Prospectus the articles of association (Satzung) of thyssenkrupp AG (or copies 
thereof) may be inspected at the headquarters of thyssenkrupp AG at thyssenkrupp Allee 1, 45143 Essen and 
are also available on https://www.thyssenkrupp.com/en/company/management/corporate-governance/articles-
of-association-and-rules-of-procedure.html. 
The Issuer intends to develop and adopt a Green Finance Framework to determine eligible green projects and/or 
sustainability performance targets. Once this Green Finance Framework is available, it will be published on the 
website of the Issuer along with any Green Evaluation once available. 
Recent Events  
thyssenkrupp is in the midst of the corporate transformation adopted in May 2019, which was further concretized 
in May 2020. The aim is to realign thyssenkrupp as a sustainable and high-performing Group of companies with 
a lean management model and clearly structured portfolio. In terms of portfolio there will be businesses whose 
potential thyssenkrupp will develop on its own or together with partners, and other businesses for which 
thyssenkrupp will primarily pursue development paths outside the Group. 
For detailed information, please refer to the section "Principal Activities" on pages 158 et seq. of this Prospectus.

--- Page 181 ---
176 
TAXATION 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN NOTES AND THE ISSUER'S 
COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF 
ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN GERMANY, THE NETHERLANDS, THE 
GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG, THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE 
RESIDENTS OR OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO TAXATION.

--- Page 182 ---
177 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Dealers have, in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated on or about the date of this Prospectus 
(the "Dealer Agreement") agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it will comply to the best of its knowledge with all 
applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes the Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that to the best of its knowledge, other than with respect to the admission of the 
Notes to listing, trading and/or quotation by the relevant listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems, no action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer that would permit a public offering 
of the Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the Final Terms. 
United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or 
sell, any Note constituting part of its allotment within the United States except in accordance with Rule 903 
of Regulation S. Accordingly, each Dealer has further represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, 
its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling 
efforts with respect to any Note. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
(b) From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make the 
representation set forth in article 4(1) (m) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer has severally 
(i) acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) represented, 
warranted and undertaken that it has not offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S; 
and accordingly (iii) further represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, its affiliates nor any 
persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts in the United 
States with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will 
have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially 
the following effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of Regulation S under the Securities Act (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the

--- Page 183 ---
178 
offering and the closing date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
(c) With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not entered 
and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except 
with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(d) Notes, other than Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance with the 
provisions of U.S. Treas.Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or in accordance with the provisions of 
U.S. Treas.Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"), as specified in the Final Terms. 
In addition, where the C Rules are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche of Notes, 
Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their 
original issuance. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it, in connection with the 
original issuance of Notes has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken in connection with the original issuance of Notes, 
that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser 
if either such Dealer or such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise 
involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and undertaken that: 
(i) except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted 
period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a 
United States person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver within the United States 
or its possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such Notes may 
not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale, 
in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own account, it will only 
do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas.Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(iv) with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or selling 
such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the representations 
and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees 
that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the purchaser of the Notes and the Issuer the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. 
Terms used in this paragraph (d) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
(e) Each issue of commodity- or currency-linked Notes shall be subject to such additional U. S. selling restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issue and purchase of such Notes, which 
additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the Final Terms. Each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that it shall offer, sell and deliver such Notes only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 184 ---
179 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(c) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as 
amended or superseded (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; and

--- Page 185 ---
180 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer" ), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is 
to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(c) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly 
or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed

--- Page 186 ---
181 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee of which is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of which is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
section 275(1A) of the SFA, or section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) as specified in section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
This Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The Notes 
may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 187 ---
182 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of thyssenkrupp AG 
and its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for thyssenkrupp 
AG and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Authorization 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes was duly authorized by resolutions of the 
Management Board of thyssenkrupp AG dated 6 May and 1 July 2002. An increase in the Programme amount 
from € 3,000,000,000 to currently € 10,000,000,000 was duly authorized by a resolution of the Management 
Board of thyssenkrupp AG dated 2 March 2009. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Notes by thyssenkrupp AG will be used for general financing 
purposes of the thyssenkrupp Group. If in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Method to determine the yield 
The method to determine the yield is the ICMA method. The ICMA method determines the effective interest rate 
of the fixed rate Instruments taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of the Notes 
Application has been made to list Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes 
to trading on the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg". 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF"), 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"). The appropriate 
German securities number (WKN) (if any), Common Code, ISIN, Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI) 
(if any) and Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) (if any) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by CBF, CBL 
and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 188 ---
183 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The specified pages of the following documents are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
Prospectus: 
thyssenkrupp AG 
Audited Group Financial Statements 
as of and for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2021 
Extracted from the thyssenkrupp AG Group  
Annual Report 2020/2021 
– thyssenkrupp group - statement of financial position 
– page 156 to page 157 
– thyssenkrupp group - statement of income 
– page 158 
– thyssenkrupp group - statement of comprehensive income 
– page 159 to page 160 
– thyssenkrupp group - statement of changes in equity 
– page 161 to page 162 
– thyssenkrupp group - statement of cash flows 
– page 163 to page 164 
– thyssenkrupp group - notes to the financial statements 
– page 165 to page 254 
– Independent Auditor's Report 
– page 255 to page 263  
The thyssenkrupp AG Group Annual Report 2020/2021 can be found on the following website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/109e9466c175104cbebabd44d044c3b1aa 
thyssenkrupp AG 
Audited Group Financial Statements 
as of and for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2020 
Extracted from the thyssenkrupp AG Group  
Annual Report 2019/2020 
– thyssenkrupp group - statement of financial position 
– page 150 to page 151 
– thyssenkrupp group - statement of income 
– page 152 
– thyssenkrupp group - statement of comprehensive income 
– page 153 to page 154 
– thyssenkrupp group - statement of changes in equity 
– page 155 to page 156 
– thyssenkrupp group - statement of cash flows 
– page 157 to page 158 
– thyssenkrupp group - notes to the financial statements 
– page 159 to page 249 
– Independent Auditor's Report 
– page 250 to page 257  
The thyssenkrupp AG Group Annual Report 2019/2020 can be found on the following website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10e52d193ab60f4c20b948f7b88f3cfa01 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus but contained in one of the documents 
mentioned as source documents in the cross reference list above is either not relevant for the investor or covered 
in another part of this Prospectus. 
Availability of Documents 
Any document incorporated herein by reference will be available for inspection at the specified offices of 
thyssenkrupp AG during normal business hours. The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom 
a copy of this Prospectus has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy of any or all of the 
documents incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such documents should be directed to 
thyssenkrupp AG at its office set out at the end of this Prospectus.

--- Page 189 ---
THE ISSUER 
thyssenkrupp AG 
thyssenkrupp Allee 1 
45143 Essen 
Germany 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Bayerische Landesbank 
Brienner Strasse 18 
80333 München 
Germany 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 München 
Germany 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Dealers 
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Friedrich-List-Straße 20 
45128 Essen 
Germany