--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
of 
TIMBERLAND SECURITIES INVESTMENT PLC 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of Malta) 
for the Issuance of 
Luxembourg Fixed Rate Bearer Notes, Luxembourg Fixed Rate Registered Notes, Maltese Fixed Rate 
Registered Notes and German Fixed Rate Bearer Notes  
dated 
29 April 2022 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes (as defined 
below) that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for the issuance of Luxembourg fixed rate bearer notes, Luxembourg 
fixed rate registered notes, Maltese fixed rate registered notes and German fixed rate bearer notes (together the 
Notes) issued from time to time by Timberland Securities Investment plc (the Issuer). 
The purpose of this Base Prospectus is the offer to the public and/or the admission to trading of the Notes 
described herein. This Base Prospectus is to be read together with the information provided in (a) the 
supplements to this Base Prospectus, if any (the Supplements), (b) all other documents whose information is 
incorporated herein by reference (see section "Documents incorporated by reference" below) as well as (c) the 
respective Final Terms (the Final Terms). 
Information on how to use this Base Prospectus is set out on page 5 et seq. and a table of contents is set 
out on page 14 et seq. 
Application may be made for the Notes to the Vienna Stock Exchange and/or the Malta Stock Exchange or 
any other stock exchange for the Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing and to 
trading on their multilateral trading facilities (MTF) within the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending 
Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (MiFID II). In addition, application may be made to list 
Notes on any regulated market which qualifies as "regulated market" within the meaning of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for the Notes to be listed on one or more markets and organised trading facilities 
(OTF), which may be regulated or unregulated. For the avoidance of doubt, "markets" and "OTF" is not limited 
to EU-/EWR markets and/or EU-/EWR OTF and includes any non-EU/EWR market(s) and/or OTF such as, 
but not limited to, at the SIX Swiss Exchange AG. The Notes are subject to, and governed by, its relevant 
terms and conditions (the Terms and Conditions) fully described in the section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes". Unless the Notes have been redeemed early or purchased and cancelled in accordance 
with the relevant Terms and Conditions, the Issuer will redeem each Note on the Maturity Date specified in

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
the relevant Terms and Conditions by paying the relevant redemption amount (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions) to the relevant holder of such Note. 
The Issuer may request the Central Bank in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to provide 
the competent authorities in the Republic of Austria, the Kingdom of Belgium, the Republic of Bulgaria, the 
Republic of Croatia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Republic of 
Finland, the French Republic, the Hellenic Republic, Hungary, the Italian Republic, the Republic of Malta, the 
Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Poland, the Portuguese Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic, the 
Republic of Slovenia, the Kingdom of Spain and the Kingdom of Sweden (and together with the Republic of 
Ireland collectively, the Public Offer Jurisdictions and each, a Public Offer Jurisdiction) with a certificate 
of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The publication of the Base Prospectus will be made at least one working day prior to the commencement of 
an offer to the public of the Notes in the relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction. 
Any person intending to acquire or acquiring any securities (each an Investor) from any person distributing 
or selling the Notes (each an Offeror) should be aware that, in the context of an offer to the public as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may be responsible to the Investor for the contents of the Base 
Prospectus only if the Issuer is acting in association with that Offeror to make the offer to the Investor. Each 
Investor should therefore verify with the Offeror whether or not the Offeror is acting in association with the 
Issuer. If the Offeror is not acting in association with the Issuer, the Investor should check with the Offeror 
whether anyone is responsible for the Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as implemented by the national legislation of each European Economic Area (EEA) member state 
in the context of an offer of securities to the public, and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt 
about whether it can rely on the Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, it should take legal 
advice. 
The Issuer has authorised the making of a public offer of the Notes by Timberland Invest Ltd., Timberland 
Capital Management GmbH, Timberland Finance International GmbH & Co KG, Timberland Finance 
International GmbH & Co KG, Branch Hungary and Timberland Finance GmbH & Co KG, Branch Hungary, 
as applicable, (each a Distribution Agent and collectively, the Distribution Agents) in the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions during the offer period and the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any 
other person authorised by the Distribution Agents in connection with any public offer of Notes (under which 
the offer of the Notes takes place) and the applicable Final Terms in connection with a subsequent resale or 
final placement of the Notes to the extent and the conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms during the term of its validity in accordance with Article 12 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Information on the terms and conditions of the offer of Notes by the Distribution Agent is to be provided 
at the time of the offer by the Distribution Agent. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be complex. An investment in the Notes is suitable only for 
investors who are in a position to evaluate the risks and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear 
any losses which may result from such investment. Before subscribing to or otherwise acquiring any 
Notes, prospective investors should specifically ensure that they understand the structure of, and the 
risk inherent to, the Notes and should specifically consider the risk factors set out in the section "Risk 
Factors" below. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and, to the best of its 
knowledge the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the offering of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the European Economic Area", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 
2011/61/EU (MiFiD II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 9 December 2002 on insurance mediation, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in Point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. If the relevant Final Terms include the above-
mentioned legend, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II (as 
amended is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer 
nor the dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
Neither this Base Prospectus or its delivery nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering, 
sale or delivery of the Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, or (b) should 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, or the recipient of 
any other information supplied in connection with the offering, sale, or delivery of the Notes, should purchase 
any Notes. Each investor contemplating acquiring any Notes should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. Save for the 
approval of the Base Prospectus by the Central Bank and save as described herein, neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes constitutes an offer or invitation 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to any person to subscribe to, or otherwise acquire, any Notes. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Neither the delivery of the Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of the Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the 
Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW 
REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS. FOR A FURTHER 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON THE OFFERING AND SALE OF THE NOTES AND 
ON DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT, SEE SECTION "SELLING RESTRICTIONS".

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale or delivery of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that the 
Notes may be lawfully offered or sold, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which is 
intended to permit an offering to the public or sale of the Notes or the distribution of this Base Prospectus in 
any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States of America (United States) and the 
European Economic Area including the Public Offer Jurisdictions (see section "Selling Restrictions"). 
Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part 
of the Base Prospectus. 
Supplements (if any) to this Base Prospectus will be approved by the Central Bank and published in accordance 
with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date hereof. The obligation to 
supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
HOW TO USE THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
INTRODUCTION – WHO IS THE ISSUER? 
The Notes will be issued by the Issuer – Timberland Securities Investment plc. The payment of amounts due 
under the Notes is subject to the Issuer's financial position and its ability to meet its obligations. 
TYPES OF NOTES 
This Base Prospectus provides information about the following Notes that may be issued in connection with 
the Base Prospectus. 
The following types of Notes can be issued under the Base Prospectus: 
i. 
Luxembourg fixed rate bearer notes; 
ii. 
Luxembourg fixed rate registered notes; 
iii. 
Maltese fixed rate registered notes; and 
iv. 
German fixed rate bearer notes. 
WHAT OTHER DOCUMENTS DO I NEED TO READ? 
This Base Prospectus contains all information which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
decision regarding the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes. Some 
of this information is incorporated by reference and some of this information is completed in an issue-specific 
document called the Final Terms. Prospective investors should read the documents incorporated by reference, 
as well as the Final Terms in respect of such Notes, together with this Base Prospectus. 
WHAT INFORMATION IS INCLUDED IN THE FINAL TERMS? 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Notes, the Final Terms is the document that 
sets out the specific details of each particular issuance of Notes. For example, the Final Terms will contain: 
i. 
a reference to the terms and conditions that are applicable to the particular issuance of Notes; 
ii. 
the issue date; 
iii. 
the scheduled redemption; and 
iv. 
any other information needed to complete the terms included in this Base Prospectus for the particular 
Notes (identified by, e. g., the words 'as specified in the relevant Final Terms' or other equivalent 
wording). 
Wherever the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide optional provisions, the Final Terms will specify 
which of those provisions apply to a specific issuance of Notes. 
ROADMAP FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
This Base Prospectus is split up into a number of parts and further divided into sections, each of which is 
briefly described below.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
General Information: 
Section "RISK FACTORS" provides details of the principal risks associated with the 
Issuer. 
p. 19 et 
seq. 
Section "DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE" provides details of 
the documents incorporated by reference which form part of this Base Prospectus. 
p. 41 
Section "USE OF PROCEEDS" provides details of what the Issuer intends to do with 
the subscription monies it receives for the Notes it issues. 
p. 42 
Section "DESCRIPTION OF THE PARTIES" provides and overview on the Issuer, 
inter alia on its corporate legal structure and its financial position, and a description of 
the several other parties providing services in connection with each issue of Notes. 
p. 147 et 
seq. 
Section "TAXATION" provides a mandatory warning notice with respect to tax 
legislation applicable in the Public Offer Jurisdictions. 
p. 161 
Section "GENERAL INFORMATION" provides additional, general disclosure in 
relation to the issuances under the Base Prospectus and the Issuer not included in other 
sections of the Base Prospectus. 
p. 167 et 
seq. 
Special Information relating to the Notes: 
Section "RISK FACTORS" provides details of the principal risks associated with the 
the Notes. 
p. 32 et 
seq. 
Section "SUBSCRIPTION FOR NOTES" sets out details of the arrangements between 
the Issuer and the certain financial service providers as to the offer and sale of Notes. 
p. 43 et 
seq. 
Section "DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES" provides details of how an investment in 
the Notes works and a description of the instruments the Issuer may issue under the Base 
Prospectus. 
p. 45 et 
seq. 
Section "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" sets out the terms and 
conditions which govern the Notes. 
p. 49 et 
seq. 
Section "NOTEHOLDER MEETING PROVISIONS" sets out the provisions which, 
in case applicable, for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests. 
p. 125 et 
seq. 
Section "FORM OF FINAL TERMS" sets out the template of the Final Terms, a 
document which will be filled out for each issue of Notes and which will complete the 
Terms and Conditions in respect of each such issue of Notes. 
p. 132 et 
seq. 
Section "SELLING RESTRICTIONS" sets out certain selling restrictions that apply to 
the Notes. 
p. 162 et 
seq. 
Section "OFFER TO THE PUBLIC" provides for additional, general information in 
relation to each issuance of Notes under the Base Prospectus not included in other 
sections of the Base Prospectus. 
p. 164 et 
seq.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer, Timberland Securities Investment plc, having its registered office at Aragon House, St. George's 
Park, St. Julian's STJ 3140, Malta, accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Issuer states, that 
a) 
the Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
b) 
the Central Bank has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
c) 
such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of final terms according to this Base 
Prospectus; 
d) 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Issuer is not required by law to update the Base Prospectus subsequent to the date hereof, except in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, which stipulates that every significant new factor, 
material mistake, or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in a prospectus which may affect 
the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when the Base Prospectus is 
approved and the closing of the relevant offer period or the time when trading on a regulated market begins, 
whichever occurs later, shall be mentioned in a supplement to the prospectus without undue delay. 
Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus is brought before a court, the 
plaintiff investor might, under the national law of the member states of the European Economic Area, have to 
bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any Notes offered 
by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such an offer or solicitation 
For further information on certain selling restrictions with respect to the offered Notes, see section "Selling 
Restrictions". 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer hereby consents to the use of the Base Prospectus (under which the offer of the Notes takes place) 
and the applicable Final Terms in connection with a subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes to the 
extent and the conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms during the term of its validity 
in accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement thereto 
as well as in the Final Terms also with respect to the subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by 
financial intermediaries, who obtained the consent to use the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto as well 
as the Final Terms. 
Such consent can be given to all (so-called general consent) or only one or several specified financial 
intermediaries (so-called individual consent) and will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such consent can be given in relation to the following member states, in which the Base Prospectus is valid or 
into which it has been passported as specified in the Final Terms: the Republic of Austria, the Kingdom of 
Belgium, the Republic of Bulgaria, the Republic of Croatia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, the

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Kingdom of Denmark, the Republic of Finland, the French Republic, the Hellenic Republic, Hungary, the 
Republic of Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Republic of Malta, the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of 
Poland, the Portuguese Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic, the Republic of Slovenia, the Kingdom of 
Spain and the Kingdom of Sweden. 
The Issuer's consent to the use of the Base Prospectus is given under the condition that each financial 
intermediary complies with the applicable selling restrictions and the terms and conditions of the offer. 
Furthermore, in connection with the consent to the use of the Base Prospectus the Issuer may impose the 
condition that the financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus commits itself towards its customers to a 
responsible distribution of the Notes. This commitment is made by the publication of the financial intermediary 
on its website stating that the Base Prospectus is used with the consent of the Issuer and subject to the 
conditions set forth with the consent. The consent to the use of the Base Prospectus will be given for the period 
as set out in the Final Terms. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms as well as the offer, sale 
and the delivery of the Notes may be restricted by law in some jurisdictions. Each financial intermediary and/or 
each person, who is in the possession of this Base Prospectus, a supplement thereto and the Final Terms, must 
be informed of and comply with such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its consent to the 
use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain financial intermediaries. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, the financial intermediary shall provide 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus shall state on its website that it uses the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent. 
New information with respect to financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base 
Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms, as the case may, will be published and will be found on the website 
of the Issuer (www.timberland-securities-investment.com) (or any successor website, in which case an 
automatic redirection will be ensured by the Issuer). 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
DISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION 
No person is authorised to disseminate or make any representations in connection with the issue and offering 
of Notes other than the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. If such 
information is nevertheless disseminated or assured, such information must not be regarded as authorised by 
the Issuer or any paying agent or other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the provision of this Base Prospectus in accordance with these Rules nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of Notes constitutes a guarantee that  
(i) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is accurate at a time after the date of publication of this 
Base Prospectus or at a time after the publication of a supplement or a supplement thereto approved by 
the Central Bank, or 
(ii) no material adverse change in the Issuer's business or financial condition which is material in connection 
with the issue and sale of the Notes occurred at any time after the date of publication of this Base 
Prospectus or at any time after the publication of any addendum to or supplement to this Base Prospectus 
approved by the Central Bank,  
(iii) any other information relating to the issue of the Notes was accurate at any time other than the time it was 
notified or dated. The Distributors, Paying Agent(s) and other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus 
expressly refrain from reviewing the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Issuer

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
during the term of the Notes or from advising investors on any information that becomes available to the 
Distributors, Paying Agent(s) or any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Distributors, Paying Agent(s) nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus other than 
the Issuer is responsible for any information or documents contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and to the extent permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction excludes liability and warranty for 
the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in such documents. 
The Distributors, Paying Agent(s) or any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus has not independently 
verified this information and assumes no liability for its accuracy. 
If, after approval of this Base Prospectus and before the close of the public offering, important new 
circumstances or material inaccuracies arise with regard to the information contained in the Base Prospectus 
which could influence the assessment of the securities, the Issuer is obliged under the Prospectus Regulation 
to supplement the Base Prospectus accordingly. Supplements (if any) to this Base Prospectus will be approved 
by the Central Bank and published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with all supplements, if any, and together with all 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any new information regarding financial 
intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or the transmission of the Final 
Terms is available at www.timberland-securities-investment.com. All websites included in the Base 
Prospectus are for information purposes only and are not part of the Base Prospectus. 
The Notes are not suitable for all investors. Investors should make their own enquiries about the Issuer's net 
assets, financial position and results of operations before deciding to purchase the Notes and should make their 
own assessments of the Issuer's creditworthiness and their own assessment of the Notes. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information given in connection with the Notes constitutes a recommendation by the 
Issuer or Distributing Agents, Paying Agent(s) nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus to the 
investor to purchase the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer and may not be used for the purpose of making an offer in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer is unlawful or to any person to whom such offer would be unlawful. 
The Issuer, Distribution Agents, Paying Agent(s) or any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus make 
no representation that this Base Prospectus will be lawfully distributed or that the Notes will be lawfully offered 
in accordance with the requirements of the applicable laws in accordance with applicable registration 
requirements or other legal requirements or applicable exemptions and assume no liability for the support of 
the offer or the distribution. In particular, the Issuer, Distribution Agents, Paying Agent(s) or any other person 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus have not taken any action in those jurisdictions where such action is 
necessary for the purpose of the offer or dissemination. 
I. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements 
that relate not to historical facts, but to future events or circumstances. They can be identified by words such 
as "believe", "assume", "await", "assume", "estimate", "plan", "intend", "hope", "predict", "forecast", "project", 
"intends", "endeavors", "expects", "targets" or "may" or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are 
based on current estimates and assumptions made by the Issuer to the best of its knowledge, and are subject to 
risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual financial condition and results of operations of Timberland 
Securities Investment plc to differ materially (in particular to the negative) from those expressed or implied in 
the forward-looking statements. The Issuer is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or 
to conform them to future events or developments to the extent otherwise required by law. 
These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions, uncertainties and other factors, the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of which could cause the Issuer's actual results, including its financial condition and 
profitability, to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. These

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
expressions can be found wherever information is contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the Issuer's 
plans, intentions, beliefs, or current expectations relating to the Issuer's future financial condition and results 
of operations, plans, liquidity, business prospects, growth, strategy and profitability, investments and capital 
expenditure requirements, future growth in demand as well as the economic and regulatory environment which 
the Issuer is subject to. Since the aforementioned outline in detail factors which could exert an influence on 
the business development of the Issuer, and the segments in which the Issuer is active, they should be read 
carefully. The Section "Risk Factos" contains a detailed description of various risks. If these risks were to 
materialize, this could adversely affect the actual outcome of the matters described in the forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus, in particular where such statements relate to the development of 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 
In light of the aforementioned uncertainties and assumptions, future events mentioned in this Base Prospectus 
may not occur. In addition, the forward-looking estimates and forecasts reproduced in this Base Prospectus 
from third-party sources could prove to be inaccurate (for further information on the third-party sources used 
in this Base Prospectus, see section "Information provided by third parties and references to specified internet 
pages"). Actual results, performance or events may turn out to be better or worse compared to the results, 
performance and events described in the forward-looking statements, in particular due to: 
- 
changes to the general economic, commercial or legal conditions, 
- 
political or regulatory changes, 
- 
changes in the competitive environment of the Issuer, 
- 
other factors, which are explained in greater detail in the Section "Risk Factors"; and 
- 
factors which are not known to the Issuer at the current time. 
Moreover, it should be noted that all forward-looking statements only contain a statement as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and that the Issuer does not assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any 
forward-looking statement or to conform any such statement to actual events or developments. 
Beyond its statutory obligation, the Issuer does not intend to update these kinds of forward-looking statements 
and/or to adapt them in light of future events or developments.  
II. 
FIGURES AND CURRENCY INFORMATION 
Figures in this Base Prospectus in units of thousand / million / billion and percentages have been rounded 
according to commercial practice. Totals or subtotals contained in tables may differ slightly from the 
unrounded amounts stated elsewhere in this Base Prospectus due to commercial rounding. Furthermore, due 
to rounding, individual figures and percentages may not add up exactly to totals or subtotals contained in tables 
or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. With respect to the financial information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, "n/a" means that the relevant figure is not available, while a zero ("0") means that the relevant 
figure is available but has been rounded to zero. 
This Base Prospectus contains currency denominations in Euro. Currency denominations have been identified 
and abbreviated as either "Euro" or "EUR" before the amount. 
III. 
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES AND REFERENCES TO SPECIFIED 
INTERNET PAGES 
Information in this Base Prospectus which is derived from third party studies on the market environment, 
market developments, growth rates, market trends and competitive situation has not been verified by the Issuer. 
The Issuer has accurately reproduced any such third party information and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Prospective investors are, nevertheless, advised to consider this data with caution. For example, market studies 
are often based on information or assumptions that may not be accurate or appropriate, and their methodology 
is inherently predictive and speculative. The fact that information from the aforementioned third-party sources

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
has been included in this Base Prospectus should not be considered as a recommendation by the relevant third 
parties to invest in, purchase, or take any other action with respect to, shares in the Issuer. 
In addition, the sources of market data included in this Base Prospectus were partly prepared before the 
COVID-19 pandemic and have not been updated for the potential effects of this pandemic. The Issuer is not 
able to determine whether the third parties who have prepared such sources will revise their estimates and 
projections in the light of the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on future market developments. 
Irrespective of the assumption of responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus by the Issuer (see section 
"Responsibility Statement"), the Issuer has not independently verified the figures, market data or other 
information on which third parties have based their studies. Accordingly, the Issuer makes no representation 
or warranty as to the accuracy of any such information from third party studies included in this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, prospective investors should note that the Issuer's own estimates and statements of 
opinion and belief are not always based on studies of third parties. 
Moreover, information on market environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and 
competitive situation in the segments in which the Issuer is active is based on estimates by the Issuer. These 
assessments, in turn, are based in part on internal market observations and on various market studies. Any 
information that is derived in such way is not based on impartial sources could therefore deviate from 
assessments by competitors of the Issuer or future statements by independent sources. 
In preparing this Base Prospectus, reference has been made to the third party sources mentioned in the text or 
footnotes. These sources are not part of the Base Prospectus.  
The contents of the websites mentioned in this Base Prospectus including any websites accessible from 
hyperlinks on the Issuer's website, and of any other websites referenced in this Base Prospectus are for 
information purposes only and are not part of this Base Prospectus. 
IV. 
PUBLICATION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
This Base Prospectus, once approved by the Central Bank, shall be filed with the Central Bank and published 
on the website of the Issuer at www.timberland-securities-investment.com or any successor website thereof. 
Paper copies of this Base Prospectus may also be obtained free of charge during normal business hours from 
Timberland Securities Investment plc (Aragon House, St. George's Park, St. Julian's STJ 3140, Malta). 
V. 
IDENTIFICATION OF THE TARGET MARKET 
With regard to the product governance requirements under (i) Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 June 2014/65/EU, (ii) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegate 
Regulation (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II and (iii) local implementing measures (together the 
MiFID II requirements) and rejecting any liability, whether in tort, contract or otherwise which any 
"manufacturer" (for the purposes of MiFID II requirements) is subject to in relation to the Notes offered, the 
Notes have been subject to a product release process. As a result, it was determined that the Notes are directed 
at retail investors, professional clients and eligible counterparties (each as defined in MiFID II) (the Target 
Market Determination) and the Notes are eligible for distribution under MiFID II using all eligible 
distribution channels. Irrespective of the target market regulation, the market price of the Notes may fall and 
investors may lose all or part of their invested capital. The Notes offer no guaranteed income and no capital 
protection. An investment in the Notes is only acceptable to investors who do not require guaranteed income 
or capital protection, who are able (alone or in conjunction with a suitable financial or other advisor) to evaluate 
the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient financial resources to compensate for any 
losses. The target market will be determined without prejudice to any contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions on the sale of the Notes offered, see section "Selling Restrictions". For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Target Market Definition does not constitute (i) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness (for the 
purposes of MiFID II) nor (ii) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to subscribe for the 
Notes or take any other action with respect to the Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
VI. 
WARNING NOTICES 
If specified in the Final Terms, the Notes will provide for a (qualified) subordination clause 
((qualifizierte) Rangrücktrittserklärung) and a pre-insolvency enforcement block (vorinsolvenzliche 
Durchsetzungssperre)1. 
On the basis of the Final Terms, the Noteholder undertakes to assert all claims arising from the Notes, in 
particular claims for payment of interest and repayment of principal (including any other amounts payable 
under the Notes), for as long as and to the extent that such claims are not asserted, how the partial or complete 
fulfilment of these claims would lead to over-indebtedness (Überschuldung) of the Issuer within the meaning 
of § 17 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) or imminent insolvency (drohende Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
within the meaning of § 18 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) or insolvency (Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
within the meaning of § 19 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) as amended (pre-insolvency 
enforcement block). 
The pre-insolvency enforcement block expressly applies to the period before the opening of possible 
insolvency proceedings. Consequently, the Noteholder may already not demand fulfilment of existing claims 
arising from the Notes if the Issuer is over-indebted or insolvent or threatens to become so at the time of the 
Noteholder's demand for payment. 
With reference to the above, the pre-insolvency enforcement block can lead to a permanent, indefinite non-
performance of the Noteholder's claims. 
In the event of insolvency of the assets of the Issuer or the liquidation of the Issuer, the claims arising from the 
Notes shall rank behind all non-subordinated claims and all subordinated claims within the meaning of section 
39 (1) nos. 1 to 5 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
This leads first of all to the fact that the Noteholder's claims are not satisfied until the claims of the non-lower-
ranking insolvency creditors (see § 38 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung)) have been satisfied. All 
creditors who at the time of the opening of the insolvency proceedings have a justified claim to assets (here: a 
claim for payment) against the debtor (here: the Issuer) qualify as insolvency creditors. 
In addition, the Noteholder's claims will only be satisfied after the claims of the subordinate insolvency 
creditors (see § 39 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung)) have been satisfied, provided that 
distributable insolvency assets still exist. The subordinated claims within the meaning of § 39 (1) German 
Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) are 
(1) 
the interest and default surcharges on claims of the creditors of the insolvency proceedings which 
have been running since the opening of the insolvency proceedings; 
(2) 
the costs incurred by the individual creditors of the insolvency proceedings by their participation in 
the proceedings; 
(3) 
fines, administrative fines and periodic penalty payments as well as such incidental consequences of 
a criminal offence or administrative offence which make it obligatory to pay money; 
(4) 
claims for free performance by the debtor; and 
(5) 
under the conditions laid down in paragraphs 4 and 5, claims for repayment of a shareholder's loan or 
claims arising out of legal acts economically equivalent to such a loan. 
                                                     
1 In the terminology of the court decision of the German Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) of 6 December 2018 (Reference: IX ZR 143/27). 
Respective terms may used differently in the relevant Final Terms but shall have the same legal meaning.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
The Noteholder may assert claims arising from the Notes, in particular the claim to payment of interest and 
repayment of the capital, outside of insolvency proceedings of the Issuer only from any (a) future profits, (b) 
a liquidation surplus or (c) from other free assets of the Issuer. 
However, the terms and conditions of the Notes do not include a waiver agreement or a declaration by the 
Noteholder of a waiver with regard to claims which exist in connection with the Notes in the Noteholder's 
favour. 
In the event of a payment by the Issuer in breach of a payment prohibition, the Issuer is entitled to demand 
repayment of the amount received from the payee and to take legal action.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS 
17 
I. 
SPECIAL AND MATERIAL RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
19 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL SITUATION 
20 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT IN WHICH THE 
ISSUER OPERATES 
22 
3. 
LEGAL AND TAX RELATED RISKS 
27 
4. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
27 
5. 
OTHER RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL SITUATION 
29 
6. 
INTERNAL CONTROL RISKS 
31 
II. 
SPECIAL AND MATERIAL RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
32 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO ALL NOTES 
32 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES AND/OR CLASSIFICATION OF THE 
NOTES 
36 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE INTEREST AND REDEMPTION STRUCTURES OF CERTAIN TYPES 
OF NOTES 
37 
4. 
RISKS RELATED TO CERTAIN OTHER FEATURES OF THE NOTES 
38 
5. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE TAXATION OF THE NOTES 
39 
6. 
OTHER NOTES-RELATED RISKS 
40 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
41 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
42 
SUBSCRIPTION FOR NOTES 
43 
I. 
BEARER NOTES 
43 
II. 
REGISTERED NOTES 
44 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
45 
I. 
GENERAL FEATURES OF THE NOTES 
45 
II. 
SPECIAL FEATURES OF THE NOTES 
47 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
49 
I. 
OPTION I – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LUXEMBOURG FIXED RATE BEARER NOTES
 
49

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
II. 
OPTION II – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LUXEMBOURG FIXED RATE REGISTERED 
NOTES 
64 
III. 
OPTION III – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MALTESE FIXED RATE REGISTERED 
NOTES 
78 
IV. 
OPTION IV – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GERMAN FIXED RATE BEARER NOTES 
94 
NOTEHOLDER MEETING PROVISIONS 
125 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
132 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PARTIES 
147 
I. 
I. DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
147 
II. 
II. DESCRIPTION OF THE AGENTS 
156 
TAXATION 
161 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
162 
I. 
PUBLIC OFFER SELLING RESTRICTION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
162 
II. 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
162 
III. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND ITS TERRITORIES 
162 
IV. 
SWITZERLAND 
162 
OFFER TO THE PUBLIC 
164 
I. 
OFFER PERIOD 
164 
II. 
SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD 
164 
III. 
ISSUE PRICE 
164 
IV. 
PUBLICATION OF AN OFFER TO THE PUBLIC 
164 
V. 
METHOD OF CALCULATING THE YIELD 
164 
VI. 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
165 
VII. 
THE TIME PERIOD DURING WHICH THE OFFER OF THE NOTES WILL BE OPEN AND 
DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLICATION PROCESS 
165 
VIII. 
DETAILS OF THE MINIMUM AND/OR MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF APPLICATION 
165 
IX. 
DETAILS OF THE METHOD FOR PAYING UP AND DELIVERING THE NOTES 
165 
X. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE POSSIBILITY TO REDUCE SUBSCRIPTIONS AND MANNER FOR 
REFUNDING EXCESS AMOUNT PAID BY APPLICANTS 
165 
XI. 
MANNER AND DATE IN WHICH RESULTS OF THE OFFER ARE TO BE MADE PUBLIC 
165

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
XII. 
PROCESS FOR NOTIFYING APPLICANTS OF THE AMOUNT ALLOTTED AND AN INDICATION 
WHETHER DEALING MAY BEGIN BEFORE NOTIFICATION IS MADE 
166 
XIII. 
CATEGORIES OF POTENTIAL INVESTORS TO WHICH THE NOTES ARE OFFERED 
166 
XIV. 
LIST OF JURISDICTIONS, IN WHICH NON-EXEMPT OFFERS MAY BE MADE 
166 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
167 
I. 
AUTHORISATION 
167 
II. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
167 
III. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
167 
IV. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
167 
V. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
168 
VI. 
REFERENCE TO SOURCES OF MARKET INFORMATION AND TECHNICAL TERMS 
169 
VII. 
NOTE ON FINANCIAL AND NUMERICAL DATA 
169 
VIII. 
POST-ISSUANCE TRANSACTION INFORMATION 
169 
IX. 
ISSUER'S WEBSITE 
169 
X. 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SUCCESSOR BASE PROSPECTUSES 
169

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section provides details of the principal risks associated with the Issuer and the Notes. References to the 
"Issuer" are references to Timberland Securities Investment plc, and references to the "Notes" are references 
to the 
i. 
Luxembourg fixed rate bearer notes, 
ii. 
Luxembourg fixed rate registered notes, 
iii. 
Maltese fixed rate registered notes, and 
iv. 
German fixed rate bearer notes, 
respectively, issued under this Base Prospectus.  
In purchasing the Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make payments due in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not 
be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which the Issuer may currently deem not to be material may 
become material over time and could likewise impair the business operations of the Issuer and have a material 
adverse effect on its business, cash flows, results of operations and its financial condition.  
Prospective investors in the Notes should ensure that they fully understand the nature of the Notes, as well as 
the extent of their exposure to risks associated with an investment in the Notes. They should consider the 
suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of their own particular financial, fiscal and other 
circumstances. In particular, prospective investors should be aware that the Notes may decline in value and 
should be prepared to sustain a substantial or total loss of their investment in the Notes and ensure that their 
acquisition is fully consistent with their financial needs and investment policies, is lawful under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of their location or incorporation and/or in which they operate, and is a suitable investment for 
them to make. All recipients of this Base Prospectus and prospective investors are urged to consult an 
investment advisor as to the suitability or otherwise of an investment in any of the Notes before making an 
investment decision. An informed investment decision can only be made by investors after they have read and 
fully understood this Base Prospectus, and, in particular, the Terms and Conditions, the risk factors associated 
with an investment in the Notes, the risk factors associated with the markets generally, and the inherent risks 
associated with the Issuer's business. In the event that an investor in the Notes does not seek professional 
advice and/or does not read and fully understand the provisions of this Base Prospectus, there is a risk that 
such investor may acquire an investment which is not suitable for his or her risk profile. Each potential investor 
in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor should: 
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in, or incorporated by 
reference into, this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto; 
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes where the currency for principal payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
 
understand fully the respective Terms and Conditions of the Notes and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The Notes may be complex financial instruments. Investors generally do not purchase complex financial 
instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not 
invest in the Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All 
of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a 
view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. Prospective investors should consider these factors 
before deciding to purchase Notes to be issued under the Base Prospectus. In addition, prospective investors 
should be aware that the risks described below may combine and thus intensify one another. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay principal or other amounts under or in connection with the Notes 
may occur for other reasons, which may not be or may not have been considered significant risks by the Issuer 
based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective 
investors should consider all information provided in this Base Prospectus and should consult with their own 
professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) and also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meanings in this section. 
This section is divided into a number of sub-sections, details of which are set out in the table below: 
Title of section & sub-section 
Page 
I. 
Specific and material Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
19 
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
20 
2. 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment in which the Issuer operates 
22 
3. 
Legal and tax related risks 
26 
4. 
Risks related to the Issuer' business activities and industry 
27 
5. 
Other riks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
29 
6. 
Internal control risks 
31 
II. 
Specific and material Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
32 
1. 
Risks related to all Notes 
32 
2. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes and/or (regulatory) classification  
36 
3. 
Risks related to the interest and redemption structures of certain types of Notes 
37 
4. 
Risks related to certain other features of the Notes 
38 
5. 
Risks related to the taxation of the Notes 
39 
6. 
Other Notes-related risks 
40

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Within the different categories, each individual Risk Factor has been indicated by a title. Where a Risk Factor 
may be categorised in more than one category, such Risk Factor appears only once and in the most relevant 
category for such Risk Factor. The most material risk in a category is presented first under that category. The 
assessement of materiality was based on the probability of occurrence and expected magnitude of negative 
impact. Subsequent Risk Factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality of occurrence. 
I. 
SPECIAL AND MATERIAL RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Based on the strategic orientation of the Issuer with its business segments their offering of products 
and concentration on the core markets in Europe, especially in regard to Austria, Ireland, Germany, 
Malta, Hungary, Grand Duchy of Luxemburg, the general economic developments in these countries, 
in combination with developments on the international financial and capital markets are of great 
importance for the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Issuer. 
It can be expected that the global spread of the coronavirus will significantly slow down global 
economic growth since its beginning in the year 2020. It is also possible that the burden will last longer 
depending on the course of the pandemic. Some countries, including the aforemtioned countries, may 
also experience a recession. The negative factors are disruptions in global supply chains as well as a 
drop in demand due to purchasing restraints in affected countries and quarantine measures among 
others. Based on current information, the effects on the European, especially in regard to Austria, 
Ireland, Germany, Malta, Hungary, Grand Duchy of Luxemburg, economy are still difficult to assess. 
The recent global coronavirus pandemic has led to periods of significant volatility in financial and 
other markets and could harm the Issuer's business and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic 
has led to periods of significant volatility in the global economy and in financial, commodity and 
global capital markets and could affect demand for the Issuers products, related supply, production 
and distribution chains and/or Issuers financing and the financial health and credit risk associated with 
Issuers customers. In addition, recent actions by federal, state and local governments in various 
countries to address the pandemic may also have a significant adverse effect on the markets in which 
the Issuer conducts its business. The extent of the impacts resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic 
and other events beyond the Issuer's control will depend on future developments, which are highly 
uncertain at this time, including new information that may emerge concerning the spread of the 
pandemic and actions taken to contain the coronavirus or its impact, among others. 
Any service interruption could lead to an interruption of the business of the Issuer. The global spread 
of the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 and the measures taken to contain the virus or the COVID-19 
pandemic, in particular its impact on suppliers and delivery chains, service providers as well as the 
imposition of quarantine measures and curfews by which third-party suppliers and service providers 
could be affected could harm the business activities of the Issuer. The Issuer intends to work closely 
with its suppliers and service providers to avoid supply- and service-related problems. However, it 
cannot rule out that it will not experience supply and service problems in the future. If the Issuer fails 
to maintain its relationships with current or future suppliers and service providers, if suppliers and 
service providers offer pricing and other terms that are not satisfactory or if a supplier or service 
provider fails to supply goods and services, that meet the Issuer's quality, quantity and cost 
requirements, or fails to do so in time, the Issuer may be unable to fulfill customers' orders in a timely 
and cost-effective manner, which could result in damage claims, order cancellations, decreased sales 
or loss of market share and the reputation of the Issuer being harmed. 
The occurrence, continuation or escalation of one or more of these developments may significantly 
negatively impact the Issuer's respective business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Further, it can be expected that global economic growth to slow markedly in the year 2022. In addition 
to a significant slowdown in the economic development of the United States, activity in the Eurozone 
is also likely to decline in the first half of the year before a recovery is expected to set in as the 
pandemic is pushed back. Many emerging and developing countries will probably also lose momentum

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
initially due to weaker global trade and the economic downturn in the United States. A further negative 
factor for the global economy is expected to be weaker growth in China, which will be dampened by 
the coronavirus as well as the ongoing transformation of the economy and the uncertain process in the 
Chinese real estate market. Further risks are the unforeseeable consequences of an escalation of 
protectionist measures by the US government. 
In Europe, inter alia in Austria, Ireland, Germany, Malta, Hungary, Grand Duchy of Luxemburg, the 
effects of the coronavirus are likely to have a severe impact on private consumption, investment and 
export activity in 2022, possibly even longer depending on the development of the pandemic. In 
addition, manufacturing companies in particular could suffer from a renewed escalation of trade 
conflicts in the triad US-China-Europe. 
In 2022, political uncertainties will also continue to be at the forefront. These are shaped by US foreign 
policy. In addition to the ongoing effects of the European sovereign debt crisis, there will be increasing 
political and economic uncertainties concerning the further development of the European Union as a 
whole. Existing tensions between the European Union (EU) and Turkey, and also with Russia, as well 
as continuing geopolitical conflicts, especially in Ukrainia, and increasingly frequent terrorist attacks 
pose further risks with regard to the security, monetary and economic policy situation throughout 
Europe. 
Extremely low interest rates will continue to be one of the main challenges for the financial sector. It 
is still not foreseeable to what extent and intensity financial markets will react to the overall 
developments. 
If, for example, the stabilising measures in the eurozone fail to have the intended effect, or economic 
growth increasingly slows down, or further turbulence occurs on the financial and capital markets, this 
could also have a negative impact on the assets, liabilities, financial position, and profit or loss of the 
Issuer. Due to the continuing high level of uncertainty in the macro-political environment and the 
resulting high volatility in financial and capital markets, forward-looking statements regarding future 
business performance are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. 
Effects of the Corona Crisis 
Due to the uncertain duration and consequences of the pandemic, the effects on sales and earnings for 
the current fiscal year 2022 and potentially beyond cannot be quantified at present. However, in view 
of the current development in connection with the coronavirus, the situation in many of the Issuer's 
core markets is challenging. At present, the economic consequences of the coronavirus pandemic for 
the Issuer's sales, earnings and liquidity cannot yet be specifically estimated. The Issuer expects the 
coronavirus pandemic to have a considerable impact on sales, earnings and liquidity in the 2022 
financial year and potentially beyond. 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL SITUATION 
Risks in connection with a possible insolvency of the Issuer 
The Noteholders assume the credit risk of the Issuer. In the case of an insolvency of the Issuer, the 
Issuer may not be in a position to pay its debts as they fall due, including the amounts due on the 
Notes. As a result, the Noteholders may lose part or all of their claims to repayment of their invested 
capital. 
Risks in connection with the Issuer being a going concern 
The audit reports for the audited financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 contain a paragraph headed "Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern". These 
paragraphs state that, in the auditors' opinion, due to the Issuer's financial position a material 
uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the Issuer's ability to continue as a going concern.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
If the Issuer was not able to continue as a going concern, the Issuer may not be in a position to pay its 
debts as they fall due, including the amounts due on the Notes. As a result, the Noteholders may lose 
part or all of their claims to repayment of their invested capital. 
Risks in connection with refinancings 
Depending on market conditions or the financial position of the Issuer, the Issuer may seek new 
refinancing for the repayment of the Notes, if necessary by issuing new notes. If such refinancing 
required for repayment is not available – for whatever reason – the Issuer may not be in a position to 
repay the Notes. If this risk should materialize, the Noteholders may lose part or all of their claims to 
repayment of their invested capital. 
Risk in connection with previous Notes 
The Issuer has in the past issued Contingent Notes. In some instances, the amounts due on these Notes 
were written down in accordance with the relevant Terms and Conditions of these specific Contingent 
Notes. There is a risk that Contingent Notes might be written down in the future, in which case the 
Noteholders of Contingent Notes would lose part or all of their claims to repayment of their invested 
capital. 
Risks in connection with credit risks 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of partial or total inability of the Issuer to make distribution and/or 
redemption payments that the Issuer may be obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of loss. Prospective investors should note that a 
materialisation of credit risk with respect to the Issuer may result in the inability of the Issuer to pay 
interest and/or principal under the Notes.  
Risks in connection with the dependency on certain persons providing funding and financings 
Mr Kraemer is a indirect shareholder and, and managing director of the company as well of certain 
service providers (i.e. the Distribution Agents, the Fiscal Agent as well as one of the Listing Agents 
(Timberland Capital Management)) and thus may exert influence on the Issuer. Hence, the Issuer is 
dependent on its indirect shareholder and managing director, due to the controlling influence of this 
indirect shareholder, the financing previously significant by this shareholder and its participation in 
various Timberland related companies (inter alia refinancing risks). In case Mr. Kraemer should cease 
to act either as an indirect shareholder or as managing director, the Issuer may not benefit from 
financings provided by its indirect shareholder. In case no other external sources of (re-) financings 
are available, this shortfall with respect to a potential source of funding may have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer's financial position. 
Risks in connection with costs related to the Issuer in connection with financing activities 
The financing activities of the Issuer are connected with certain costs, such as but not limited to for 
marketing and distribution of its financing instruments like Notes and others, commissions or other 
similar fees charged by the Issuer's distribution agents, service providers and others to the Issuer. Those 
costs reduce the net issue proceeds of the Issuer derived from the issuing of financial instruments such 
as Notes. Prospective investors should note that these costs may significantly reduce or eliminate any 
net profits that the Issuer may realize from its business activities in one or more business year and 
furthermore may result in a financial loss for a business year. This may have a negative impact on the 
Issuer's ability in payment of interests and repayment of the Notes. 
Risks in connection with the integration of potential future acquisitions 
The Issuer may in the future seek to make one or more acquisitions to support its business objectives 
and complement the development of its business in existing and new geographic markets. Such

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
strategic transaction(s) would, if pursued, demand significant management attention and will require 
the Issuer to divert financial and other resources that would otherwise be available for its existing 
business. Furthermore, prospective investors should note that the benefits of potential future 
acquisitions may take longer to realise than expected and may not be realised fully, or at all, there can 
be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to successfully pursue and complete the acquisition of any 
future target(s), and there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to identify all actual and 
potential liabilities to which any target company is exposed prior to the acquisition thereof. Any of 
these factors could, in the event that an acquisition is pursued, lead to unexpected losses for the Issuer 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Risks in connection with investments in financial instruments 
The Issuer may apply part of the proceeds received from the sale of the Notes to invest in balance 
sheets assets such as financial instruments, including, without limitation, shares, bonds, securitised 
debt instruments, money market instruments and units in collective investment schemes. Such 
investments will be subject to normal market fluctuations and the risks inherent in all investments, 
including the risk that the Issuer may not realise all or part of the capital invested. In the event that the 
financial instruments selected for investment by the Issuer lose part or all of their value, the Issuer may 
be forced to make write-downs (resulting in a loss in the income and loss statement). Losses not 
covered by corresponding gains may affect the Issuer's ability to service interest on the Notes and to 
repay principal.  
Risks in connection with the impact of a downgraded credit rating 
The value of the Notes may be affected by investors' general appraisal of the Issuer's creditworthiness. 
Such perceptions may be influenced by any credit ratings which may, in the future, be assigned to the 
Issuer or any company which may form part of its group. A rating is, broadly, the opinion of a rating 
agency on the credit standing of an issuer, i.e., a forecast or an indicator of a possible credit loss due 
to insolvency, delay in payment or incomplete payment to the investors. It is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities.  
A rating agency may, in particular, suspend, downgrade or withdraw a rating. A rating may also be 
suspended or withdrawn if an issuer of notes were to terminate the agreement with the relevant rating 
agency or to determine that it would not be in its interest to continue to supply financial data to a rating 
agency. A downgrading of the rating may lead to a restriction of access to funds and, consequently, to 
higher refinancing costs. A rating could also be negatively affected by the soundness or perceived 
soundness of other institutions operating within the same sector as the Issuer or any company which 
may form part of its group. 
Any downgrade of a credit rating which may, in the future, be assigned to the Issuer and/or any 
company which may form part of its group could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and 
competitive position of the Issuer, undermine confidence therein, increase its borrowing costs, limit 
its access to funding and capital markets and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into 
transactions with the Issuer and may, as a consequence, have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT IN WHICH 
THE ISSUER OPERATES 
Risks in connection with laws and regulations 
In response to the global financial crisis, a number of regulatory initiatives have been (and are currently 
being) implemented, adopted, or developed, which could, if deemed applicable to the Issuer, have a 
negative impact on the Issuer and its operations. Firstly, the implementation of the following 
regulatory requirements may result in increasing costs which correspondingly would have e negative

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
effect on the financial position of the Issuer. Secondly, there is a risk of failing to comply with the new 
regulatory requirements may materialize, and thus this might lead to fines imposed by a competent 
authority or create reputational risks. Both of the risks could have an adverse impact on the profitability 
of the Issuer which may affect the Issuer's ability to make repayments on the Notes. 
These regulatory initiatives may include the following: 
The Capital Requirements Directive and Capital Requirements Regulation 
On 27 June 2013, Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC (CRD IV) and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (CRR) were published. CRD IV and CRR introduced, 
amongst others, stringent capital and liquidity requirements. 
Under the new rules, the only capital instruments eligible as own funds are: (i) Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments (CET 1 instruments), (ii) Additional Tier 1 instruments (AT 1 instruments) (CET 1 
instruments and AT 1 instruments together constituting Tier 1 instruments), and Tier 2 instruments 
(Tier 2 instruments).  
Institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following capital ratios for own funds: (i) a CET 1 
ratio of 4.5 per cent., (ii) a Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent., and (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 per cent., all of 
which are expressed as a percentage of the institution's total risk exposure amount, which total risk 
exposure amount is, broadly, the sum of risk-weighted exposure amounts for credit risk and the own 
funds requirements for market risk and operational risk. 
The CRR also imposes liquidity requirements, namely the liquidity coverage ratio, whereby 
institutions are required to hold liquid assets, the total value of which would cover the net liquidity 
outflows that might be experienced under severe stressed conditions over a period of 30 days.  
In the event that the Issuer were determined to be subject to CRD IV and CRR, and would hence be 
subject, amongst others, to the above requirements, this could have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
business, operational results, financial condition or prospects. 
Following the publication of CRD IV and CRR, additional European legislative acts have been 
published on 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU: 
Both the Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements (CRR II) as well as the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Capital Requirements Directive 
IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (CRD V) do set 
even stricter rules for the financial industry and its participants. CRR II and CRD V entered into force 
on 27 June 2019. As regards CRR II, the majority of provisions will apply from 28 June 2021. The 
new rules (inter alia) now impose a binding leverage ratio requiring institutions to maintain Tier 1 
capital of at least 3% of their non-risk-weighted assets as well as with respect to new counterparty 
credit risk and market risk.  
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive  
Resolution Tools and MREL (Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities) 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC,

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No. 1093/2010 and 
(EU) No. 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council (known as the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive and hereinafter referred to as the BRRD) entered into force on 2 July 2014. 
Member States had until 31 December 2014 to adopt and publish laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions necessary to comply with the BRRD, prior to adopting such measures from 1 January 2015. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a set of tools to intervene early and quickly in the 
affairs of an unsound or failing institutions falling within its remit (the BRRD Institution) so as to 
ensure the continuity of the critical financial and economic functions of the BRRD Institution, whilst 
minimising the impact of its failure on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD achieves this end by requiring the appointment of a resolution authority (the Resolution 
Authority) that is empowered to intervene using a number of resolution tools in the event that the 
following requirements are satisfied cumulatively (each of the following an Intervention Event): (a) 
a BRRD Institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that alternative private 
sector measures would prevent the failure of a BRRD Institution, and (c) a resolution action is in the 
public interest. 
One of the resolution tools is the bail-in tool whereby Resolution Authorities are, amongst others, 
empowered to write down or convert into common equity certain liabilities of a failing BRRD 
Institution. The bail-in tool ensures that not only shareholders but also creditors of the failing 
institution suffer appropriate losses and bear an appropriate part of the costs arising from the failure 
of the institution. 
Resolution Authorities will have to exercise their bail-in powers in a way that results in: (i) common 
equity tier 1 capital instruments (such as ordinary shares) being written down first in proportion to the 
relevant losses, (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of other capital instruments (additional tier 1 
capital instruments and Tier 2 capital instruments) being written down on a permanent basis or 
converted into common equity tier 1 capital instruments in accordance with their order of priority, and 
(iii) thereafter, other eligible liabilities being written down on a permanent basis or converted into 
common equity tier 1 capital instruments in accordance with a set order of priority. 
In the event that the Issuer were deemed to fall within the remit of the BRRD and an Intervention 
Event were deemed to occur, the Resolution Authority may determine that the principal amount of the 
contingent capital notes, including accrued but unpaid interest, may be written off, converted into 
common equity Tier 1 capital or otherwise applied to absorb losses. This would not constitute an event 
of default and investors in notes will have no further claims in respect of any amount so written off, 
converted to equity or otherwise applied to absorb losses as aforesaid.  
Each institution falling with the remit of the BRRD has to ensure that it meets, at all times (on an 
individual basis and, in the case of EU parent undertakings, also on a consolidated basis), a minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. Such minimum requirement shall be determined by 
the Resolution Authority and shall be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities 
expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution. If the Issuer were to 
be deemed to fall within the remit of the BRRD, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to meet 
these minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities which could materially adversely 
affect the Issuer's ability to service interest on the Notes and to repay principal on the maturity or any 
other payment date. 
On 7 June 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (BRRD II) 
as well as Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms (SRMR II) were published in the Official Journal of the EU. 
Both BRRD II and SRMR II entered into force on 27 June 2019. SRMR II applies from 28 December 
2020. 
Investment Firms Regulation (IFR) and Investment Firms Directive (IFD)

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
The prudential rules relevant to investment firms will be changing following the introduction of the 
Investment Firms Regulation ((EU) 2019/2033) (IFR) and Investment Firms Directive 
((EU) 2019/2034) (IFD) by the European Commission. The new regime will likely amount to a 
significant shift in the current rules and the strong potential for increased regulatory capital 
requirements for most investment firms subject to transitional phasing in. Costs of the implementation 
incurred in connection with the above requirements could have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
financial condition as its profitability might deteriorate. Correspondingly, the Issuer's ability to pay 
interest and/or principal on the Note might deteriorate or may be adversily impacted. 
The new regime forms part of a body of work on the Capital Markets by the European Commission. 
It follows a review of the legislation that applies to investment firms, particularly around capital, 
liquidity and other risk management requirements, in order to ensure proportionate rules and better 
supervision for those firms, whilst ensuring a level-playing field between large and systemic financial 
institutions. The proposal for the new rules was agreed by the European Parliament and Member States 
on 26 February 2019 and in 18 April 2019 the European Parliament endorsed that proposal. The rules 
were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 5 December 2019 and entered into 
force on 25 December 2019. The IFR becomes directly applicable from 26 June 2021 and Member 
States have until that date to adopt and publish the measures necessary to transpose the IFD. 
Changes in Recognition of Own Funds 
Due to regulatory changes, certain existing capital instruments which may be issued by the Issuer in 
the future may be subject to (gradual) exclusion from own funds or reclassification as a lower category 
form of own funds.  
Changes in CET 1 Criteria 
In the course of the global financial crisis, the rules on own funds have come under scrutiny by 
legislators, regulators and advisory bodies (e.g. the BCBS). In the event that the Issuer were deemed 
to fall within the remit of the CRD IV/CRD V/CRR/CRR II/IFR/IFD regime, legislative or regulatory 
changes in the current definitions of what is deemed to qualify as CET 1 capital could reduce the 
Issuer's CET 1-ratio or otherwise reduce the (eligible) own funds on an individual or a consolidated 
basis. There can be no assurance that any further changes of the applicable rules as aforesaid, adequate 
grandfathering or transition periods will be implemented to allow the Issuer, if it were deemed to fall 
within the remit of the CRD IV/CRD V/CRR/CRR II/IFR/IFD regime, to repay or replace such 
derecognised CET 1 or other own funds instruments in a timely fashion or on favourable terms. In 
such case, the Issuer may need to obtain additional own funds or other eligible capital in the future, 
and such funds, whether in the form of ordinary shares or other capital, may not be available on 
attractive terms, or at all. 
Consolidation 
If the Issuer were deemed to fall within the remit of the CRD IV/CRD V/CRR/CRR II regime, then, 
in addition to potentially complying with capital requirements on an unconsolidated basis, the Issuer 
itself or group related entities may also be subject to capital requirements on a consolidated basis. 
Furthermore, any future shareholders of the Issuer which are subject to local supervision in their 
country of incorporation may, on an individual and on a consolidated basis, be required to comply 
with applicable local regulatory capital requirements. It is therefore possible that individual entities 
which may form part of the group of the Issuer may require more own funds, even though the own 
funds of the Issuer on a consolidated basis are sufficient. Costs of the implementation incurred in 
connection with the requirements stipulated by the CRR/CRD regime could have a negative impact 
on the Issuer's financial condition as its profitability might deteriorate. Correspondingly, the Issuer's 
ability to pay interest and/or principal on the Note might deteriorate or may be adversily impacted. 
Other Initiatives

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Additionally, stricter and/or new regulatory requirements may be adopted in the future, and the 
existing regulatory environment in many markets in which the Issuer operates (or may operate in 
future) continues to develop and change, including, for example, the Banking Union within the EU. 
The substance and scope of any such (new or amended) laws and regulations as well as the manner in 
which they are (or will be) adopted, enforced or interpreted may increase the Issuer's financing costs 
and could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. As a result, this could adversely impact on the Issuer's ability to pay interest and/or principal 
under the Notes. 
Risks in connection with the Issuer's business model  
The Issuer's business model depends on the competitiveness of its services. 
It cannot be excluded that there may be competitors on the market who offer services similar to those 
of the Issuer and who are able to acquire customers and generate profits faster and more successfully 
with cheaper and/or better offers than the Issuer. This could lead to the Issuer's failure to plan, which 
could have an adverse effect on its business, assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss. 
There is also a risk that the services and business of the Issuer may not be competitive. The services 
and business of the Issuer are in global competition with similar or comparable services and business. 
Due to changes in customer requirements, the continuous introduction of new products to the market 
and/or constantly evolving product standards, the Issuer's services and business may become obsolete, 
unattractive to customers or otherwise uncompetitive. This intense competition could result in lower 
profit margins, lower revenues and a lower market share. If the Issuer does not succeed in asserting 
itself in this environment and in developing sufficient economic projects, this could have a significant 
negative impact on the success of its business activities. 
Risks in connection with the fact that the Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, 
suppliers and distribution partners 
The Issuer intends to conduct transactions (sales) with customers, suppliers and dealers as part of its 
business activities. There is a risk that one or more of these counterparties may become insolvent and 
be unable to meet their obligations to the Issuer. In particular, if one of the Issuer's principal clients 
becomes insolvent or in financial difficulty, the Issuer may not be able to collect any outstanding debt 
and may be required to write off the debt. Significant or recurring delays in receiving payments or 
defaults could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer. 
Furthermore the Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of cooperation partners, where the Issuer has 
granted security by way of (a) guarantee(s) in connection with the issuing of notes (see section "Risks 
related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry"). 
Any of the aforementioned circumstances could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net assets, 
financial position and results of operations. 
Risks in connection with third parties involved 
The Issuer is party to contracts with a number of third parties who have agreed to perform several 
services in relation to the Notes during its lifespan (such as the Listing Agents, the Paying Agents, the 
Fiscal Agents as well as the Registrar and Transfer Agents). If any such third party fails to perform its 
obligations under any relevant agreement, for example in case a Paying Agent omits to pay out interest 
and/or principal) the Issuer may either not be in the position to find an adequate service provider which 
is able to replace the defaulting party and/or may not be able to claim any compensation or 
reimbursement (unless legal proceedings have been initiated) for such contractual default. Both 
consequences may have negative effects on the Issuer's net assets, financial position and results of 
operations and/or the Issuer's business procedures and operations.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
3. 
LEGAL AND TAX RELATED RISKS 
Risks in connection with potential changes in the applicable tax framework 
The future development of the Issuer's assets, financial and profit position, inter alia, depends – among 
other circumstances – on the tax framework applicable to it. Every future change in legislation, 
relevant decision of the competent fiscal courts and/or the tax authorities' administrative practice may 
have a negative impact on the Issuer's business. 
Risks in connection with cetain tax related circumstances 
The Issuer is subject to certain tax risks. The development of current tax law is subject to constant 
change – also in its administrative application. The tax information presented here therefore reflects 
the current legal situation, current case law, published views of the tax authorities as well as the 
comments made by the tax literature on the date of the Base Prospectus. Future changes in the law, 
differing interpretations of the law by tax authorities and courts cannot be ruled out. 
The tax burden of the Issuer could increase in particular as a result of future tax audits, new 
assessments by the competent authorities and possible changes to the applicable tax laws and 
regulations. The registered office of the Issuer is currently located in Malta. From time to time, 
however, it is subject to routine tax audits by tax authorities in the countries in which it operates. 
Future tax audits may lead to additional taxes. In addition, the tax authorities may not be able to accept 
the deductibility of some interest in the context of the cap or transfer pricing rules. In this case, tax 
arrears may be incurred during tax audits or as part of the normal taxation process (through tax 
assessment notices). In addition, changes to the tax regulations are possible. The interpretation of tax 
laws by courts or tax authorities (including courts or tax authorities in foreign jurisdictions in which 
the Issuer may operate in the future) may also have a material adverse effect on the business of the 
Issuer. Any further tax or interest payments resulting from such tax audits or other decisions of the 
relevant tax authorities could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Any of the aforementioned circumstances could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net assets, 
financial position and results of operations. 
Risks in connection with tax-loss offsetting 
The Issuer's ability to use its net operating losses, or NOLs, in Malta and in other jurisdictions is 
currently limited and may be further limited. In particular, under current corporate income tax rules, 
tax losses can not carried back and carried forward for an undefinite period of time. If the indefinite 
loss-carry forward might not longer apply in Malta, this might have then an impact on the taxes to be 
paid by the Issuer, i.e. they might be higher and as such this might have an adverse effect on the 
financial situation of the Issuer. 
Risks in connection with potential changes in Consumer Protection Laws 
Changes in consumer protection laws or the interpretation of consumer protection laws by courts or 
governmental authorities could limit the fees that the Issuer may charge for certain of its services in 
connection with its role as arranger or sub-arranger and thereby result in lower commission income 
being received by the Issuer. Moreover, any changes in consumer protection laws or the interpretation 
of such laws by courts or governmental authorities could impair the Issuer's ability to offer certain 
products and services or to enforce certain clauses in contracts with clients. This may reduce the 
Issuer's net income and have an adverse effect on its results of operations. 
4. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
Risks in connection with the Issuer's business

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
The core business of the Issuer consists of acting as arranger or sub-arranger in respect of the issuance 
of certain notes (or other debt instruments) by, inter alia, Timberland Securities SPC (acting for the 
account of several separate segregated portfolios), Timberland Securities II SPC (acting for the 
account of several separate segregated portfolios) and Timberland Investment S.A. (acting for the 
account of several separate compartments). As the remuneration is basically calculated on the 
respective price of the notes (or other debt instruments) issued by the afore-mentioned companies and 
then distributed to investors, the Issuer consequently will be affected in case of a decline in investors' 
demand for such notes (or such other debt instruments, as the case may be) issued by Timberland 
Securities SPC, Timberland Securities II SPC, Timberland Investment S.A. This may impact the 
ability of the Issuer to service interest on the Notes and to repay principal. 
In addition, not only the Issuer is dependent on a constant demand for the notes or debt instruments, 
but it depends on the respective issuer's ability to pay the applicable arranger fees owed to the Issuer. 
Any payment default with respect to arranger fees to which the Issuer is entitled may have an adverse 
effect on the ability to repay any principal or interest under the Notes. The services performed as an 
arranger or sub-arranger is not exclusive to Timberland Securities SPC, Timberland Securities II SPC 
or Timberland Investment S.A., which may use from case to case or generally an other arranger, which 
include related parties (such as other arrangers) and third parties. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is a shareholder of the share capital of various other companies, inter alia the 
E-Stream GmbH & Co KGaA, which is active in the field of (so-called) E-mobility and residential and 
industrial energy storage systems. In this context the Issuer has, and may as well in the future, (directly 
or indirectly) invest by way of debt instruments, hybrid instruments and equity instruments into the E-
Stream GmbH & Co KGaA, E-Stream Energy GmbH & Co KG and various other companies. 
According to the latter, the Issuer not only depends on the ability of the E-Stream GmbH & Co KGaA, 
E-Stream Energy GmbH & Co KG and the respective various other companies to repay the relevant 
loaned amount or debt or equity capital injections but furthermore depends on the business model of 
E-Stream GmbH & Co KGaA, E-Stream Energy GmbH & Co KG and the various other companies. 
Risks in connection with security granted for certain issuers 
The Issuer may, with a view to increasing the marketability of notes or other debt instruments issued 
by other issuers, such as (inter alia) Timberland Securities SPC, Timberland Securities II SPC, 
Timberland Investment S.A., E-Stream Energy GmbH & Co KG (each a Guaranteed Issuer), and/or 
any other securitisation vehicle or Issuer in respect of which the Issuer may act as arranger or sub-
arranger in the future (a Future Securitisation Vehicle and a Future Issuer) – without necessarily 
receiving a remuneration – (i) guarantee the repayment obligations of a Guaranteed Issuer in respect 
of the aggregate principal amount of bonds (or other debt instruments) issued by a Guranteed Issuer 
and/or to grant security interests over its assets in order to secure such repayment obligations, or (ii) 
guarantee the repayment obligations of one or more of the portfolios and/or compartments of a 
Guaranteed Issuer, and/or to grant security interests over its assets in order to secure such repayment 
obligations, or (iii) guarantee the repayment obligations of a Future Securitization Vehicle and/or grant 
security interests over its assets in order to secure such repayment obligations, and/or (iv) to grant 
security interests over its assets to one or more banks in order to procure that such banks guarantee the 
repayment obligations of a Guaranteed Issuer and/or a Future Securitization Vehicle. 
In the event that a respective Guaranteed Issuer and/or any Future Securitization Vehicle defaults on 
its applicable payment obligations under the notes which have been guaranteed and/or secured in the 
instances prescribed above, this may impact the ability of the Issuer to service interest on the Notes 
and to repay principal. 
As of the date of this Base Brospectus, the Issuer is acting as guarantor to a bond issued by E-Stream 
Energy GmbH & Co KG in an amount of up to EUR 8 million (plus interest and potential additional 
costs in connection with said bond) which has a maturity date of 15 November 2029. 
Risks in connection with the competitive environment the Issuer is performing its business in

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
The Issuer faces competition in all aspects of its business and competes with a number of large 
international financial institutions and other local competitors in the markets in which it operates 
including Malta, the Cayman Islands and Luxembourg. In particular, the trend towards consolidation 
in the global financial services industry (which has increased due to the last financial and economic 
crisis), is creating competitors with extensive ranges of product and service offerings, increased access 
to capital and greater efficiency and pricing power. These global financial institutions may be more 
appealing to customers because of their larger international presence or financial resources. In addition, 
in all markets, the Issuer also faces competition from established local financial service providers 
which operate a larger number of branches, offer customers a broad range of banking and financial 
products and services, and benefit from relationships with a large number of existing customers. 
If the Issuer is unable to respond to the competitive pressures in these markets, it may suffer a reduction 
in its market share in important sectors of its business or incur losses, and its financial condition and 
operational results may be adversely affected. 
The Issuer may not be in a position to successfully attract and retain qualified employees  
The Issuer believes that successful operations depend as well on its ability to recruit and retain highly 
qualified technical, managerial and marketing personnel who are familiar with key customers, have 
existing customer relationships and are experienced in the Issuers industry. The Issuer plans to 
establish and expand its own workforce, and Issuer's success will depend in part on its ability to recruit, 
retain and develop highly qualified personnel, with the required specific background. Competition for 
such well-trained and qualified employees is intense, and there can be no guarantee that efforts to 
retain and motivate managers and key personnel or to attract and retain other highly qualified 
employees will be successful in the future. To what extent the Issuer will succeed in recruiting and 
retaining the required specialists and executives who are necessary to effectively manage the business 
in the future or to develop the business model in line with the corporate strategy cannot be reliably 
predicted at this time. Due to the difficulties in recruiting specialists and executives for the Issuer's 
industry, an unsuccessful recruitment and personnel strategy may mean that Issuer's business activities 
cannot be built up and expanded as planned due to a lack of personnel. 
5. 
OTHER RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL SITUATION 
Risks in connection with the Issuer's limited operating history 
The Issuer was incorporated on 30 January 2015 and therefore has a limited operating history that can 
be evaluated as a basis for the Issuer's potential performance and the ability to achieve its investment 
objectives. Consequently, the possibility to assess the Issuer's business plan is limited. 
Therefore, any investment in the Notes is subject to the uncertainties associated with the business 
model and any related operational misjudgement may have a direct effect on the ability of the Issuer 
to meet its obligations in respect of the repayment of principal and interest under the Notes. 
Risks in connection with the dependency on key personnel 
The operations of the Issuer are dependent on the abilities of the members of its Board of Directors. If 
one or more of such persons are unable or unwilling to continue in their present position, the Issuer 
might not be able to replace them within a short term and this could affect the profitability of the 
Issuer's operations. 
Risks in connection with the global spread of SARS-CoV-2 and the associated outbreak of the 
COVID-19 pandemic 
The global spread of SARS-CoV-2 and the associated outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic have 
caused far-reaching disruptions to the global economy, the extent and end of which are currently not 
foreseeable. A global recession could be imminent. The Issuer considers itself exposed to risks and

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
associated negative influences with regard to its economic situation as well as to sales, earnings and 
liquidity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
SARS-CoV-2 has spread throughout the world within a very short period of time and has substantially 
disrupted large parts of the global economic and financial markets. In particular, the target markets in 
Europe, which are important for the Issuer, were seriously disrupted by the outbreak and the associated 
containment measures (such as quarantine measures, plant closures, travel and contact restrictions). A 
global recession is generally expected, which is already emerging in many countries. An economic 
downturn is typically characterized by a significant decline in investment and demand. In many 
industries, production has been – and in some cases still is – stopped completely or at least partially. 
A lack of income and declines in earnings and profits force many companies to introduce short-time 
working, to lay off workers and not to extend fixed-term em-ployment contracts, which further slows 
down private consumption and the willingness to invest. These factors are exacerbated by the rapidly 
changing global circumstances of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertainty about the further course 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, which could lead to an increase in the propensity to save in the private 
and commercial sector for security and precautionary reasons. A stagnation or decline in investment 
could lead to lower sales and services provided by the Issuer. An overall decline in demand from 
private and commercial customers could also indirectly have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
business.  
The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and other events beyond the Issuer's control will 
depend on future developments that are highly uncertain at this time, including new information and 
knowledge that may become known about the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the measures to 
contain SARS-CoV-2 or its effects.  
It is certain that due to the uncertain duration and consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, the effects 
on the Issuer's sales, earnings and liquidity for the current fiscal year 2022 and possibly beyond cannot 
be quantified at present. In view of the current development in connection with COVID-19, the 
situation in many of the Issuer's target markets is challenging. The Issuer expects that the COVID-19 
pandemic will have a significant impact on revenues, earnings and liquidity in fiscal year 2022 and 
possibly beyond. 
Risks in connection with the integration of potential future acquisitions 
The Issuer may in the future seek to make one or more acquisitions to support its business objectives 
and complement the development of its business in existing and new geographic markets. Such 
strategic transaction(s) would, if pursued, demand significant management attention and will require 
the Issuer to divert financial and other resources that would otherwise be available for its existing 
business. Furthermore, prospective investors should note that the benefits of potential future 
acquisitions may take longer to realise than expected and may not be realised fully, or at all, there can 
be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to successfully pursue and complete the acquisition of any 
future target(s), and there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to identify all actual and 
potential liabilities to which any target company is exposed prior to the acquisition thereof.  
Any of these factors could, in the event that an acquisition is pursued, lead to unexpected losses for 
the Issuer which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Risks in connection with certain financial instruments issued by the Issuer 
The Issuer has issued certain loss-absorbing financial instruments (specific "LAFI"). As a result, on 
the one hand, in accordance with the terms and conditions for the LAFI, the book value ("current 
nominal amount" or "current principal amount") of these LAFI of the issuer were reduced as of 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. The terms and conditions of the securities issued by the 
Issuer provide that payments on these notes are dependent on the balance sheet result of the Issuer, i.e.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
the securities are subject to a depreciation regime and have other loss-absorbing properties in 
accordance with the respective securities terms and conditions. 
To the extent that the Issuer incurs an annual net loss, the holders of the relevant LAFI-Notes 
participate in such loss in the proportion in which their current nominal amount (as reduced and/or 
increased, as the case may be, in the Issuer's previous financial years) is in relation to the total book 
value of all loss-carrying components of the Issuer. The current nominal amount may and is written 
down accordingly in such LAFI-instruments. Following an annual net loss, a corresponding reduction 
in the nominal amount of the current nominal amount, which corresponds to the amount of the LAFI-
note holders' share of the annual net loss, must be made. 
Therefore, the Issuer was and is not obliged to make payments on these specific LAFI-Notes currently. 
The current nominal amount of these LAFI-Notes has been reduced to zero euros, so that no further 
repayment of the capital (or the current nominal amount) has to be made. The reduction of the book 
value of the LAFI-Notes had also and may have in future as well an adverse effect on any future 
payment claims of the LAFI-Noteholders under the specific Notes and on the market price and value 
of the LAFI-Notes, i.e. if they are listed and/or traded on one or more exchanges such as one or more 
MTF-market. As long as the book value of the notes has not been reinstated from future profits of the 
issuers, payments on the maturity date in respect of the current nominal amount are excluded in 
subsequent financial years and in the event of extraordinary termination by the issuer for regulatory or 
tax reasons, the redemption amount would correspond to the reduced book value of these LAFI-notes 
of the issuer as determined in the issuer's balance sheet for the financial year of the issuer which is 
relevant for the maturity date in respect of the respective LAFI-note. As payments on the LAFI-Notes 
are dependent on the Issuer's net profit or loss for the year and taking into account the provisions of 
the ranking set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities ("Ranking"), interest and principal 
payments on the LAFI-Notes may also be made in subsequent interest periods and, under certain 
circumstances, the LAFI-Notes may be redeemed at a current principal amount which is less than the 
principal amount. 
In future business years there may be due to potential earnings the risk, that these LAFI-Notes will 
have to be written up towards its nominal amount ith the effect, that this may have a negative effect 
on the financial situation of the issuer and its profit and loss situation, especially that the repayment 
amount and total indebtness of the issuer may raise due to such LAFI-instruments even without issuing 
further or beyond the nominal amount of additionally issued (LAFI-) Notes.  
6. 
INTERNAL CONTROL RISKS 
Risks in connection with internal risk management processes 
The Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may in the future not be fully effective in 
mitigating the Issuer's risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, 
including risks that the Issuer may fail to identify or anticipate. Furthermore, audits or other regular 
reviews of the risk management procedures and methods may, in the future, detect weaknesses or 
deficiencies in the Issuer's risk management systems. In the event that the Issuer's risk management 
systems fail to identify, anticipate or correctly evaluate risks to which the Issuer may be exposed, the 
Issuer may experience material unanticipated losses, which could have an adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and operational results. 
Risks in connection with operational risk 
The Issuer is exposed to operational risk, which is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed 
internal processes, human errors, malfunctioning systems or from external events, including in 
particular legal, regulatory and compliance risk. The Issuer is also susceptible to, among other things, 
operational errors, clerical or record-keeping errors and errors resulting from faulty computer or 
telecommunications systems.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Any inadequacy of the Issuer's internal processes or systems in detecting or containing such risks as 
aforesaid could have a material adverse effect on Issuer's business, financial condition, operation 
results and prospects. 
Risks in connection with the difficulty of recruiting new qualified personnel 
The Issuer's ability to enter new markets (and, to some extent, the Issuer's existing operations), depend 
on its ability to recruit additional talented individuals with the necessary qualifications and level of 
experience in financial services. Increasing competition for labour in the Issuer's core markets from 
other international financial institutions may make it more difficult for the Issuer to attract and retain 
qualified employees and may lead to rising labour costs in the future. If the Issuer is unable to attract 
and retain new talent in key strategic markets or if competition for qualified employees increases its 
labour costs, this could have a negative impact on the Issuer. 
II. 
SPECIAL AND MATERIAL RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO ALL NOTES 
Market Price Risk and Credit Spread Risks 
The market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of interest rate levels, the 
policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the supply and demand for 
the relevant type of Notes. The market price of the Notes may also be negatively affected by an 
increase in the Issuer's credit spreads, i.e. the difference between yields on the Issuer's debt and the 
yield of government bonds or swap rates of similar maturity. The Issuer's credit spreads are mainly 
based on its perceived creditworthiness but also influenced by other factors such as general market 
trends as well as supply and demand for such Notes. 
Risks related to the offer to the public and/or admission of the Notes to trading on a regulated 
market or an exchange-regulated MTF market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial 
markets. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes 
having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive 
to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies 
or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors or are 
not admitted for trading on the regulated market, the "Euro MTF" market or another established 
securities exchange. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest (distributions) on the Notes in the relevant Specified 
Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversion if an investor's financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a 
result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
In addition, there is the risk that the Specified Currency is or becomes illiquid and/or subject to 
currency restrictions including conversion restrictions and exchange controls imposed by authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Specified Currency. The applicable Final Terms may determine that 
payments under the Notes may be made in another currency as the Specified Currency due to certain 
currency restrictions or the illiquidity of the Specified Currency. In such cases the Noteholders could 
be exposed to specific risks connected to the currency in which payments are actually made. Investors 
may also suffer disadvantages and losses due to the circumstance that they do not receive payment in 
the Specified Currency, e.g. if amounts in the Specified Currency are needed to fulfil own payment 
obligations in the Specified Currency. 
Such currency risks generally depend on factors over which the Issuer and the Noteholder have no 
control, such as economic and political events and the supply of and demand for the relevant 
currencies. In recent years, rates of exchange for certain currencies have been highly volatile, and such 
volatility may be expected to continue in the future. Fluctuations in any particular exchange rate that 
have occurred in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations in the rate that may 
occur during the term of any of the Notes.  
No limit with respect to debt increase in the future 
No restriction applies with respect to the amount of debt that the Issuer may borrow on an equal footing 
or with priority with the Notes. Any assumption of additional liabilities by the Issuer which are not 
subordinated to the Notes increases the debt of the Issuer and may reduce the amount that the 
Noteholders of the Notes will receive on their claims in the event of the liquidation or insolvency of 
the Issuer. 
Meeting of Noteholders 
In the event that the Issuer intends to amend the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, unless it is only 
an editorial change, it shall call a meeting of Noteholders for approval. Defined majorities of 
Noteholders may bind all Noteholders including those that did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who attended and voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The majority 
of the Noteholders represented at a creditors' meeting may pass adverse resolutions for all investors; 
the Noteholders' rights of termination are excluded in certain cases prior to creditors' meetings. The 
Terms and Conditions provide that Noteholders may adopt certain measures, in particular amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions, by a majority vote binding on all Noteholders. The resolutions are also 
binding on creditors who did not participate in the adoption of the resolution or voted against it. 
Meetings of Noteholders may be quorate (if it is a second meeting) if only one Noteholdersis 
represented or, in respect of resolutions requiring a qualified majority, if at least 25% of 
Noteholdersare represented. A Noteholders is therefore subject to the risk that he is bound by 
resolutions to which he has not consented and may thereby lose rights from the mandatory convertible 
bonds against his will. 
Changes in interest rates 
Investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Notes. A Noteholder is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note 
falls as a result of changes in the market rate of interest. While the rate of interest of a fixed rate note 
is fixed during the life of such Note, the current rate of interest in the capital markets (so-called market 
rate of interest) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market rate of interest changes, the price of 
a fixed rate note also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market rate of interest increases, the 
price of a fixed rate note typically falls, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the 
market rate of interest. If the market rate of interest falls, the price of a fixed rate note typically 
increases, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market rate of interest. If the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Noteholder of a fixed rate note holds such Note until maturity, changes in the market rate of interest 
are without relevance to such Noteholder as the Note will be redeemed at the principal amount of such 
Note. 
Currency risk 
A Noteholder denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange 
rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various 
factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks. 
A change in the value of any currency other than euro against the euro, for example, will result in a 
corresponding change in the euro value of a Note denominated in a currency other than euro and the 
euro value of interest and principal payments, if any, made in accordance with the terms of such Note. 
If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro correspondingly rises, the price of the 
Note and the value of interest and principal payments, if any, made thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
Liquidity-providing activities 
The Issuer, any of its affiliates and/or third parties may act as a liquidity-provider for the Notes. 
Liquidity-providing means to quote bid and ask prices continuously or from time to time at which the 
relevant liquidity-provider is willing to trade the Notes in a certain volume and at a certain price. 
Liquidity-providing, carried out especially by the Issuer, any of its affiliates and/or third parties, may 
increase the liquidity of the Notes, thereby making them more marketable, which may have a positive 
impact on the value of the Notes. In case no liquidity-providing activities should be carried out, the 
market for the Notes may be less liquid. Consequentley, the Noteholders would be dependend on the 
possibility to sell their Notes mainly via the stock market or over-the counter but do not have the 
additional opportunity to sell the Notes to a liquidity-provider.  
Change of law 
The respective Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Luxembourg law respective German 
law (for the German Fixed Rate Bearer Notes) and, with respect to certain provisions, Maltese Law 
now in force. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change 
in applicable laws or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and thus to the legal 
enforceability of the Terms and Conditions on the part of the Noteholders. 
Credit ratings and other ratings 
Any rating which may, in the future, be assigned to the Notes, may not adequately reflect all 
risks of the investment in such Notes. Equally, ratings may be suspended, downgraded or 
withdrawn. Such suspension, downgrading or withdrawal may have an adverse effect on the 
market value and trading price of the Notes. A (credit) rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. A 
downgraded or withdrawal of a rating may result in a decrease of the price of the Notes. 
Inflation Risk 
Inflation causes the rate of return on assets (such as the Notes and income deriving therefrom) to 
decrease in value. Inflation risk thus relates to the possibility that the value of assets (such as the Notes 
and income therefrom) will decrease as inflation reduces the purchasing power of a currency. If the 
inflation rate exceeds the distribution paid on the Notes (if any), the yield on such Notes will become 
negative. 
Commissions to be paid by the Issuer

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Distribution commissions or other similar fees charged by the Issuer's distribution agents reduce 
the total amount of the net issue proceeds. Therefore, the issue proceeds available to the Issuer 
for the purpose of investing in financial instruments or other assets may be reduced accordingly. 
Costs relating to the purchase and sale of the Notes  
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) may be incurred in addition to the purchase or sale price of the Notes. To the extent that 
credit institutions are involved in the process for the purchase or sale of Notes, prospective investors 
should note that such credit institutions may charge commissions which are either fixed minimum 
commissions or pro-rata commissions, depending on the order value. In the event that additional 
parties are involved in the process for the purchase or sale of Notes (including, for instance, domestic 
dealers or brokers in foreign markets), Noteholders may also be charged brokerage fees, commissions 
and other fees and expenses. In addition to costs directly related to the purchase of Notes, investors 
may also be charged other costs, such as custody fees and the fees of any central securities depository 
with and through which any Notes may be dematerialised. Investors should inform themselves about 
any additional costs incurred in connection with, amongst others, the purchase, custody or sale of the 
Notes before investing in the Notes. Prospective investors should note that these costs may 
significantly reduce or eliminate any profits which may be derived from investing in the Notes. 
No full placement of the Notes guaranteed 
Offerings comprises typically a maximum volume of Notes. However, it is not certain that all Notes 
of a certain trance of Notes will be placed. Under certain circumstances, this may result in the Notes 
being issued only with a significantly lower volume. This could have a negative impact on the price 
development and liquidity of the Notes. 
Legality of purchase 
The Issuer has or assumes no responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by 
a potential investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation 
or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different) or for compliance by that potential investor 
with any laws, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. A potential investor may not rely 
on the Issuer, any distributor or financial intermediaries or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes. 
Loan-financed investments 
A potential investor that finances its investment in the Notes via a loan should not rely on the fact that 
the income generated by an investment in the Notes will suffice to repay the loan itself and the interest 
thereon. In the case of a loss of the investment (i.e. a (partial) non-payment with respect to interest and 
especially to principal), the investor would still have to repay the loan and the interest thereon. Hence, 
the financial outcome of a loan-financed investment in the Notes would be even more adversely 
compared to an investment not being financed via lended money. 
Trading suspension, interruption or termination 
Trading in the Notes on regulated or unregulated markets and any other markets on which the Notes 
may be listed, may, depending on the rules applicable to such relevant markets, be suspended or 
interrupted by the relevant markets or by a competent regulatory authority (or stock exchange) upon 
the occurrence of a number of factors, including (but not limited): (i) violation of price limits, (ii) 
breach of statutory provisions, (iii) occurrence of operational problems with respect to the relevant 
markets, and/or (iv) if required in order to secure a functioning market or to safeguard the interests of 
Noteholders. Furthermore, trading in the Notes may be terminated, either upon decision of the relevant 
markets, upon the decision of a regulatory authority (or stock exchange), or upon application by the 
Issuer.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Noteholders should be aware that the Issuer has no influence on the suspension, interruption, or 
termination of trading in the Notes (other than where trading in the Notes is terminated upon the 
Issuer's decision), and Noteholders bear the risks connected with any trading suspension, interruption 
or termination. Noteholders should be aware that they may not be able to sell their Notes in such 
instances and should also note that during periods of suspension or interruption of trading, stock 
exchange quotations may not adequately reflect the price of the Notes. 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES AND/OR CLASSIFICATION OF 
THE NOTES 
Substitution of the Issuer and the Successor Issuer (as applicable) 
The Terms and Conditions may contain provisions for the substitution of another company as principal 
debtor (including, as applicable, a subsequent substitution of the debtor) under the Notes in place of 
the Issuer. The amounts which Noteholders should receive in respect of the Notes may be affected in 
the event that the Issuer substitutes another company for itself as issuer of the Notes under the Terms 
and Conditions. 
Risks Associated with Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes that qualify as subordinated notes. The obligations of the Issuer under 
subordinated notesconstitute unsecured and subordinated obligations and will rank junior in priority 
of payment to unsubordinated obligations. In the event of insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, such 
obligations will be subordinated to the claims of all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer so that in 
any such event no amounts will be payable in respect of such obligations until the claims of all 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer have been satisfied in full. The Issuer expects from time to time 
to incur additional indebtedness or other obligations that will constitute senior indebtedness, and the 
subordinated notes do not contain any provisions restricting the Issuer's ability to incur senior 
indebtedness. Although the subordinated notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes 
which are not so subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor will lose all or some of its investment 
should the Issuer become insolvent since its assets would be available to pay such amounts only after 
all of its senior creditors have been paid in full. 
Subordinated notes are intended to qualify as mutatis mutandis tier 2 capital instruments within the 
meaning of Article 63 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended ("CRR"). This treatment is irrespective, wheather the 
Issuer is subject to regulation and supervision in terms of CRR or not. 
The subordinated notes will be written down. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of the 
subordinated notes may not follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. 
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some, of the subordinated notes at its option at any time prior to 
maturity upon the occurrence of certain regulatory events. If the Issuer redeems the subordinated notes, 
holders of such Notes may not be able to reinvest the amounts they receive upon redemption at a rate 
that will provide the same rate of return as did the investment in the subordinated notes. 
In the event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency, composition or other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer, the obligations under the subordinated notes will be 
fully subordinated to the claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and as the case may be as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms subordinated obligations within the meaning of mutatis mutandis 
applied Section 39 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung, "InsO") (or any successor 
provision thereof) of the Issuer which do not qualify as own funds (within the meaning of mutatis 
mutandis the CRR) in the event of a dissolution, liquidation, insolvency, composition or other 
proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer,

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Accordingly, in any such event no amounts shall be payable in respect of the subordinated notes until 
the claims of unsubordinated creditors and subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims do not 
qualify as own funds (within the meaning of the CRR), have been satisfied in full. Accordingly, the 
Noteholder's rights under the Notes will rank behind all unsubordinated creditors and certain 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer in the event of the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer. The 
Issuer's payment obligations under the Notes will rank pari passu amongst themselves and, subject to 
applicable law from time to time, with all claims in respect of existing and future instruments classified 
as mutatis mutandis tier 2 capital (Ergänzungskapital) of the Issuer and the payment of interest 
payments thereunder. 
The only remedy against the Issuer available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts which have 
become due in respect of the subordinated notes will be the institution of legal proceedings to enforce 
payment of the amounts. In an insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, any Noteholder may only 
claim amounts due under the subordinated notesafter the Issuer has discharged or secured in full (i.e. 
not only with a quota) all claims that rank senior to the subordinated notes. 
The Issuer may not have enough assets remaining to pay amounts due under the relevant subordinated 
notes and the Noteholders of such subordinated notes could lose all or some of the investment. No 
Noteholder may set off any claims arising under the subordinated notes against any claims that the 
Issuer may have against the Noteholder. 
Functionality of the relevant Clearing System, Distribution Agents and/or any relevant Central 
Securities Depositary 
The transfer or registration (as applicable with respect to each type of Notes) of Notes through different 
clearing systems, such as Clearstream Banking AG and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. and/or Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. and/or the Central Securities Depository of the Malta Stock Exchange and/or OeKB 
CSD GmbH and/or SIX SIS AG and/or Euronext Securities Milan (Monte Titoli S.P.A.) and/or in 
the case of registered Notes through distribution agents and further distributors as appointed from time 
to time. The Issuer does not assume any responsibility as to whether the Notes are actually transferred 
to the securities portfolio of the relevant investor. Noteholders have to rely on the functionality of the 
relevant clearing system and, in the case of registered Notes, on the systems of the relevant distribution 
agents, other distributors appointed from time to time and, in the case of series of Notes issued in 
dematerialised form, any central securities depositary with and through which any series of Notes may 
be dematerialised. In the event of operational failure of such functionality and/or systems, including 
the systems of any central securities depository, Noteholders can be negatively affected.  
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE INTEREST AND REDEMPTION STRUCTURES OF CERTAIN 
TYPES OF NOTES 
Risks associated with Notes providing for a fixed interest rate 
Notes bearing or paying a fixed rate of interest (or distribution, as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
either will pay or, depending on the fulfilment of certain conditions, may pay a fixed amount of interest 
on specified interest payment dates. Investors who purchase Notes with a fixed rate of interest are 
exposed to the risk that market interest rates rise and the fixed amount of interest they receive is less 
than the amount they would have received had they invested in a Note with a floating rate of interest. 
The market value of Notes with a fixed rate of interest will decrease if potential investors perceive that 
they can achieve a greater return on an investment by investing in alternative products. If an investor 
holds a Note bearing a fixed rate of interest through to maturity, changes in the market interest rate 
may become less relevant to the value as the maturity date approaches. The same risk applies to fixed 
rate notes providing for an increasing coupon. 
Early redemption

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
The Notes are redeemable in whole at the option of the Issuer prior to the relevant maturity date (in 
cases there is a maturity date) in the instances prescribed in the Terms and Conditions. Any decision 
by the Issuer as to whether it will redeem the Notes will be made at the absolute discretion of the 
Issuer. The feature allowing for optional redemption may condition the market value of the Notes and 
there can be no guarantee that the Noteholders may be able to re-invest the proceeds of such 
redemption at equivalent or higher rates of return. 
In addition, the Issuer may, subject to the relevant Final Terms, always have the right to redeem the 
Notes if it is required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of 
taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions.  
Further, prospective investors should note that, in the event that the Issuer were to be deemed to fall 
within the remit of the CRR or CRR II, any redemption before the applicable maturity date would be 
subject to the prior permission of the competent authority pursuant to Article 78(1) of the CRR or 
CRR II respectively. Under the CRR or CRR II, the competent authority may only permit institutions 
to redeem Tier 2 instruments such as the Notes if certain conditions prescribed by the CRR or CRR II 
are complied with. These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating 
to regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the 
competent authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit any redemption or repurchase. It is 
uncertain how the competent authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and standards 
may change during the maturity of the Notes. It is therefore difficult to predict whether, and if so, on 
what terms, the competent authority will grant its prior permission for any redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes. 
4. 
RISKS RELATED TO CERTAIN OTHER FEATURES OF THE NOTES 
Risks associated with Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount. Hence, the 
market value of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing notes with comparable maturities. In addition, a greater 
price volatility (especially in case of greater market price difference compared to notes not issued at a 
substantial discount or premium providing for smaller price spreads) may effect a Noteholder's 
investment strategy adversely as a sale of the Notes may even depend more on a (favorable and 
foreseeable) price development of the Notes. 
Risks associated with Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Notes which include a redemption option by the Issuer are likely to have a lower market value than 
similar securities which do not contain an Issuer redemption option. An optional redemption feature 
is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they may be redeemed. This may also be the case prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has the right to redeem the Notes prior to 
maturity. The Issuer may exercise its right to redeem the Notes if the yield on comparable Notes in the 
market falls which may result in the investor only being able to invest the redemption proceeds in 
Notes with a lower yield. If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will have the right to

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
redeem the Notes, if the Issuer is required to gross-up payments as a result of the imposition of certain 
taxes. If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity, a holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk 
that as a result of such early redemption its investment will have a lower than expected yield. 
Risks associated with Notes which allow for the substitution of the Issuer 
Subject to certain requirements, the Terms and Conditions contain provisions allowing for substitution 
of the Issuer through which the Issuer acts. Without prejudice to the requirements of any jurisdiction 
where any Notes are admitted to trading, for so long as any substitution of the Issuer or the office 
through which the Issuer acts may be subject to certain further conditions or requirements of such 
stock exchange or regulated market. Where any further conditions or requirements apply and the Issuer 
wishes to substitute itself or change the branch through which the Issuer acts, the Issuer may delist the 
relevant Notes from the relevant stock exchange or regulated market and is not obliged to list the Notes 
on any other stock exchange or regulated market. 
5. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE TAXATION OF THE NOTES 
FATCA associated risks 
Distribution payments on Notes, or profits realized by a Noteholder upon the sale or repayment of 
Notes, may be subject to taxation in the Noteholder's home jurisdiction or in other jurisdictions in 
which the Noteholder is required to pay taxes. The amount of taxation so payable is therefore subject 
to changes in tax law and to potential changes in their practical application (both of which may change 
to the disadvantage of investors). 
Besides the above, risks may occur in connection with the FATCA regime. Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code), an agreement entered into with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service pursuant to such sections of the Code, or an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and another jurisdiction in furtherance of such sections of the Code 
(including any non-US laws implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (collectively 
referred to as FATCA) impose a new reporting regime and, potentially, a thirty per cent withholding 
tax with respect to (i) certain payments from sources within the United States (ii) so-called 'foreign 
pass-thru payments' made to certain non-US financial institutions that do not comply with this new 
reporting regime, and (iii) payments to certain investors that do not provide identification information 
with respect to interests issued by a participating non-US financial institution. 
The Issuer may be classified as a non-US financial institution for these purposes. If the Issuer becomes 
subject to withholding tax as a result, the monetary return of Noteholders may be affected. To the 
extent the Issuer suffers US withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the Issuer may take any action in 
relation to a Noteholder's investment to ensure that such withholding is economically borne by the 
relevant Noteholder whose failure to provide the necessary information or to become a participating 
FFI (i.e., foreign financial institution) gave rise to the withholding. 
Risks asscociated with stamp taxes 
Potential purchasers and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes 
or other documentary charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes 
are transferred and/or any asset(s) are delivered. Potential purchasers who are in any doubt as to their 
tax position should consult their own independent tax advisers. In addition, potential purchasers should 
be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from 
time to time. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply at any 
given time. 
Risks associated with Notes pursuant to which no so-called tax gross-up is paid 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that no  withholding tax gross-up is applicable, the Issuer is not

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
obliged to gross up any payments in respect of the Notes and all amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes shall be made with such deduction or withholding of taxes duties or governmental charges of 
any nature whatsoever imposed, levied or collected by way of deduction or withholding, if such 
deduction or withholding is required by law (including pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof ("FATCA") or pursuant to any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto). 
6. 
OTHER NOTES-RELATED RISKS 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Certain considerations relating to public offers of Notes 
As described in the applicable Final Terms, Notes may be distributed by means of a public offer made 
during an offer period specified in the applicable Final Terms. During such offer period, the Issuer 
and/or any other person specified in the applicable Final Terms may reserve the right to cancel such 
offer and/or to scale back applications for such offer in the event of over-subscription. In such 
circumstances, an applicant investor may not be issued any Notes or may be issued a number of Notes 
which is less than the amount for which such applicant investor applied. Any payments made by an 
applicant investor for Notes that are not issued to such applicant investor for any such reason will be 
refunded. However, there will be a time lag in making any reimbursement, no interest will be payable 
in respect of any such amounts. The applicant investor may be subject to reinvestment risk. 
Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer may, from time to time, act in other capacities with regard to the Notes, such as calculation 
agent, which allows the Issuer to make calculations in respect of the Notes (e.g. the amount of 
distributions to be paid) which are binding for the Noteholders.  
Where the Issuer acts as calculation agent or the calculation agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, including with 
respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to 
the Notes that may influence the amount receivable deliverable on redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have been previously published and filed with the Central Bank, shall be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. the Memorandum of Association of Timberland Securities Investment Ltd. dated 19 April 2016 (as 
amended from time to time); 
2. the audited Report and Financial Statements of Timberland Securities Investment plc for the period 
from 01 January 2020 to 31 December 2020; and 
3. the audited Report and Financial Statements of Timberland Securities Investment plc for the period 
from 01 January 2021 to 31 December 2021. 
 
In addition, 
 
the Memorandum of Association of Timberland Securities Investment Ltd. dated 19 April 2016 (as 
amended from time to time) can be found on the Issuer's website at: https://timberland-securities-
investment.com/dokumente/TSI_Memorandum_of_Association.PDF; 
 
the audited Report and Financial Statements of Timberland Securities Investment plc for the period 
from 01 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 can be found on the Issuer's website at: https://timberland-
securities-investment.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Timberland-Securities-Investments-Plc-
Annual-Accounts-2020.pdf; 
 
the audited Report and Financial Statements of Timberland Securities Investment plc for the period 
from 01 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 can be found on the Issuer's website at: https://timberland-
securities-investment.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Timberland-Securities-Investments-Plc-
Annual-Accounts-2021.pdf.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the Notes will be used for general corporate purposes or for the purpose of the general 
funding of the Issuer and/or will be utilized including, without limitation, directly or indirectly, by being on-
lent to group and/or related companies of the Issuer, including the repayment of debt, or otherwise as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION FOR NOTES 
Any terms and expressions not expressly defined in this section shall have the meaning given to such terms 
and expressions in the Terms and Conditions. 
I. 
BEARER NOTES 
Any bearer Note issued but not subscribed for by investors on its Issue Date will be subscribed for by 
the Issuer for no consideration and held by it for sale on the secondary market during the Offer Period. 
So long as any bearer Notes are held by the Issuer, any rights attached to such bearer Notes (such as 
financial rights and voting rights) will be suspended. All outstanding bearer Notes still held by the 
Issuer after the expiry of the Offer Period will be cancelled forthwith. 
Each investor in the bearer Notes which pays the issue price in Euro will, when subscribing for the 
bearer Notes offered by the Issuer, arrange for the payment of the amount to be invested in the bearer 
Notes to the account of the Issuer (the Issuer's Account) held with the Issuer's Account Bank (as 
defined in section "Description of the Parties" of this Base Prospectus). The amount of bearer Notes 
to be allocated to each investor will be determined on the subscription date by dividing the Issuer's 
Account Credit Amount (as defined below) by the issue price. Such amount will be rounded down to 
the nearest integral multiple of 1 (one). The Total Amount of Notes (as defined below) multiplied by 
the issue price will equal the aggregate Euro amount of bearer Notes subscribed by the relevant 
investor. The remainder between the Issuer's Account Credit Amount and the Total Subscription 
Amount (as defined below) (if any) will be reimbursed to the relevant investor. 
Each investor in the bearer Notes which pays the issue price in a currency other than Euro (a Foreign 
Currency) will, when subscribing for the bearer Notes offered by the Issuer, arrange for the payment 
of the amount to be invested in the bearer Notes in such Foreign Currency to an account held with a 
local branch of the Collecting Bank or an affiliated subsidiary or correspondent bank of the Collecting 
Bank in the relevant jurisdiction (each being referred to hereafter as a Branch) in the name and on 
behalf of the Issuer. The relevant Branch will arrange for the transfer of the subscription monies to an 
account of the Issuer held with the Collecting Bank (as defined in section "Description of the Parties" 
of this Base Prospectus). Upon instruction of the Issuer, the Collecting Bank will immediately convert 
the subscription monies into a Euro amount (the Euro Amount) taking into consideration the then 
applicable spot rate. Upon instruction of the Issuer, the Collecting Bank will transfer the Euro Amount 
to the Issuer's Account held with the Issuer's Account Bank. The amount of bearer Notes to be allocated 
to each investor will be determined on the subscription date by dividing the Issuer's Account Credit 
Amount by the issue price. Such amount will be rounded down to the nearest integral multiple of 1 
(one). The Total Amount of Notes (as defined below) multiplied by the issue price will equal the 
aggregate Euro amount of bearer Notes subscribed by the relevant investor. The remainder between 
the Issuer's Account Credit Amount and the Total Subscription Amount (as defined below) (if any) 
will be reimbursed to the relevant investor. 
The Issuer will regularly inform the Noteholders about the number of bearer Notes issued for no 
consideration or subscribed for by investors during the Offer Period by publishing the relevant 
information on its website (www.timberland-securities-investment.com). Such information is 
available free of charge, subject to prior registration on the website. The Issuer will notify the Central 
Bank of the result of the offering of bearer Notes at the end of the Offer Period.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
REGISTERED NOTES 
Subject to registered Notes issued in dematerialised form, any registered Note issued but not 
subscribed for by investors on its Issue Date will be subscribed for by the Issuer for no consideration 
and held by it for sale on the secondary market during the Offer Period. So long as registered Notes 
are held by the Issuer, any rights attached to such registered Notes (such as financial rights and voting 
rights) will be suspended. All outstanding registered Notes still held by the Issuer after the expiry of 
the Offer Period will be cancelled forthwith. 
Each investor in the registered Notes which pays the issue price in Euro will, when subscribing for the 
registered Notes offered by the Issuer, pay the amount to be invested in the registered Notes to an 
account held with the Collecting Bank in the name and on behalf of the Issuer. Upon instruction of the 
Issuer, the Collecting Bank will transfer the subscription monies to the Issuer's Account held with the 
Account Bank (any amount credited to an Issuer's Account being referred to hereafter as the Issuer's 
Account Credit Amount). The amount of registered Notes to be allocated to each investor will be 
determined on the subscription date by dividing the Issuer's Account Credit Amount by the issue price. 
Such amount will be rounded down to the nearest integral multiple of 1 (one) (this amount being 
referred to hereafter as the Total Amount of Notes). The Total Amount of Notes multiplied by the 
issue price will equal the aggregate Euro amount of registered Notes subscribed by the relevant 
investor (this amount being referred to hereafter as the Total Subscription Amount). The remainder 
between the Issuer's Account Credit Amount and the Total Subscription Amount (if any) will be 
reimbursed to the relevant investor.  
Each investor in the registered Notes which pays the issue price in a currency other than the Foreign 
Currency will, when subscribing for the registered Notes offered by the Issuer, pay the amount to be 
invested in the registered Notes in such Foreign Currency to an account held with a Branch in the name 
and on behalf of the Issuer. The relevant Branch will transfer the subscription monies to an account of 
the Issuer held with the Collecting Bank. Upon instruction of the Issuer, the Collecting Bank will 
immediately convert the subscription monies into a Euro Amount taking into consideration the then 
applicable spot rate. Upon instruction of the Issuer, the Collecting Bank will transfer the Euro Amount 
to the Issuer's Account held with the Issuer's Account Bank. The amount of registered Notes to be 
allocated to each investor will be determined on the subscription date by dividing the Issuer's Account 
Credit Amount by the issue price. Such amount will be rounded down to the nearest integral multiple 
of 1 (one). The Total Amount of Notes multiplied by the issue price will equal the aggregate Euro 
amount of registered Notes subscribed by the relevant investor. The remainder between the Issuer's 
Account Credit Amount and the Total Subscription Amount (if any) will be reimbursed to the relevant 
investor.  
The Issuer will regularly inform Noteholders about the number of registered Notes issued for no 
consideration or subscribed for by investors during the Offer Period by publishing the relevant 
information on its website (www.timberland-securities-investment.com). Such information is 
available free of charge, subject to prior registration on the website. The Issuer will notify the Central 
Bank of the result of the offering of registered Notes at the end of the Offer Period.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
This section "Description of the Notes" is an abstract description of the possible structures of instruments the 
Issuer may issue under this Base Prospectus. In accordance with this Base Prospectus and the applicable Terms 
and Conditions, the Issuer may issue either (i) Luxembourg fixed rate bearer notes, (ii) Luxembourg fixed rate 
registered notes, (iii) Maltese fixed rate registered notes and (iv) German fixed rate bearer notes. An overview 
of certain elements of the Notes is set out below. 
All capitalised terms in this section "Description of the Notes" which are not otherwise defined herein have 
the same meaning as in the respective Terms and Conditions. 
I. 
GENERAL FEATURES OF THE NOTES 
Form and Securitisation of bearer Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form only and may be represented by a Permanent Global Note or 
a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note. Notes in definitive form and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
Form and Ownership of registered Notes 
The Notes are in registered form. Ownership in respect of the Notes is established by the registration 
in the Issuer Register. Rights and title of the Noteholders (and its assignees in and to the Notes) shall 
be transferable only upon notation of such transfer in the Register. 
Form and Ownership of registered Notes in dematerialized Form 
The Notes are in registered and dematerialised form and will be represented in uncertificated form by 
the appropriate entry in the Electronic Register maintained on behalf of the Issuer at the CSD. 
Ownership in respect of the Notes is established by the appropriate entry in the Electronic Register. 
For as long as any of the securities issued by the company shall be and remain dematerialised under 
the Financial Markets Act (Cap 345 of the Laws of Malta) the terms and conditions relating to such 
securities including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, their issuance, transfer, 
exchange, redemption and or cancellation shall be governed in accordance with the applicable rules 
and procedures set out by the relevant central securities depository providing dematerialisation and 
any other provision shall apply only to the extent that it is not inconsistent with such rules and 
procedures. 
(Qualified) Subordination clause ((qualifzierte) Rangrücktrittserklärung) and pre-insolvency 
enforcement block (vorinsolvenzliche Durchsetzungssperre) 
The Notes may provide for a (qualified) subordination clause ((qualifizierte) Rangrücktrittserklärung) 
and may, in addition, provide for a pre-insolvency enforcement block (vorinsolvenzliche 
Durchsetzungssperre). In such scenario, the claims arising from the Notes create subordinated creditor 
rights in relation to claims of other creditors of the Issuer. This means that, in order to avoid over-
indebtedness (Überschuldung) within the meaning of § 17 German Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung) or imminent insolvency (drohende Zahlungsunfähigkeit) within the meaning of 
§ 18 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) or insolvency (Zahlungsunfähigkeit) within the 
meaning of § 19 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) as amended (pre-insolvency 
enforcement block) of the Issuer under insolvency law within the meaning of §§ 17, 18 and/or 19 
German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung), only satisfaction of lower-ranking claims until the 
claims of the non-lower-ranking insolvency creditors (see § 38 German Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung)) have been satisfied and in the event of liquidation proceedings being conducted 
pursuant to § 39 (2) German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung), the Issuer must have a right to 
claim subordination in relation to claims of other creditors of the Issuer with regard to all present and 
future claims of Noteholders arising from the Notes. These subordinated claims include claims with

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
respect to payment of interest and repayment of the capital. The respective subordination is agreed in 
such a way that all claims of Noteholders will only be satisfied in case, and subject to the fact, that all 
claims and demands of all existing and future creditors of the Issuer described in § 39 (1) Nos. 1 to 5 
German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) have been satisfied. 
The pre-insolvency enforcement block applies to the period before the opening of possible insolvency 
proceedings. Consequently, the Noteholder may already not demand fulfilment of existing claims 
arising from the Notes if the Issuer is over-indebted or insolvent or threatens to become so at the time 
of the Noteholder's demand for payment. 
With reference to the above, the pre-insolvency enforcement block can lead to a permanent, indefinite 
non-performance of the Noteholder's claims. 
This leads first of all to the fact that the Noteholder's claims are not satisfied until the claims of the 
non-lower-ranking insolvency creditors (see § 38 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung)) have 
been satisfied. All creditors who at the time of the opening of the insolvency proceedings have a 
justified claim to assets (here: a claim for payment) against the debtor (here: the Issuer) qualify as 
insolvency creditors. 
In addition, the Noteholder's claims will only be satisfied after the claims of the subordinate insolvency 
creditors (see § 39 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung)) have been satisfied, provided that 
distributable insolvency assets still exist. The subordinated claims within the meaning of § 39 (1) 
German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) are 
(1) 
the interest and default surcharges on claims of the creditors of the insolvency proceedings 
which have been running since the opening of the insolvency proceedings; 
(2) 
the costs incurred by the individual creditors of the insolvency proceedings by their 
participation in the proceedings; 
(3) 
fines, administrative fines and periodic penalty payments as well as such incidental 
consequences of a criminal offence or administrative offence which make it obligatory to pay 
money; 
(4) 
claims for free performance by the debtor; and 
(5) 
under the conditions laid down in paragraphs 4 and 5, claims for repayment of a shareholder's 
loan or claims arising out of legal acts economically equivalent to such a loan. 
The Noteholder may assert claims arising from the Notes, in particular the claim to payment of interest 
and repayment of the capital, outside of insolvency proceedings of the Issuer only from any (a) future 
profits, (b) a liquidation surplus or (c) from other free assets of the Issuer. 
However, the terms and conditions of the Notes do not include a waiver agreement or a declaration by 
the Noteholder of a waiver with regard to claims which exist in connection with the Notes in the 
Noteholder's favour. 
In the event of a payment by the Issuer in breach of a payment prohibition, the Issuer is entitled to 
demand repayment of the amount received from the payee and to take legal action. 
Thus, the payments under the Notes may, in case applicable according to the relevant Final Terms, be 
subject to the provisions relating to a (qualified) subordination clause ((qualifizierte) 
Rangrücktrittserklärung) 
and 
pre-insolvency 
enforcement 
block 
(vorinsolvenzliche 
Durchsetzungssperre).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Payment of Distributions and Interest 
The Notes to be issued under this Base Prospectus pay fixed amounts of distributions (or interest, as 
applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes provide for only one Rate of Distributions 
(or Interest Rate, as applicable) for each relevant period. Distributions (or interest) will be scheduled 
to be paid either annually or semi-annually (or as otherwise determinded in the Final Terms) in arrears. 
The respective amount of distributions (or interest) falls due for payment on the relevant Distribution 
Payment Date (or Interest Payment Date, as applicable). 
In addition (and if applicable to the relevant Final Terms), the Notes may (temporarily) pay an 
increased interest rate subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions stipulated in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The payment of distributions (or interest) may, in case applicable according to the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to the provisions relating to a (qualified) subordination clause ((qualifizierte) 
Rangrücktrittserklärung) 
and 
pre-insolvency 
enforcement 
block 
(vorinsolvenzliche 
Durchsetzungssperre). 
Governing Law 
The Notes issued in connection with Option I and Option II shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed exclusively in accordance with, Luxembourg law except for (i) the qualified subordination 
clause (if applicable) as governed by the provision Status (or Ranking, as applicable), which shall be 
applying mutatis mutandis in the meaning to the laws of Germany (unless mandatory rules and laws 
of another EU member state apply) and (ii) the provision entitled Meeting of Noteholders which shall 
be subject to the laws of Luxembourg (unless mandatory rules and laws of another EU member state 
apply). 
Notes issued in connection with Option III shall be governed by, and shall be construed exclusively in 
accordance with, Maltese law except for the qualified subordination clause (if applicable according to 
the relevant Final Terms) as governed by the provision Status, which shall be applying mutatis 
mutandis in the meaning to the laws of Germany (unless mandatory rules and laws of another EU 
member state apply). 
Noted issued in connection with Option IV shall be governed by, and shall be construed exclusively 
in accordance with, German law. 
II. 
SPECIAL FEATURES OF THE NOTES 
Status 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are unsecured and, if not otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, unsubordinated ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and pari passu with all other, present and future, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, unless such obligations are given priority under mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
In deviation to the above, the Notes may be set up as subordinated Notes. In this scenario, the Notes 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. This means that the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes will rank (i) junior to all present or future unsubordinated instruments or 
obligations of the Issuer, (ii) pari passu among themselves, and (iii) senior to all present or future 
obligations under any CRR or CRR II Instruments, and all other subordinated instruments or 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Redemption 
In case of Notes with a stated Maturity Date and subject to certain special events as determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at their Principal Amount at their stated maturity. 
Early Redemption 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for reasons of 
taxation or upon the occurrence of an event of default. In addition, the relevant Final Terms may 
specify a put option of the Noteholders. A put option gives the Noteholder the right to require the 
Issuer to redeem its Notes on a specified redemption date. 
Moreover, the Notes may include a call option of the Issuer. A call option gives the Issuer the right 
(but not the obligation) to redeem the Notes on specified call redemption date(s). The respective call 
redemption amount payable on exercise of the call option will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
Meeting of Noteholders 
The Notes contain provisions pursuant to which Noteholders may agree by resolution to amend the 
Terms and Conditions and to decide upon certain other matters regarding the Notes. Resolutions of 
Noteholders properly adopted by vote taken in a meeting in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
are binding upon all Noteholders. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Notes may provide for a mechanism to entitle the Issuer to substitute for itself as the Issuer another 
person. The latter mention legal mechanism is subject to certain mandatory requirements as stipulated 
in the relevant Final Terms. The aforementioned substitution may apply without the requirement of a 
given consent of the Noteholders.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
[Please note: The final Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including the complete relevant placeholders, 
will be included in "Part II – Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in the relevant Final Terms.] 
I. 
OPTION I – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LUXEMBOURG FIXED RATE BEARER 
NOTES 
1. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CLEARING SYSTEM 
1.1 
Currency, Denomination 
This tranche of [subordinated] fixed rate notes (the Note(s)) is being issued by Timberland Securities 
Investment plc (the Issuer) in [Euro (EUR)][British Pound (GBP)][Swiss Franc (CHF)][US Dollar 
(USD)][Hungarian Forint (HUF)][Polish Złoty (PLN)][Czech Koruna (CZK)][Croatian Kuna 
(HRK)][●] (the Specified Currency) in the aggregate principal amount of [up to] [●] (in words: [●]) 
in the denomination of [EUR][insert other currency code] [1,000][●] [(or the equivalent in other 
currencies)] (the Specified Denomination or the Principal Amount). 
1.2 
Form 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
1.3 
Global Notes 
[The Notes are represented by a permanent global note global note (the Global Note) without coupons. 
The Global Note shall bear the signatures of two authorised signatories of the Issuer [and shall be 
authenticated with a control signature of the Fiscal Agent]. Definitive Notes and coupons will not be 
issued.] 
[ 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary Global Note) 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a permanent global 
note (the Permanent Global Note and together with the Temporary Global Note, the Global 
Notes or a Global Note) without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall bear the signatures of two authorised signatories of the Issuer [and shall each 
be authenticated with a control signature of the Fiscal Agent]. Definitive Notes and coupons 
will not be issued. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date (the 
Exchange Date) not later than 180 calendar days after the date of issue of the Temporary 
Global Note. The Exchange Date for such exchange will not be earlier than 40 calendar days 
after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to the 
extent that certifications have been delivered to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners 
of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. 
persons (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note 
will be made only after delivery of such certifications. Any such certification received on or 
after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a 
request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this sub-paragraph (b) of 
Clause 1.3. Any Notes delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered 
only outside of the United States. 
]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
1.4 
Clearing System 
The Global Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System as central depository 
for securities until[, in case of the Permanent Global Note,] all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
have been satisfied. 
2. 
STATUS 
[The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves and pari passu with all other, present and 
future, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are given 
priority under mandatory provisions of statutory law.] 
[The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer.] 
[[Qualified] subordination clause: 
In the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
junior to all present or future unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer[.][;] 
[ 
(b) 
whereby: 
[(i) 
All claims under the Notes, including but not limited to the claims for payment of the 
Principal Amount[, the Call Redemption Amount] and the payment of distributions, 
applying mutatis mutandis in accordance with section 19 (2) sentence 2 of the German 
Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung, InsO) are subordinated to all claims of other 
current or future creditors in such a manner that any payments of principal and interest 
under the Notes may be demanded only after satisfaction of all other creditors ranking 
as stipulated in section 39 (1) nos. 1 to 5 InsO, i.e. at the ranking position stipulated in 
section 39 (2) InsO. A waiver with respect to the claims is not possible.]  
[[(ii)][●] 
Payments under the Notes may only be demanded from future annual net 
profits, from any liquidation surplus or from other disposable assets.] 
[[(iii)][●] 
The Noteholders may not demand satisfaction of their claims if this results, 
or threatens to result, in the Issuer becoming overindebted (überschuldet) or unable to 
pay its debts (zahlungsunfähig) within applying mutatis mutandis the meaning of 
German insolvency law.] 
[[(iv)][●] 
Paragraphs [(i)][●] [to] [(iii)][●] apply both before and after the opening of 
insolvency proceedings.] 
[[(v)][●] 
In all other respects, the Noteholders are entitled without restriction to assert 
their rights under the Notes and to claim performance.] 
[[(vi)][●] 
For the avoidance of doubt, this clause constitutes an agreement for the 
benefit of all creditors of the Issuer as a whole (Gläubigergesamtheit) applying mutatis 
mutandis within the meaning of section 328 (2) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch). Any cancellation of this subordination agreement without the creditors' 
cooperation will therefore be permitted only in the event that the criteria for insolvency 
(paragraph (iii)) are not met or no longer met in respect of the Issuer.] 
]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
[[(c)][●] 
pari passu among themselves[;][.]] 
[[(d)][●] 
senior to [all present or future (a) obligations under any [CRR Instruments] [and] [or] 
[CRR II Instruments], and (b)] all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
ranking or expressed to rank subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes[;][.]] 
[[(e)][●] 
Pre-insolvency enforcement block/non-payment 
Definitions: 
[Reason for opening insolvency proceedings refers to the inability to pay within the meaning 
of § 17 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung), imminent inability to pay within the 
meaning of § 18 German Insolvency Code and overindebtedness within the meaning of § 19 
German Insolvency Code. Impending overindebtedness does not constitute reasons for 
opening insolvency proceedings. 
If and to the extent that the partial or complete satisfaction of one or more or all of the 
Noteholders' claims (e.g. repayment, interest and other ancillary claims) would give rise to at 
least one reason for opening insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, the Noteholder cannot 
enforce this claim or these claims in a legally binding manner outside of insolvency 
proceedings (payment ban for the Noteholder). The payment prohibition applies for an 
indefinite period until such time as the fulfillment of the claim by the Issuer no longer gives 
rise to a reason for opening insolvency proceedings or all other creditors of the Issuer have 
agreed to the lifting of the payment prohibition. This means that claims arising from the Notes 
can only be legally enforced outside insolvency proceedings once the payment prohibition has 
been lifted.][insert other definition: [●]]  
[ 
Subordination Agreement 
In the event of insolvency proceedings on the assets of the Issuer or the liquidation of the 
Issuer, the claims arising from the Notes shall rank behind all non-subordinated claims and all 
subordinated claims within the meaning of § 39 para. 1 nos. 1 to 5 of the German Insolvency 
Code.][insert other definition: [●]] 
] 
] 
3. 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
3.1 
[Relevant] Distribution Rate and Distribution Payment Dates 
[In case the Notes are issued with a constant coupon insert: The Notes shall bear distributions on the 
Principal Amount at the rate of [●] per cent. per annum (the Rate of Distributions) (and with respect 
to each Calculation Period) from and including [●] (the Distribution Commencement Date) [to and 
excluding the Maturity Date]. Distributions shall be scheduled to be paid [annually][semi-
annually][quarterly][●] in arrears on [●] in each year (each such date, a Distribution Payment Date), 
commencing on [●]. Distributions will fall due in accordance with the provisions set out in Clause 4.5.] 
[In case the Notes are issued with an increasing coupon insert: The Notes shall bear distributions on 
their Principle Amount at the relevant rate as set out in the table below (the Relevant Rate of 
Distributions). Distributions shall be scheduled to be paid for each distribution period (each such 
period, a Distribution Period) on a distribution payment date (each such date, a Distribution 
Payment Date), commencing on [●] (the Distribution Commencement Date).

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Distribution Period 
from (and including) to (but excluding) 
Distribution Payment 
Date 
Relevant Rate of 
Distribution 
[specified dates] 
[specified dates] 
[specified dates] 
[specified rates] 
Distributions for each Distribution Period will fall due in accordance with the provisions as set out in 
Clause 4.5.] 
3.2 
Calculation of Amount of Distributions 
The amount of distributions shall be calculated by applying the [Relevant] Rate of Distributions to the 
Principal Amount multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market convention. 
3.3 
Default Distributions 
The Notes shall cease to bear distributions from the expiry of the calendar day preceding the due date 
for redemption (if the Notes are redeemed). If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
distributions shall continue to accrue on the Principal Amount of the Notes from and including the due 
date for redemption to but excluding the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of 
distributions established by law. This does not affect any additional rights that might be available to 
the Noteholders. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Payment of Principal 
Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, subject to Clause 4.3 below, to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
4.2 
Payment of Distributions 
Payment of distributions on the Notes shall be made, subject to Clause 4.3 below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System[, 
and in case of payment of distributions on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, upon due 
certification as provided for in Clause 1.3(b)]. 
4.3 
Manner of Payment 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
If the Issuer determines that it is impossible to make payments of amounts due on the Notes in freely 
negotiable and convertible funds on the relevant due date for reasons beyond its control or that the 
Specified Currency or any successor currency provided for by law (the Successor Currency) is no 
longer used for the settlement of international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payments in Euro on the relevant due date on the basis of the Applicable 
Exchange Rate. Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any additional amounts as a 
result of such payment.  
4.4 
Discharge 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
4.5 
Payment Business Day 
If the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes would otherwise fall on a calendar day which 
is not a Payment Business Day, the Noteholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Business Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further distributions 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
4.6 
References to Principal and Distributions 
References in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: the Principal Amount[, the Call Redemption Amount][, the Put Redemption 
Amount], the Early Redemption Amount, and any premium and any other amounts (other than 
distributions) which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to "distributions" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under Clause 8.1. 
5. 
REDEMPTION 
5.1 
Maturity Date 
Unless previously redeemed, or cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Principal Amount 
together with distributions, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption, on [●] (the 
Maturity Date). 
5.2 
[No] Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder 
[The Noteholders do not have a right to demand the early redemption of the Notes.]  
[ 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of a Noteholder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) together with accrued distributions, if 
any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date. [in case of the Early Redemption for Reasons 
of Taxation, or if the Notes are subject to the Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
other than tax reasons, insert: The Noteholder may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem 
such Note under Clause 5.] 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Noteholder must, not less than [[insert minimum number 
of days] Payment Business Day[s]] nor more than [[insert minimum number of days] Payment 
Business Day[s]] before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be 
made as specified in the Put Notice, send to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent an early 
redemption notice in written form (the Put Notice). In the event that the Put Notice is received 
after 5:00 p.m. [●] time on the [●] [[insert minimum period of notice to Issuer] Payment 
Business Day] before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised, and (ii) the International Security Code of such Notes, if 
any. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent 
and the Paying Agent[s] in the [English] [or] [German] language and includes further 
information. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
] 
5.3 
[No] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
 
[The Issuer does not have a right to redeem the Notes early.]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
[ 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem the Notes in 
whole, but not in part, on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the applicable Call Redemption 
Amount together with accrued distributions, if any, to, but excluding, the (relevant) Call 
Redemption Date.  
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Clause 10. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series number of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date which shall be not less than [insert minimum notice period, 
which shall not be less than five Payment Business Days: [insert number of days]] 
Payment Business Days [in case of a maximum notice period insert: nor more than 
[insert number of days] Payment Business Days] after the calendar day on which 
notice is given by the Issuer to the Noteholders; and 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which the Notes are to be redeemed. 
[in case the Notes are subject to the Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder insert: 
(c) 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Noteholder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note 
under Clause 5.2.] 
] 
5.4 
[No] Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation 
[The Issuer does not have a right to redeem the Notes early for reasons of taxation.] 
[ 
(a) 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Malta or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation 
to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of the Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay 
Additional Amounts under Clause 8.1 on the next succeeding Distribution Payment Date, and 
if this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, 
the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not less 
than 60 calendar days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with Clause 10 to the Noteholders, at their Principal Amount, together with distributions, if 
any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. However, no such notice of 
redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 calendar days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then to be due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in effect.  
(b) 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for redemption and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem. 
]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
6. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Each Noteholder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and demand immediate redemption 
thereof at the Early Redemption Amount, together with distributions, if any, accrued to, but 
excluding, the date of redemption, in the event that: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount due under the Notes within 30 calendar days from 
the relevant due date; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such failure 
continues for more than 30 calendar days after the Fiscal Agent has received notice 
thereof from a Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer suspends payment or announces its inability to pay its debts; or 
(iv) 
a court institutes insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, and such proceedings are 
not set aside or stayed within 60 calendar days, or the Issuer or the competent 
supervisory authority, or resolution authority, respectively, applies for or institutes 
any such proceedings; or 
(v) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
consolidation or other form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a conversion and the other or new company assumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. 
(b) 
Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with subparagraph (a) 
shall be made by means of a written declaration in the [English] [or] [German] language and 
sent to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Noteholder at the 
time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certificate of his Custodian 
or in other appropriate manner. The Notes shall be redeemed following receipt of the notice 
declaring Notes due. 
7. 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
7.1 
Appointment, Specified Offices 
The initial Fiscal Agent, and the initial Principal Paying Agent[s] and their respective initial specified 
offices are: 
Initial Fiscal Agent: 
[Timberland Invest Ltd. 
171, Old Bakery Street 
Valletta VLT 1455 
Republic of Malta] 
[●] 
Initial Principal Paying Agent[s]: 
[Baader Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Weihenstephaner Str. 4 
85716 Unterschleißheim

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
[flatex Bank AG 
Rotfeder-Ring 7 
60327 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
[●] 
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to the term Paying Agent[s], such term shall include the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent[s] reserve the right at any time to change their respective 
specified office to some other specified office [in the same city][in [insert city]]. 
7.2 
Variation or Termination of Appointment 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Fiscal Agent, or 
any Paying Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent, additional or other Paying Agents. The Issuer 
shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [,][and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange, a Paying Agent [(which may be the Fiscal Agent)] with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules of such stock exchange or its supervisory [authority][authorities] [in case 
of payments in U.S. Dollars insert: and (iii) if payments at or through the offices of [a][all] Paying 
Agent[s] outside the United States become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the 
imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts 
in U.S. Dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York]. The Issuer will give notice to 
the Noteholders of any variation, termination, appointment or any other change as soon as possible 
upon the effectiveness of such change. 
The Issuer undertakes, to the extent this is possible, to maintain a Paying Agent in a member state of 
the European Union in which it shall not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European 
Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN 
Council meeting of 26-27 November 2000 on the taxation of savings income or any law implementing 
or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive 2003/48/EC. 
7.3 
Agents of the Issuer 
The Fiscal Agent, and the Paying Agent[s] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Noteholder. 
7.4 
Determinations Binding 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
by the the Fiscal Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, inequitableness or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent[s], and the Noteholders and, in the absence of the 
aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the Paying Agent[s], or the Noteholders shall attach to the Fiscal 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
8. 
TAXATION 
8.1 
Withholding Taxes and Additional Amounts 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges of any nature whatsoever

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
imposed or levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on behalf of Malta or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (Withholding Taxes) unless such 
deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts of principal and interest (the Additional Amounts) as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders, after such withholding 
or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable 
on account of any taxes, duties or governmental charges which: 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Noteholder having, or having had, some personal or business 
connection with Malta and not merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the 
Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured 
in, Malta; or 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which Malta or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(d) 
are presented for payment more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the 
extent that a Noteholder would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting the 
same for payment on the last calendar day of the period of 30 calendar days assuming that day 
to have been a Payment Business Day; or 
(e) 
are withheld or deducted in relation to a Note presented for payment by or on behalf of a 
Noteholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting 
the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union; or 
(f) 
are deducted or withheld by a Paying Agent from a payment if the payment could have been 
made by another Paying Agent without such deduction or withholding; or 
(g) 
would not be payable if the Notes had been kept in safe custody with, and the payments had 
been collected by, a banking institution; or 
(h) 
are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective more than 
30 calendar days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with Clause 10, whichever occurs 
later. 
8.2 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Moreover, all amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made subject to compliance with 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code), any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, including any agreement pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, and 
official interpretations thereof (FATCA) and any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
to FATCA. The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a 
Noteholder in connection with any such compliance.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
8.3 
Transfer of Issuer's domicile 
In case of a transfer of the Issuer's domicile to another country, territory or jurisdiction, the preceding 
provisions shall apply with the understanding that any reference to the Issuer's domicile shall from 
then on be deemed to refer to such other country, territory or jurisdiction. 
9. 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
9.1 
Further Issues of Notes 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, issue further Notes having 
the same terms as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price, 
Distribution Commencement Date and/or first Distribution Payment Date) so as to form a single series 
with the Notes. 
9.2 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal 
Agent for cancellation. No purchase shall be possible unless all applicable regulatory and other 
statutory restrictions are observed. 
9.3 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
NOTICES 
10.1 
Notices of the Issuer 
10.2 
All notices of the Issuer concerning the Notes [shall be][may be] published in [insert relevant 
publication medium] and in electronic form on the website of the Issuer [(www.timberland-securities-
investment.com)][insert any other website] [or] [insert other website] [or any successor website [in 
each case] thereof], in which case an automatic redirection will be ensured by the Issuer. Any notice 
so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the 5th calendar day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the 5th calendar day following the date of the first 
such publication) unless the notice provides for a later effective date. 
[Notices to Noteholders [will be][may be] mailed to their registered addresses and shall be deemed to 
have been served at the expiration of twenty-four (24) hours after the letter containing the notice is 
posted, and in proving such service it shall be sufficient to prove that a prepaid letter containing such 
notice was properly addressed to such Noteholder at his registered address and posted.] 
10.3 
Publication of Notices of the Issuer via the Clearing System 
If the publication of notices pursuant to Clause 10.1 is no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in 
lieu of publication in the media set forth in Clause 10.1, deliver the relevant notices to the Clearing 
System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the [●] calendar day after the calendar day on which 
said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
10.4 
Form of Notice to be given by any Noteholder 
Notices regarding the Notes which are to be given by any Noteholder to the Issuer shall be validly 
given if delivered in writing in [English] [or] [German] language to the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent (for 
onward delivery to the Issuer) and by hand or mail. The Noteholder shall provide evidence satisfactory

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
to the Issuer of its holding of the Notes. Such evidence may be (i) in the form of a certification from 
the Clearing System or the Custodian with which the Noteholder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes that such Noteholder is, at the time such notice is given, the Noteholder of the 
relevant Notes, or (ii) in any other appropriate manner. 
11. 
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS 
[Articles 470-3 - 470-19 of the Companies Act 1915 are not applicable to the Notes.][The Base 
Prospectus in respect of the Notes contains detailed provisions for convening (i) meetings of the 
Noteholders and (ii) joint meetings of holders of more than one series of notes issued by the Issuer 
(including, where applicable, the Notes).] 
[ 
12. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
12.1 
Substitution 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, if no payment of 
principal of any of the Notes is in default, to substitute for itself as the Issuer another person (the 
Substitute Issuer) as principle debtor) under all Notes in respect of any and all obligations arising 
from and in connection with the Notes, which is, on the date of such substitution and in the opinion of 
the Issuer, of at least the equivalent standing and creditworthiness to the Issuer provided that:  
(a) 
the Substitute Issuer is solvent and can perform all obligations under and in connection with 
the Notes;  
(b) 
no liquidation, winding-up, insolvency proceedings or similar reorganisation measures are 
opened or imminent in respect of the Substitute Issuer; 
(c) 
the Substitute Issuer has been granted all necessary consents (excluding, for the avoidance of 
any doubt, the approval of a prospectus for the public offering of the Notes) from the 
authorities of the country in which it has its registered office;  
(d) 
the substitution of the Substitute Issuer for the Issuer (as the case may be) does not result in 
additional tax, duty or governmental charge being directly or indirectly imposed on the 
Noteholders and the Substitute Issuer has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each 
Noteholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Noteholder in respect of such substitution. 
Notice of any such substitution shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 10. 
[The Issuer will not guarantee the obligations of the Substitute Issuer under the Notes after the 
substitution(s). The Noteholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, are deemed to 
have (i) consented to any substitution(s) of the Issuer effected in accordance with this Clause 12 and 
to the release of the Issuer from any and all obligations in respect of the relevant Notes and these 
presents; and (ii) accepted such substitution(s) and the consequences thereof.] 
[After the substitution(s) of the Issuer by a Substitute Issuer this Clause 12 shall apply again. In the 
event of such a substitution(s), every reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall be 
deemed to refer to the Substitute Issuer.] 
12.2 
Change of References 
In the event of any such substitution(s), any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall 
from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Issuer and any reference to the country in which the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer. 
[ 
12.3 
Further substitution 
After a substitution pursuant to Clause 12.1, the Substitute Issuer may, without the consent of any 
Noteholders, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Clause 12.1 and Clause 12.2 
shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall, where 
the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further the Substitute Issuer. 
] 
[ 
12.4 
Reverse substitution 
After a substitution pursuant to Clause 12.1 [or Clause 12.3] any the Substitute Issuer may, without 
the consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
]] 
[12.][13] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
[12.1][13.1] 
Governing Law 
The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Noteholders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed by, and shall be construed exclusively in accordance with, Luxembourg law except 
for (i) the qualified subordination clause (if applicable) as governed by Clause 2 (Status), which shall 
be applying mutatis mutandis in the meaning to the laws of Germany (unless mandatory rules and laws 
of another EU member state apply) and (ii) Clause 11 (Meeting of Noteholders), which shall be subject 
to the laws of Luxembourg (unless mandatory rules and laws of another EU member state apply). 
[12.2][13.2] 
Place of Jurisdiction 
The courts of Luxembourg shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings (the Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes. The courts of [Duisburg, 
Germany][Luxemburg][Malta] shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with Clause 2 (Ranking) and the courts of Luxemburg shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with Clause 11 (Meeting of Noteholders). 
[12.3][13.3] 
Enforcement 
Any Noteholder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Noteholder and 
the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Noteholder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Noteholder, (b) specifying 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b), and (ii) a copy of the Global Note certified as being 
a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. Each Noteholder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce 
its rights under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
[13.][14.] 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the Notes, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Additional Amounts has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 8.1. 
Applicable Exchange Rate means (i) (if such exchange rate is available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency (if applicable) determined and published by 
the European Central Bank for the most recent calendar day falling within a reasonable period of time 
prior to the relevant due date, or (ii) (if such exchange rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency (if applicable) which the Fiscal Agent has 
calculated as the arithmetic mean of offered rates concerning the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency (if applicable) quoted to the Fiscal Agent by four leading banks operating in the international 
foreign exchange market for the most recent calendar day falling within a reasonable (as determined 
by the Fiscal Agent in its reasonable discretion) period of time prior to the relevant due date, or (iii) 
(if such exchange rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro against the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) as determined by the Fiscal Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
[Articles 470-3 - 470-19 of the Companies Act 1915 has the meaning assigned to it in the 
Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 on Commercial Companies as amended from time to time (and 
as consolidated resulting from the Grand Ducal Regulation of 5 December 2017 as published in the 
legal gazette of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg).] 
Business Day Financial Centre means [insert relevant financial centre]. 
Calculation Period means any period of time in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
distributions on any Note. 
[Call Redemption Amount means [[●] % of] the Principal Amount] [[plus][minus] [insert specified 
currency] [●]].] 
[Call Redemption Date means the Distribution Commencement Date and each [anniversary date 
thereof] [Distribution Payment Date thereafter].] 
Clearing System means [Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear] [and/or] [Clearstream Frankfurt] 
[and/or] [OeKB CSD] [Six SIS AG] [Euronext Securities Milan (Monte Titoli S.P.A.)] and any 
successor in such capacity. [The Notes shall be kept in custody by a common depositary on behalf of 
both ICSD.] 
[Clearstream Frankfurt means Clearstream Banking AG, The Cube, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany.] 
[Clearstream Luxembourg means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg, 42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.] 
Code has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 8.2. 
[CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended from time to time.] 
[CRR Instrument means any capital instrument governed by the CRR regime.] 
[CRR II Instrument means any capital instrument governed by the CRR II regime.]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage 
in securities custody business with which the Noteholder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (including the Clearing System). 
Day Count Fraction means [the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the actual number of calendar days in the respective interest year] [the actual number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360] [the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365]. 
Distribution Commencement Date has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 3.1. 
Distribution Payment Date has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 3.1. 
Early Redemption Amount means [[●] % of] the Principal Amount] [[plus][minus] [insert specified 
currency] [●]]. 
[Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Kingdom of 
Belgium.] 
[Euronext Securities Milan means Monte Titoli S.P.A. Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milano, Italian 
Republic] 
Exchange Date has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.3. 
FATCA has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 8.2. 
[Fiscal Agent means [Timberland Invest Ltd.][●].] 
Global Note(s) has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.4. 
[ICSD means Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear.] 
Issuer has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Maturity Date has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5.1. 
Noteholder means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable right in the Global 
Note which may be transferred to a new holder in accordance with applicable law and the provisions 
of the Clearing System. 
Note(s) has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
[OeKB CSD means OeKB CSD GmbH Strauchgasse 1-3, 1010 Vienna, Republic of Austria.] 
Paying Agent[s] means [Baader Bank Aktiengesellschaft] [and] [flatex Bank AG] [and [●]]. 
Payment Business Day means a calendar day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Business Day Financial 
Centre, and (ii) on which the TARGET2 System is open for business. 
Permanent Global Note has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.3. 
Principal Amount has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Proceedings has the meaning assigned to it in Clause [12.2][13.2].

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
[Put Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5.2.] 
[Put Redemption Amount(s) means [[●] % of] the Principal Amount [[plus][minus] [insert specified 
currency] [●]].] 
[Put Redemption Date(s) means [insert date(s)].] 
Rate of Distributions has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 3.1. 
Relevant Date means the date on which the payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the 
money payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or before the due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of the money having been so received, notice to that effect shall have been 
duly given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 10. 
[SIX SIS AG means SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4601 Olten, Switzerland.]  
Specified Currency has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Specified Denomination has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
[Substitute Issuer has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 12.] 
Successor Currency has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 4.3. 
TARGET2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 or its successor (TARGET). 
Temporary Global Note has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.3. 
[United States or U.S. means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands).] 
Withholding Taxes has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 8.1.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
[Please note: The final Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including the complete relevant placeholders, will 
be included in "Part II – Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in the relevant Final Terms.] 
II. 
OPTION II – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LUXEMBOURG FIXED RATE 
REGISTERED NOTES 
1. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, TITLE 
1.1 
Currency, Denomination 
This tranche of [subordinated] fixed rate notes (the Note(s)) is being issued by Timberland Securities 
Investment plc (the Issuer) in [Euro (EUR)][British Pound (GBP)][Swiss Franc (CHF)][US Dollar 
(USD)][Hungarian Forint (HUF)][Polish Złoty (PLN)][Czech Koruna (CZK)][Croatian Kuna 
(HRK)][●] (the Specified Currency) in the aggregate principal amount of [up to] [●] (in words: [●]) 
in the denomination of [EUR][insert other currency code] [1,000][●] [(or the equivalent in other 
currencies)] (the Specified Denomination or the Principal Amount). 
1.2 
Form 
(a) 
The Notes are being fully issued in registered form and may under no circumstances be 
converted into notes in bearer form. 
(b) 
The Issuer may issue Notes for no consideration to be held by the Issuer with a view to selling 
those Notes on the secondary market. All determinations made under these Terms and 
Conditions will reflect the fact that such Notes issued and directly held by the Issuer have been 
issued for no consideration (the issue price for those Notes will be deemed to be 0). So long 
as any Notes are held by the Issuer, any rights attached to such Notes (such as financial rights 
and voting rights) will be suspended. 
(c) 
[The Notes are [not] clearable through any clearing system and [will][may][cannot (and will 
not)] be admitted to trading and/or listed on any stock exchange, regulated or unregulated 
market.] 
(d) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar and Transfer Agent a 
register of Noteholders of Notes (the Register). The Registrar and Transfer Agent will 
immediately inform the Issuer of any changes made to the Register. 
(e) 
The Issuer undertakes to keep an up-to-date copy of the Register at its registered office at all 
times (the Issuer Register). 
(f) 
A Noteholder may request from the Registrar and Transfer Agent an extract of the Register 
showing the entry relevant to its holding of the Notes. 
1.3 
Title 
(a) 
Title to the Notes passes only by registration (inscription) in the Issuer Register. 
(b) 
Ownership in respect of the Notes is established by the registration in the Issuer Register. 
(c) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or a public authority or as required by 
law, the Issuer may deem and treat the person registered in the Issuer Register as absolute 
owner of the Notes for all purposes (whether or not the Note is overdue) and no person will 
be liable for so treating the Noteholder.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(d) 
No transfer of a Note shall be recognised by the Issuer unless entered in the Register and the 
Issuer Register. In the case of discrepancies between the records of the Register and the Issuer 
Register, the latter shall prevail. 
2. 
TRANSFERS 
(a) 
A Note may be transferred by depositing at the specified office of the Registrar and Transfer 
Agent a document evidencing the transfer of the registered Note in the form satisfactory to the 
Registrar and Transfer Agent and the Issuer, together with a copy of the passport or ID card 
of each of the transferor and the transferee and/or such other documents as the Registrar and 
Transfer Agent and the Issuer may reasonably require. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer of the Notes will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require) 
in respect of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to such 
transfer. 
3. 
CLOSED PERIODS 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Note to be registered (i) after an event of default notice 
has been issued pursuant to Clause 8(b) or (ii) during the period of [15][●] calendar days ending on 
the due date for any payment in respect of that Note. [Furthermore, the Issuer shall not be required, in 
the event of an early redemption of the Notes under Clause 7.2, to register the transfer of these Notes 
(or parts of these Notes) during the period beginning on the [twenty-fifth (25th)][●] calendar day before 
the Put Redemption Date and ending on the Put Redemption Date (both inclusive).] 
4. 
STATUS 
[The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves and pari passu with all other, present and 
future, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are given 
priority under mandatory provisions of statutory law.] 
[The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer.] 
[[Qualified] subordination clause: 
In the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
junior to all present or future unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer[.][;] 
[ 
(b) 
whereby: 
[(i) 
All claims under the Notes, including but not limited to the claims for payment of the 
Principal Amount[, the Call Redemption Amount] and the payment of distributions, 
applying mutatis mutandis in accordance with section 19 (2) sentence 2 of the German 
Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung, InsO) are subordinated to all claims of other 
current or future creditors in such a manner that any payments of principal and interest 
under the Notes may be demanded only after satisfaction of all other creditors ranking 
as stipulated in section 39 (1) nos. 1 to 5 InsO, i.e. at the ranking position stipulated in 
section 39 (2) InsO. A waiver with respect to the claims is not possible.] 
[[(ii)][●] 
Payments under the Notes may only be demanded from future annual net 
profits, from any liquidation surplus or from other disposable assets.]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
[[(iii)][●] 
The Noteholders may not demand satisfaction of their claims if this results, 
or threatens to result, in the Issuer becoming overindebted (überschuldet) or unable to 
pay its debts (zahlungsunfähig) within applying mutatis mutandis the meaning of 
German insolvency law.] 
[[(iv)][●] 
Paragraphs [(i)][●] [to] [(iii)][●] apply both before and after the opening of 
insolvency proceedings.] 
[[(v)][●] 
In all other respects, the Noteholders are entitled without restriction to assert 
their rights under the Notes and to claim performance.] 
[[(vi)][●] 
For the avoidance of doubt, this clause constitutes an agreement for the 
benefit of all creditors of the Issuer as a whole (Gläubigergesamtheit) applying mutatis 
mutandis within the meaning of section 328 (2) of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). Any cancellation of this subordination agreement without 
the creditors' cooperation will therefore be permitted only in the event that the criteria 
for insolvency (paragraph (iii)) are not met or no longer met in respect of the Issuer.] 
] 
[[(c)][●] 
pari passu among themselves[;][.]] 
[[(d)][●] 
senior to [all present or future (a) obligations under any [CRR Instruments] [and] [or] 
[CRR II Instruments], and (b)] all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
ranking or expressed to rank subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes[;][.]] 
[[(e)][●] 
Pre-insolvency enforcement block/non-payment 
Definitions: 
[Reason for opening insolvency proceedings refers to the inability to pay within the meaning 
of § 17 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung), imminent inability to pay within the 
meaning of § 18 German Insolvency Code and overindebtedness within the meaning of § 19 
German Insolvency Code. Impending overindebtedness does not constitute reasons for 
opening insolvency proceedings. 
If and to the extent that the partial or complete satisfaction of one or more or all of the 
Noteholders' claims (e.g. repayment, interest and other ancillary claims) would give rise to at 
least one reason for opening insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, the Noteholder cannot 
enforce this claim or these claims in a legally binding manner outside of insolvency 
proceedings (payment ban for the Noteholder). The payment prohibition applies for an 
indefinite period until such time as the fulfillment of the claim by the Issuer no longer gives 
rise to a reason for opening insolvency proceedings or all other creditors of the Issuer have 
agreed to the lifting of the payment prohibition. This means that claims arising from the Notes 
can only be legally enforced outside insolvency proceedings once the payment prohibition has 
been lifted.][insert other definition: [●]]  
[ 
Subordination Agreement 
In the event of insolvency proceedings on the assets of the Issuer or the liquidation of the 
Issuer, the claims arising from the Notes shall rank behind all non-subordinated claims and all 
subordinated claims within the meaning of § 39 para. 1 nos. 1 to 5 of the German Insolvency 
Code.][insert other definition: [●]]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
] 
] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
5.1 
[Relevant] Distribution Rate and Distribution Payment Dates 
[In case the Notes are issued with a constant coupon insert: The Notes shall bear distributions on the 
Principal Amount at the rate of [●] per cent. per annum (the Rate of Distributions) (and with respect 
to each Calculation Period) from and including [●] (the Distribution Commencement Date) to and 
excluding the Maturity Date. Distributions shall be scheduled to be paid [annually][semi-
annually][quarterly][●] in arrears on [●] in each year (each such date, a Distribution Payment Date), 
commencing on [●]. Distributions will fall due in accordance with the provisions set out in Clause 6.4.] 
[In case the Notes are issued with an increasing coupon insert: The Notes shall bear distributions on 
their Principle Amount at the relevant rate as set out in the table below (the Relevant Rate of 
Distributions). Distributions shall be scheduled to be paid for each distribution period (each such 
period, a Distribution Period) on a distribution payment date (each such date, a Distribution 
Payment Date), commencing on [●] (the Distribution Commencement Date). 
Distribution Period 
from (and including) to (but excluding) 
Distribution Payment 
Date 
Relevant Rate of 
Distribution 
[specified dates] 
[specified dates] 
[specified dates] 
[specified rates] 
Distributions for each Distribution Period will fall due in accordance with the provisions as set out in 
Clause 6.4.] 
5.2 
Calculation of Amount of Distributions 
The amount of distributions shall be calculated by applying the [Relevant] Rate of Distributions to the 
Principal Amount multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market convention. 
5.3 
Default Distributions 
The Notes shall cease to bear distributions from the expiry of the calendar day preceding the due date 
for redemption (if the Notes are redeemed). If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
distributions shall continue to accrue on the Principal Amount of the Notes from and including the due 
date for redemption to but excluding the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of 
distributions established by law. This does not affect any additional rights that might be available to 
the Noteholders. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Payment of Principal and Distributions 
Payment of principal and distributions on the Notes shall be made, subject to Clause 6.2 below, by 
credit or transfer to in the Specified Currency in the account of the relevant Noteholder the details of 
which are recorded in the Register at a given time. 
6.2 
Manner of Payment

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
If the Issuer determines that it is impossible to make payments of amounts due on the Notes in freely 
negotiable and convertible funds on the relevant due date for reasons beyond its control or that the 
Specified Currency or any successor currency provided for by law (the Successor Currency) is no 
longer used for the settlement of international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payments in Euro on the relevant due date on the basis of the Applicable 
Exchange Rate. Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any additional amounts as a 
result of such payment.  
6.3 
Discharge 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to the account of the relevant Noteholder which is recorded 
in the Register. 
6.4 
Payment Business Day 
If the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes would otherwise fall on a calendar day which 
is not a Payment Business Day, the Noteholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Business Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further distributions 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
6.5 
References to Principal and Distributions 
References in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: the Principal Amount[, the Call Redemption Amount][, the Put Redemption 
Amount], the Early Redemption Amount, and any premium and any other amounts (other than 
distributions) which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to "distributions" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under Clause 10.1. 
7. 
REDEMPTION  
7.1 
Maturity Date 
Unless previously redeemed, or cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Principal Amount 
together with distributions, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption, on [●] (the 
Maturity Date). 
7.2 
[No] Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder 
[The Noteholders do not have a right to demand the redemption of the Notes early.] 
[ 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of a Noteholder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) together with accrued distributions, if 
any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date. [in case of the Early Redemption for Reasons 
of Taxation, or if the Notes are subject to the Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
other than tax reasons insert: The Noteholder may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem 
such Note under Clause 7.] 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Noteholder must, not less than [[insert minimum number 
of days] Payment Business Day[s]] nor more than [[insert minimum number of days] Payment 
Business Day[s]] before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
made as specified in the Put Notice, send to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent an early 
redemption notice in written form (the Put Notice). In the event that the Put Notice is received 
after 5:00 p.m. [●] time on the [●] [[insert minimum period of notice to Issuer] Payment 
Business Day] before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised, and (ii) the International Security Code of such Notes, if 
any. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent 
in the [English] [or] [German] language and includes further information. No option so 
exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
] 
7.3 
[No] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[The Issuer does not have a right to redeem the Notes early.] 
[ 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem the Notes in 
whole, but not in part, on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the applicable Call Redemption 
Amount together with accrued distributions, if any, to, but excluding, the (relevant) Call 
Redemption Date.  
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Clause 12. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series number of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date which shall be not less than [insert minimum notice period, 
which shall not be less than five Payment Business Days: [insert number of days]] 
Payment Business Days [in case of a maximum notice period insert: nor more than 
[insert number of days] Payment Business Days] after the calendar day on which 
notice is given by the Issuer to the Noteholders; and 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which the Notes are to be redeemed. 
[in case the Notes are subject to the Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder insert: 
(c) 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Noteholder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note 
under Clause 7.2.] 
] 
7.4 
[No] Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation 
[The Issuer does not have a right to redeem the Notes early for reasons of taxation.] 
[ 
(a) 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Malta or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation 
to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of the Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay 
Additional Amounts under Clause 10.1 on the next succeeding Distribution Payment Date, 
and if this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon 
not less than 60 calendar days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with Clause 10 to the Noteholders, at their Principal Amount, together with 
distributions, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. However, no such 
notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 calendar days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then to be due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation 
to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in effect.  
(b) 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for redemption and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem. 
] 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Each Noteholder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and demand immediate redemption 
thereof at the Early Redemption Amount, together with distributions, if any, accrued to, but 
excluding, the date of redemption, in the event that: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount due under the Notes within 30 calendar days from 
the relevant due date; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such failure 
continues for more than 30 calendar days after the Fiscal Agent has received notice 
thereof from a Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer suspends payment or announces its inability to pay its debts; or 
(iv) 
a court institutes insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, and such proceedings are 
not set aside or stayed within 60 calendar days, or the Issuer or the competent 
supervisory authority, or resolution authority, respectively, applies for or institutes 
any such proceedings; or 
(v) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
consolidation or other form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a conversion and the other or new company assumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. 
(b) 
Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with subparagraph (a) 
shall be made by means of a written declaration in the [English] [or] [German] language and 
sent to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Noteholder at the 
time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certificate of his Custodian 
or in other appropriate manner. The Notes shall be redeemed following receipt of the notice 
declaring Notes due.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
9. 
FISCAL AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT, DISTRIBUTION AGENT 
9.1 
Appointment, Specified Offices 
The initial Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent[s], and the Distribution Agent[s] and their 
respective initial specified offices are: 
Initial Fiscal Agent: 
[Timberland Invest Ltd. 
171, Old Bakery Street 
Valletta VLT 1455 
Republic of Malta] 
[●] 
Registrar and Transfer Agent[s]: 
[Timberland Securities Investment plc 
171, Old Bakery Street 
Valletta VLT 1455 
Republic of Malta] 
[Alter Domus (Services) Malta Limited 
Vision Exchange Building Territorials Street 
Mriehel BKR 3000 
Republic of Malta] 
[●] 
Distribution Agent[s]: 
[Timberland Invest Ltd. 
171, Old Bakery Street 
Valletta VLT 1455 
Republic of Malta] 
[Timberland Finance International GmbH & Co KG 
Hüttenallee 137 
47800 Krefeld 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
[Timberland Finance International GmbH & Co KG 
Branch Hungary 
Benczúr utca 47 
1068 Budapest 
Hungary] 
[Timberland Capital Management GmbH 
Hüttenallee 137 
47800 Krefeld 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
[Timberland Finance GmbH & Co KG 
Branch Hungary 
Benczúr utca 47 
1068 Budapest

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Hungary] 
[●] 
The Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent[s], and the Distribution Agent[s] reserve the right 
at any time to change their respective specified office to some other specified office [in the same 
city][in [insert city]]. Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent, and the Distribution 
Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to a third party 
as it deems appropriate. 
9.2 
Variation or Termination of Appointment 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time, without the prior approval of the Noteholders, to vary or 
terminate the appointment of each of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent, and the 
Distribution Agent, provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent, a Registrar and 
Transfer Agent, and a Distribution Agent having a specified office in the European Union. Notice of 
any such change will promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 12. 
9.3 
Agents of the Issuer 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent, and the Distribution Agent acts solely as 
agents of the Issuer and does not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any 
Noteholder. 
10. 
TAXATION 
10.1 
Withholding Taxes and Additional Amounts 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed or levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on behalf of Malta or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (Withholding Taxes) unless such 
deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts of principal and interest (the Additional Amounts) as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders, after such withholding 
or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable 
on account of any taxes, duties or governmental charges which: 
(c) 
are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(d) 
are payable by reason of the Noteholder having, or having had, some personal or business 
connection with Malta and not merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the 
Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured 
in, Malta; or 
(e) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which Malta, or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(f) 
are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective more than 
30 calendar days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or is duly

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with Clause 12, whichever occurs 
later. 
10.2 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Moreover, all amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made subject to compliance with 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code), any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, including any agreement pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, and 
official interpretations thereof (FATCA) and any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
to FATCA. The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a 
Noteholder in connection with any such compliance. 
10.3 
Transfer of Issuer's domicile 
In case of a transfer of the Issuer's domicile to another country, territory or jurisdiction, the preceding 
provisions shall apply with the understanding that any reference to the Issuer's domicile shall from 
then on be deemed to refer to such other country, territory or jurisdiction. 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
11.1 
Further Issues of Notes 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, issue further Notes having 
the same terms as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price, 
Distribution Commencement Date and/or first Distribution Payment Date) so as to form a single series 
with the Notes. 
11.2 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal 
Agent for cancellation. No purchase shall be possible unless all applicable regulatory and other 
statutory restrictions are observed. 
11.3 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
12. 
NOTICES 
12.1 
Notices of the Issuer 
All notices of the Issuer concerning the Notes [shall be][may be] published in [insert relevant 
publication medium] and in electronic form on the website of the Issuer [(www.timberland-securities-
investment.com)][insert any other website] [or] [insert other website] [or any successor website [in 
each case] thereof], in which case an automatic redirection will be ensured by the Issuer. Any notice 
so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the 5th calendar day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the 5th calendar day following the date of the first 
such publication) unless the notice provides for a later effective date. 
[Notices to Noteholders [will be][may be] mailed to their registered addresses and shall be deemed to 
have been served at the expiration of twenty-four (24) hours after the letter containing the notice is 
posted, and in proving such service it shall be sufficient to prove that a prepaid letter containing such 
notice was properly addressed to such Noteholder at his registered address and posted.]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
12.2 
Form of Notice to be given by any Noteholder 
Notices regarding the Notes which are to be given by any Noteholder to the Issuer shall be validly 
given if delivered in writing in [English] [or] [German] language to the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent (for 
onward delivery to the Issuer) by hand or mail.  
13. 
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS 
[Articles 470-3 - 470-19 of the Companies Act 1915 are not applicable to the Notes.][The Base 
Prospectus in respect of the Notes contains detailed provisions for convening (i) meetings of the 
Noteholders and (ii) joint meetings of holders of more than one series of notes issued by the Issuer 
(including, where applicable, the Notes).] 
[ 
14. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
14.1 
Substitution 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, if no payment of 
principal of any of the Notes is in default, to substitute for itself as the Issuer another person (the 
Substitute Issuer) as principle debtor) under all Notes in respect of any and all obligations arising 
from and in connection with the Notes, which is, on the date of such substitution and in the opinion of 
the Issuer, of at least the equivalent standing and creditworthiness to the Issuer provided that:  
(a) 
the Substitute Issuer is solvent and can perform all obligations under and in connection with 
the Notes; 
(b) 
no liquidation, winding-up, insolvency proceedings or similar reorganisation measures are 
opened or imminent in respect of the Substitute Issuer; 
(c) 
the Substitute Issuer has been granted all necessary consents (excluding, for the avoidance of 
any doubt, the approval of a prospectus for the public offering of the Notes) from the 
authorities of the country in which it has its registered office;  
(d) 
the substitution of the Substitute Issuer for the Issuer (as the case may be) does not result in 
additional tax, duty or governmental charge being directly or indirectly imposed on the 
Noteholders and the Substitute Issuer has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each 
Noteholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Noteholder in respect of such substitution. 
Notice of any such substitution shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 12. 
[The Issuer will not guarantee the obligations of the Substitute Issuer under the Notes after the 
substitution(s). The Noteholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, are deemed to 
have (i) consented to any substitution(s) of the Issuer effected in accordance with this Clause 14 and 
to the release of the Issuer from any and all obligations in respect of the relevant Notes and these 
presents; and (ii) accepted such substitution(s) and the consequences thereof.] 
[After the substitution(s) of the Issuer by a Substitute Issuer this Clause 14 shall apply again. In the 
event of such a substitution(s), every reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall be 
deemed to refer to the Substitute Issuer.] 
14.2 
Change of References 
In the event of any such substitution(s), any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall 
from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Issuer and any reference to the country in which the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer. 
[ 
14.3 
Further substitution 
After a substitution pursuant to Clause 14.1, the Substitute Issuer may, without the consent of any 
Noteholders, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Clause 14.1 and Clause 14.2 
shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall, where 
the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further the Substitute Issuer. 
] 
[ 
14.4 
Reverse substitution 
After a substitution pursuant to Clause 14.1 [or Clause 14.3] any the Substitute Issuer may, without 
the consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
]] 
[14.][15.] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
[14.1][15.1] 
Governing Law 
The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Noteholders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed by, and shall be construed exclusively in accordance with, Luxembourg law except 
for (i) the qualified subordination clause (if applicable) as governed by Clause 4 (Status), which shall 
be applying mutatis mutandis in the meaning to the laws of Germany (unless mandatory rules and laws 
of another EU member state apply) and (ii) Clause 13 (Meeting of Noteholders), which shall be subject 
to the laws of Luxembourg (unless mandatory rules and laws of another EU member state apply). 
[14.2][15.2] 
Place of Jurisdiction 
The courts of Luxembourg shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings (the Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes. The courts of [Duisburg, 
Germany][Luxemburg][Malta] shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with Clause 4 (Ranking) and the courts of Luxemburg shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with Clause 13 (Meeting of Noteholders). 
[14.3][15.3] 
Enforcement 
Any Noteholder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Noteholder and the Issuer 
are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes (a) stating the full 
name and address of the Noteholder, [and] (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. 
Each Noteholder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under the Notes 
also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
[15.][16.] 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the Notes, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Additional Amounts has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.1.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Applicable Exchange Rate means (i) (if such exchange rate is available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency (if applicable) determined and published by 
the European Central Bank for the most recent calendar day falling within a reasonable period of time 
prior to the relevant due date, or (ii) (if such exchange rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency (if applicable) which the Fiscal Agent has 
calculated as the arithmetic mean of offered rates concerning the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency (if applicable) quoted to the Fiscal Agent by four leading banks operating in the international 
foreign exchange market for the most recent calendar day falling within a reasonable (as determined 
by the Fiscal Agent in its reasonable discretion) period of time prior to the relevant due date, or (iii) 
(if such exchange rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro against the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) as determined by the Fiscal Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
[Articles 470-3 - 470-19 of the Companies Act 1915 has the meaning assigned to it in the 
Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 on Commercial Companies as amended from time to time (and 
as consolidated resulting from the Grand Ducal Regulation of 5 December 2017 as published in the 
legal gazette of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg).] 
Business Day Financial Centre means [insert relevant financial centre]. 
Calculation Period means any period of time in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
distributions on any Note. 
[Call Redemption Amount means [[●] % of] the Principal Amount] [[plus][minus] [insert specified 
currency] [●]].] 
[Call Redemption Date means the Distribution Commencement Date and each [anniversary date 
thereof][Distribution Payment Date thereafter].] 
Code has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.2. 
[CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended from time to time.] 
[CRR Instrument means any capital instrument governed by the CRR regime.] 
[CRR II Instrument means any capital instrument governed by the CRR II regime.] 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage 
in securities custody business with which the Noteholder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (including the Clearing System). 
Day Count Fraction means [the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the actual number of calendar days in the respective interest year] [the actual number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360] [the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365]. 
Distribution Agent[s] means [Timberland Invest Ltd.] [and] [Timberland Capital Management 
GmbH] [and] [Timberland Finance GmbH & Co KG] [and] [Timberland Finance GmbH & Co KG, 
Branch Hungary] [and] [Timberland Finance International GmbH & Co KG] [and] [Timberland 
Finance International GmbH & Co KG, Branch Hungary][●]. 
Distribution Commencement Date has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5.1. 
Distribution Payment Date has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5.1.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Early Redemption Amount means [[●] % of] the Principal Amount] [[plus][minus] [insert specified 
currency] [●]]. 
FATCA has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.2. 
Issuer has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Issuer Register has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.2(e). 
Maturity Date has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 7.1. 
Noteholder means each person holding one or more Note(s). 
Note(s) has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Payment Business Day means a calendar day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Business Day Financial 
Centre, and (ii) on which the TARGET2 System is open for business. 
Principal Amount has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Proceedings has the meaning assigned to it in Clause [14.2][15.2]. 
[Put Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 7.2(c).] 
[Put Redemption Amount(s) means [[●] % of] the Principal Amount [[plus][minus] [insert specified 
currency] [●]].] 
[Put Redemption Date(s) means [insert date(s)].] 
Rate of Distributions has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5.1. 
Register has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.2(d). 
Registrar and Transfer Agent[s] means [Timberland Securities Investment plc] [and] [Alter Domus 
(Services) Malta Limited] [and] [●].  
Relevant Date means the date on which the payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the 
money payable has not been received by the Noteholder in accordance with Clause 6.1 on or before 
the due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of the money having been so received, notice 
to that effect shall have been duly given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 12. 
Specified Currency has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Specified Denomination has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
[Substitute Issuer has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 14.] 
Successor Currency has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 6.2. 
TARGET2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 or its successor (TARGET). 
Withholding Taxes has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.1.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
[Please note: The final Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including the complete relevant placeholders, will 
be included in "Part II – Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in the relevant Final Terms.] 
III. 
OPTION III – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MALTESE FIXED RATE 
REGISTERED NOTES  
1. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, TITLE 
1.1 
Currency, Denomination 
This tranche of [subordinated] fixed rate registered [notes][bonds] issued in dematerialised form (the 
[Note(s)][Bond(s)]) is being issued by Timberland Securities Investment plc (the Issuer) in [Euro 
(EUR)][British Pound (GBP)][Swiss Franc (CHF)][US Dollar (USD)][Hungarian Forint 
(HUF)][Polish Złoty (PLN)][Czech Koruna (CZK)][Croatian Kuna (HRK)][●] (the Specified 
Currency) in the aggregate principal amount of [up to] [●] (in words: [●]) in the denomination of 
[EUR] [insert other currency code] [1,000][●] (or the equivalent in other currencies) (the Specified 
Denomination or the Principal Amount). 
1.2 
Form 
(a) 
The [Notes][Bonds] are being issued in fully registered and dematerialised form and will be 
represented in uncertificated form by the appropriate entry in the Electronic register 
maintained on behalf of the Issuer at the CSD. The [Notes][Bonds] may under no 
circumstances be converted into [Notes][Bonds] in bearer form.  
For as long as any of the securities issued by the company shall be and remain dematerialised 
under the Financial Markets Act (Cap 345 of the Laws of Malta) the terms and conditions 
relating to such securities including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, their 
issuance, transfer, exchange, redemption and or cancellation shall be governed in accordance 
with the applicable rules and procedures set out by the relevant central securities depository 
providing dematerialisation and any other provision shall apply only to the extent that it is not 
inconsistent with such rules and procedures. 
(b) 
Certificates will not be delivered to [Noteholders][Bondholders]. 
[ 
(c) 
The CSD will issue, upon a request by a [Noteholder][Bondholder], a statement of holdings 
to such [Noteholder][Bondholder] evidencing his/her/its entitlement to the [Notes][Bonds] 
held in the register kept by the CSD. 
] 
1.3 
Title 
(a) 
Ownership in respect of the [Notes][Bonds] is established by the appropriate entry in the 
electronic register maintained on behalf of the Issuer by the CSD (hereinafter, the Electronic 
Register). There will be entered in such Electronic Register the names, addresses, identity 
card numbers (in the case of natural persons) and registration numbers (in the case of 
companies) of the [Noteholders][Bondholders], as well as particulars of the [Notes][Bonds] 
held by them respectively. [Noteholders][Bondholders] shall have, at all reasonable times 
during business hours, access to the register of [Noteholders][Bondholders] held at the CSD 
for the purpose of inspecting information held on their respective account. 
(b) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or a public authority or as required by 
law, any person in whose name a [Note][Bond] is registered in the Electronic Register may,

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be deemed and treated at all times, by all 
persons and for all purposes (including the making of any payments), as the absolute owner 
of 
such 
[Note][Bond] 
and 
no 
person 
will 
be 
liable 
for 
so 
treating 
the 
[Noteholder][Bondholder]. 
[ 
(c) 
[No transfer of a [Note][Bond] shall be recognised by the Issuer unless entered in the 
Electronic Register. 
] 
2. 
TRANSFERS 
(a) 
A [Note][Bond] may be transferred by depositing at the specified office of the Registrar and 
Transfer Agent a document evidencing the transfer of the [Note][Bond] in the form 
satisfactory to the Registrar and Transfer Agent, the Issuer and/or the CSD, together with a 
copy of the passport or ID card of each of the transferor and the transferee and/or such other 
documents as the Registrar and Transfer Agent, the Issuer and/or the CSD may reasonably 
require. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer of the [Notes][Bonds] will be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably 
require) in respect of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation 
to such transfer. 
3. 
CLOSED PERIODS 
No [Noteholder][Bondholder] may require the transfer of a [Note][Bond] to be registered (i) after an 
event of default notice has been issued pursuant to Clause 8(b) or (ii) during the period of [15][●] 
calendar days ending on the due date for any payment in respect of that [Note][Bond]. [Furthermore, 
the Issuer shall not be required, in the event of an early redemption of the [Notes][Bonds] under 
Clause 7.2, to register the transfer of these [Notes][Bonds] (or parts of these [Notes][Bonds]) during 
the period beginning on the [twenty-fifth (25th)][●] calendar day before the Put Redemption Date and 
ending on the Put Redemption Date (both inclusive). 
4. 
STATUS 
[The obligations under the [Notes][Bonds] constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves and pari passu with all other, 
present and future, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are 
given priority under mandatory provisions of statutory law.] 
[The [Notes][Bonds] constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer.] 
[[Qualified] subordination clause: 
In the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer under the [Notes][Bonds] 
will rank: 
(a) 
junior to all present or future unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer[.][;] 
[ 
(b) 
whereby:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
[(i) 
All claims under the [Notes][Bonds], including but not limited to the claims for 
payment of the Principal Amount[, the Call Redemption Amount] and the payment of 
distributions, applying mutatis mutandis in accordance with section 19 (2) sentence 2 
of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung, InsO) are subordinated to all 
claims of other current or future creditors in such a manner that any payments of 
principal and interest under the [Notes][Bonds] may be demanded only after 
satisfaction of all other creditors ranking as stipulated in section 39 (1) nos. 1 to 5 
InsO, i.e. at the ranking position stipulated in section 39 (2) InsO. A waiver with 
respect to the claims is not possible.] 
[[(ii)][●] 
Payments under the [Notes][Bonds] may only be demanded from future 
annual net profits, from any liquidation surplus or from other disposable assets.] 
[[(iii)][●] 
The [Noteholders][Bondholders] may not demand satisfaction of their claims 
if this results, or threatens to result, in the Issuer becoming overindebted 
(überschuldet) or unable to pay its debts (zahlungsunfähig) within applying mutatis 
mutandis the meaning of German insolvency law.] 
[[(iv)][●] 
Paragraphs [(i)][●] [to] [(iii)][●] apply both before and after the opening of 
insolvency proceedings.] 
[[(v)][●] 
In all other respects, the [Noteholders][Bondholders] are entitled without 
restriction to assert their rights under the [Notes][Bonds] and to claim performance.] 
[[(vi)][●] 
For the avoidance of doubt, this clause constitutes an agreement for the 
benefit of all creditors of the Issuer as a whole (Gläubigergesamtheit) applying mutatis 
mutandis within the meaning of section 328 (2) of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). Any cancellation of this subordination agreement without 
the creditors' cooperation will therefore be permitted only in the event that the criteria 
for insolvency (paragraph (iii)) are not met or no longer met in respect of the Issuer.] 
] 
[[(c)][●] 
pari passu among themselves[;][.]] 
[[(d)][●] 
senior to [all present or future (a) obligations under any [CRR Instruments] [and] [or] 
[CRR II Instruments], and (b)] all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
ranking or expressed to rank subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the 
[Notes][Bonds][;][.]] 
[[(e)][●] 
Pre-insolvency enforcement block/non-payment 
Definitions: 
[Reason for opening insolvency proceedings refers to the inability to pay within the meaning 
of § 17 German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung), imminent inability to pay within the 
meaning of § 18 German Insolvency Code and overindebtedness within the meaning of § 19 
German Insolvency Code. Impending overindebtedness does not constitute reasons for 
opening insolvency proceedings. 
If and to the extent that the partial or complete satisfaction of one or more or all of the 
[Noteholders'][Bondholders'] claims (e.g. repayment, interest and other ancillary claims) 
would give rise to at least one reason for opening insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, 
the [Noteholder][Bondholder] cannot enforce this claim or these claims in a legally binding 
manner outside of insolvency proceedings (payment ban for the [Noteholder][Bondholder]). 
The payment prohibition applies for an indefinite period until such time as the fulfillment of

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
the claim by the Issuer no longer gives rise to a reason for opening insolvency proceedings or 
all other creditors of the Issuer have agreed to the lifting of the payment prohibition. This 
means that claims arising from the [Notes][Bonds] can only be legally enforced outside 
insolvency proceedings once the payment prohibition has been lifted.][insert other definition: 
[●]]  
[ 
Subordination Agreement 
In the event of insolvency proceedings on the assets of the Issuer or the liquidation of the 
Issuer, the claims arising from the [Notes][Bonds] shall rank behind all non-subordinated 
claims and all subordinated claims within the meaning of § 39 para. 1 nos. 1 to 5 of the German 
Insolvency Code.][insert other definition: [●]] 
] 
] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
5.1 
[Relevant] Distribution Rate and Distribution Payment Dates 
[In case the Notes/Bonds are issued with a constant coupon insert: The [Notes][Bonds] shall bear 
distributions on the Principal Amount at the rate of [●] per cent. per annum (the Rate of Distributions) 
(and with respect to each Calculation Period) from and including [●] (the Distribution 
Commencement Date) to and excluding the Maturity Date. Distributions shall be scheduled to be 
paid [[●], [annually][semi-annually][quarterly][●] in arrears on [●] in each year (each such date, a 
Distribution Payment Date), commencing on [●]. Distributions will fall due in accordance with the 
provisions set out in Clause 6.4.] 
[In case the Notes/Bonds are issued with an increasing coupon insert: The [Notes][Bonds] shall bear 
distributions on their Principle Amount at the relevant rate as set out in the table below (the Relevant 
Rate of Distributions). Distributions shall be scheduled to be paid for each distribution period (each 
such period, a Distribution Period) on a distribution payment date (each such date, a Distribution 
Payment Date), commencing on [●] (the Distribution Commencement Date). 
Distribution Period 
from (and including) to (but excluding) 
Distribution Payment 
Date 
Relevant Rate of 
Distribution 
[specified dates] 
[specified dates] 
[specified dates] 
[specified rates] 
Distributions for each Distribution Period will fall due in accordance with the provisions as set out in 
Clause 6.4.] 
5.2 
Calculation of Amount of Distributions 
The amount of distributions shall be calculated by applying the [Relevant] Rate of Distributions to the 
Principal Amount multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market convention.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
5.3 
Default Distributions 
The [Notes][Bonds] shall cease to bear distributions from the expiry of the calendar day preceding the 
due date for redemption (if the [Notes][Bonds] are redeemed). If the Issuer fails to redeem the 
[Notes][Bonds] when due, distributions shall continue to accrue on the Principal Amount of the 
[Notes][Bonds] from and including the due date for redemption to but excluding the date of actual 
redemption of the [Notes][Bonds] at the default rate of distributions established by law. This does not 
affect any additional rights that might be available to the [Noteholders][Bondholders]. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Payment of Principal and Distributions 
Payment of principal and distributions on the [Notes][Bonds] shall be made, subject to Clause 6.2 
below, by credit or transfer to in the Specified Currency in the account of the relevant 
[Noteholder][Bondholder] communicated to the Issuer [in the application form].  
6.2 
Manner of Payment 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of the 
[Notes][Bonds] shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
If the Issuer determines that it is impossible to make payments of amounts due on the [Notes][Bonds] 
in freely negotiable and convertible funds on the relevant due date for reasons beyond its control or 
that the Specified Currency or any successor currency provided for by law (the Successor Currency) 
is no longer used for the settlement of international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its 
payment obligations by making such payments in Euro on the relevant due date on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Bondholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any additional 
amounts as a result of such payment. 
6.3 
Discharge 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to the account of the relevant [Noteholder][Bondholder] 
which is recorded in the Electronic Register. 
6.4 
Payment Business Day 
If the due date for any payment in respect of the [Notes][Bonds] would otherwise fall on a calendar 
day which is not a Payment Business Day, the [Noteholders][Bondholders] shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following Payment Business Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled 
to further distributions or other payment in respect of such delay. 
6.5 
References to Principal and Distributions 
References in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the [Notes][Bonds] shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: the Principal Amount[, the Call Redemption Amount][, the Put 
Redemption Amount], the Early Redemption Amount, and any premium and any other amounts (other 
than distributions) which may be payable under or in respect of the [Notes][Bonds]. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to "distributions" in respect of the [Notes][Bonds] shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under Clause 10.1.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION  
7.1 
Maturity Date 
Unless previously redeemed, or cancelled, the [Notes][Bonds] will be redeemed at their Principal 
Amount together with distributions, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption, on [●] 
(the Maturity Date). 
7.2 
[No] Early Redemption at the Option of a [Noteholder][Bondholder] 
[The [Noteholders][Bondholders] do not have a right to demand the redemption of the [Notes][Bonds] 
early.] 
[ 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of a [Noteholder][Bondholder] of any [Note][Bond], redeem 
such [Note][Bond] on the Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) together 
with accrued distributions, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date. [in case of the 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation, or if the Notes/Bonds are subject to the Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for other than tax reasons insert: The 
[Noteholder][Bondholder] may not exercise such option in respect of any [Note][Bond] which 
is the subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such 
[Note][Bond] under Clause 7.] 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the [Noteholder][Bondholder] must, not less than [[insert 
minimum number of days] Payment Business Days] nor more than [[insert minimum number 
of days] Payment Business Days] before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption 
is required to be made as specified in the Put Notice, send to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent an early redemption notice in written form (the Put Notice). In the event that the Put 
Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. [●] time on the [●] [[insert minimum period of notice to 
Issuer] Payment Business Day] before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have 
been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the 
[Notes][Bonds] in respect of which such option is exercised, and (ii) the International Security 
Code of such [Notes][Bonds], if any. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the [English] [or] [German] language and includes 
further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
] 
7.3 
[No] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[The Issuer does not have a right to redeem the [Notes][Bonds] early.] 
[ 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem the 
[Notes][Bonds] in whole, but not in part, on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the applicable 
Call Redemption Amount together with accrued distributions, if any, to, but excluding, the 
(relevant) Call Redemption Date.  
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the [Noteholders][Bondholders] in 
accordance with Clause 12. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series number of the [Notes][Bonds]; 
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date which shall be not less than [insert minimum notice period, 
which shall not be less than five Payment Business Days: [insert number of days]]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Payment Business Days [in case of a maximum notice period insert: nor more than 
[insert number of days] Payment Business Days] after the calendar day on which 
notice is given by the Issuer to the [Noteholders][Bondholders]; and 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which the [Notes][Bonds] are to be redeemed. 
[in case the Notes/Bonds are subject to the Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Noteholder/Bondholder insert: 
(c) 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any [Note][Bond] which is the subject 
of the prior exercise by the [Noteholder][Bondholder] thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such [Note][Bond] under Clause 7.2.] 
] 
7.4 
[No] Redemption for Reasons of Taxation 
[The Issuer does not have a right to redeem the [Notes][Bonds] early for reasons of taxation.] 
[ 
(a) 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Malta or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation 
to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of the [Notes][Bonds] was issued, the Issuer is required to 
pay Additional Amounts under Clause 10.1 on the next succeeding Distribution Payment 
Date, and if this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to 
the Issuer, the [Notes][Bonds] may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the 
Issuer, upon not less than 60 calendar days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with Clause 10 to the [Noteholders][Bondholders], at their Principal 
Amount, together with distributions, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 calendar days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were 
a payment in respect of the [Notes][Bonds] then to be due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is 
given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in effect.  
(b) 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for redemption and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem. 
] 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Each [Noteholder][Bondholder] shall be entitled to declare his [Notes][Bonds] due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption Amount, together with 
distributions, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption, in the event that: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount due under the [Notes][Bonds] within 30 calendar 
days from the relevant due date; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the [Notes][Bonds] 
which failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such 
failure continues for more than 30 calendar days after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a [Noteholder][Bondholder]; or

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(iii) 
the Issuer suspends payment or announces its inability to pay its debts; or 
(iv) 
a court institutes insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, and such proceedings are 
not set aside or stayed within 60 days, or the Issuer or the competent supervisory 
authority, or resolution authority, respectively, applies for or institutes any such 
proceedings; or 
(v) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
consolidation or other form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a conversion and the other or new company assumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer in connection with the [Notes][Bonds]. 
The right to declare [Notes][Bonds] due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been cured before the right is exercised. 
(b) 
Any notice, including any notice declaring [Notes][Bonds] due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (a) shall be made by means of a written declaration in the [English] [or] 
[German] language and sent to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that 
such [Noteholder][Bondholder] at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant 
[Notes][Bonds] by means of a certificate of his Custodian or in other appropriate manner. The 
[Notes][Bonds] shall be redeemed following receipt of the notice declaring [Notes][Bonds] 
due. 
9. 
FISCAL AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT, DISTRIBUTION AGENT 
9.1 
Appointment, Specified Offices 
The initial Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent[s], and the Distribution Agent[s] and their 
respective initial specified offices are: 
Initial Fiscal Agent: 
[Timberland Invest Ltd. 
171, Old Bakery Street 
Valletta VLT 1455 
Republic of Malta]  
[●] 
Registrar and Transfer Agent[s]: 
[Malta Stock Exchange 
Garrison Chapel 
Castille Place 
Valletta, VLT 1063 
Republic of Malta] 
[●] 
Distribution Agent[s]: 
[Timberland Invest Ltd. 
171, Old Bakery Street 
Valletta VLT 1455 
Republic of Malta] 
[Timberland Capital Management GmbH

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Hüttenallee 137 
47800 Krefeld 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
[●] 
The Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent[s], and the Distribution Agent[s] reserve the right 
at any time to change their respective specified office to some other specified office [in the same 
city][in [insert city]]. Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent, and the Distribution 
Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to a third party 
as it deems appropriate. 
9.2 
Variation or Termination of Appointment 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time, without the prior approval of the [Noteholders][Bondholders], 
to vary or terminate the appointment of each of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent, 
and the Distribution Agent, provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent, a 
Registrar and Transfer Agent, and a Distribution Agent having a specified office in the European 
Union. Notice of any such change will promptly be given to the [Noteholders][Bondholders] in 
accordance with Clause 12. 
9.3 
Agents of the Issuer 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent, and the Distribution Agent acts solely as 
agents of the Issuer and does not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any 
[Noteholder][Bondholder]. 
10. 
TAXATION 
10.1 
Withholding Taxes and Additional Amounts 
All amounts payable in respect of the [Notes][Bonds] shall be made without deduction or withholding 
for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges of any nature 
whatsoever imposed or levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on behalf of Malta or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (Withholding Taxes) 
unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, pay such additional amounts of principal and interest (the Additional 
Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
[Noteholders][Bondholders], after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes, duties or governmental 
charges which: 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
[Noteholder][Bondholder], or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction 
or withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the [Noteholder][Bondholder] having, or having had, some personal 
or business connection with Malta and not merely by reason of the fact that payments in 
respect of the [Notes][Bonds] are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from 
sources in, or are secured in, Malta; or 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which Malta, or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(d) 
are are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective more than 
30 calendar days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with Clause 12, whichever occurs 
later. 
10.2 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Moreover, all amounts payable in respect of the [Notes][Bonds] shall be made subject to compliance 
with sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code), any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, including any agreement pursuant to section 1471(b) of the 
Code, and official interpretations thereof (FATCA) and any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach to FATCA. The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify a [Noteholder][Bondholder] in connection with any such compliance. 
10.3 
Transfer of Issuer's domicile 
In case of a transfer of the Issuer's domicile to another country, territory or jurisdiction, the preceding 
provisions shall apply with the understanding that any reference to the Issuer's domicile shall from 
then on be deemed to refer to such other country, territory or jurisdiction. 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES OF [NOTES][BONDS][,] [PURCHASES] [AND] [CANCELLATION] 
11.1 
Further Issues of [Notes][Bonds] 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the [Noteholders][Bondholders], issue further 
[Notes][Bonds] having the same terms as the [Notes][Bonds] in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the issue date, issue price, Distribution Commencement Date and/or first Distribution Payment 
Date) so as to form a single series with the [Notes][Bonds]. 
[ 
11.2 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase [Notes][Bonds] in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
[Notes][Bonds] purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. No purchase shall be possible unless all applicable regulatory and 
other statutory restrictions are observed. 
] 
[ 
11.3 
Cancellation 
All [Notes][Bonds] redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
] 
12. 
NOTICES 
12.1 
Notices of the Issuer 
All notices of the Issuer concerning the [Notes][Bonds] [shall be][may be] published in [insert relevant 
publication medium] and in electronic form on the website of the Issuer [(www.timberland-securities-

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
investment.com)][insert any other website] [or] [insert other website] [or any successor website [in 
each case] thereof], in which case an automatic redirection will be ensured by the Issuer. Any notice 
so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the 5th calendar day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the 5th calendar day following the date of the first such 
publication) unless the notice provides for a later effective date. 
[Notices to [Noteholders][Bondholders] [will be][may be] mailed to their registered addresses and 
shall be deemed to have been served at the expiration of twenty-four (24) hours after the letter 
containing the notice is posted, and in proving such service it shall be sufficient to prove that a prepaid 
letter containing such notice was properly addressed to such [Noteholder][Bondholder] at his 
registered address and posted.] 
12.2 
Form of Notice to be given by any [Noteholder][Bondholder] 
Notices regarding the [Notes][Bonds] which are to be given by any [Noteholder][Bondholder] to the 
Issuer shall be validly given if delivered in writing in [English] [or] [German] language to the Issuer 
or the Fiscal Agent (for onward delivery to the Issuer) by hand or mail.  
13. 
MEETING OF [NOTEHOLDERS][BONDHOLDERS] 
[The Issuer may from time to time call meetings of [Noteholders][Bondholders] for the purpose of 
consultation with [Noteholders][Bondholders] or for the purpose of obtaining the consent of 
[Noteholders][Bondholders] on matters which in terms of the Final Terms or require the approval of 
a [Noteholders'][Bondholders'] meeting and to effect any change to the applicable Terms and 
Conditions of the Bonds. 
A meeting of [Noteholders][Bondholders] shall be called by the Directors of the Issuer by giving not 
less than [twenty-one (21)][●] days' notice in writing by giving all [Noteholders][Bondholders] listed 
on the register of [Noteholders][Bondholders] as at a date being not more than [thirty (30) days][●] 
preceding the date scheduled for the meeting, not less than [fourteen (14) days'][●] notice in writing. 
Such notice shall set out the time, place and date set for the meeting and the matters to be discussed or 
decided thereat, including, if applicable, sufficient information on any amendment to the Terms and 
Conditions that is proposed to be voted upon at the meeting and seeking the approval of the 
[Noteholders][Bondholders]. Following a meeting of [Noteholders][Bondholders] held in accordance 
with the provisions contained hereunder, the Issuer shall, acting in accordance with the resolution(s) 
taken at the meeting, communicate to the [Noteholders][Bondholders] whether the necessary consent 
to the proposal made by the Issuer has been granted or withheld. Subject to having obtained the 
necessary approval by the [Noteholders][Bondholders] in accordance with the provisions of this 
Clause 13 at a meeting called for that purpose as aforesaid, any such decision shall subsequently be 
given effect to by the Issuer. The amendment or waiver of any of the Terms and Conditions may only 
be made with the approval of [Noteholders][Bondholders] at a meeting called and held for that purpose 
in accordance with the terms hereof. A meeting of [Noteholders][Bondholders] shall only validly and 
properly proceed to business if there is a quorum present at the commencement of the meeting. For 
this purpose, at least two [Noteholders][Bondholders] present, in person or by proxy, representing not 
less than [fifty per cent (51.01%)][●] in nominal value of the [Notes][Bonds] then outstanding, shall 
constitute a quorum. If a quorum is not present within 30 minutes from the time scheduled for the 
commencement of the meeting as indicated on the notice convening same, the meeting shall stand 
adjourned to a place, date and time as shall be communicated by the Directors of the Issuer to the 
[Noteholders][Bondholders] present at that meeting. The Issuer shall within two days from the date of 
the original meeting publish by way of a company announcement the date, time and place where the 
adjourned meeting is to be held. An adjourned meeting shall be held not earlier than seven days, and 
not later than [fifteen (15) days][●], following the original meeting. At an adjourned meeting: the 
number of [Noteholders][Bondholders] present, in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum; and 
only the matters specified in the notice calling the original meeting shall be placed on the agenda of, 
and shall be discussed at, the adjourned meeting.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Any person who in accordance with the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer is to 
chair 
the 
annual 
general 
meetings 
of 
shareholders 
shall 
also 
chair 
meetings 
of 
[Noteholders][Bondholders]. 
Once a quorum is declared present by the chairman of the meeting, the meeting may then proceed to 
business and address the matters set out in the notice convening the meeting. In the event of decisions 
which are required to be taken at the meeting, the Directors of the Issuer or their representative shall 
present to the [Noteholders][Bondholders] the reasons why it is deemed necessary or desirable and 
appropriate that a particular decision is taken. The meeting shall allow reasonable and adequate time 
to [Noteholders][Bondholders] to present their views to the Issuer and the other 
[Noteholders][Bondholders] present at the meeting. The meeting shall then put the matter as proposed 
by the Issuer to a vote of the [Noteholders][Bondholders] present at the time at which the vote is being 
taken, and any [Noteholders][Bondholders] taken into account for the purpose of constituting a 
quorum who are no longer present for the taking of the vote shall not be taken into account for the 
purpose of such vote. 
[The voting process shall be managed by [the person] [or] [company] in charge as of the Issuer under 
the supervision and scrutiny of the Board of Directors.] 
The proposal placed before a meeting of [Noteholders][Bondholders] shall only be considered 
approved if at least [fifty-one per cent (51%)][●] in nominal value of the [Noteholders][Bondholders] 
present at the meeting at the time when the vote is being taken, in person or by proxy, shall have voted 
in favour of the proposal. 
Save for the above, the rules generally applicable to proceedings at general meetings of shareholders 
of the Issuer shall mutatis mutandis apply to meetings of [Noteholders][Bondholders].] 
[ 
14. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
14.1 
Substitution 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time, without the consent of the [Noteholders][Bondholders], if no 
payment of principal of any of the [Notes][Bonds] is in default, to substitute for itself as the Issuer 
another person (the Substitute Issuer) as principle debtor) under all [Notes][Bonds] in respect of any 
and all obligations arising from and in connection with the [Notes][Bonds], which is, on the date of 
such substitution and in the opinion of the Issuer, of at least the equivalent standing and 
creditworthiness to the Issuer provided that: 
(a) 
the Substitute Issuer is solvent and can perform all obligations under and in connection with 
the [Notes][Bonds]; 
(b) 
no liquidation, winding-up, insolvency proceedings or similar reorganisation measures are 
opened or imminent in respect of the Substitute Issuer; 
(c) 
the Substitute Issuer has been granted all necessary consents (excluding, for the avoidance of 
any doubt, the approval of a prospectus for the public offering of the [Notes][Bonds]) from 
the authorities of the country in which it has its registered office; 
(d) 
the substitution of the Substitute Issuer for the Issuer (as the case may be) does not result in 
additional tax, duty or governmental charge being directly or indirectly imposed on the 
[Noteholders][Bondholders] and the Substitute Issuer has agreed to indemnify and hold 
harmless each [Noteholder][Bondholder] against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge imposed on such [Noteholder][Bondholder] in respect of such substitution.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Notice of any such substitution shall be given to the [Noteholders][Bondholders] in accordance with 
Clause 12. 
[The Issuer will not guarantee the obligations of the Substitute Issuer under the [Notes][Bonds] after 
the substitution(s). The [Noteholders][Bondholders], by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring, the 
[Notes][Bonds], are deemed to have (i) consented to any substitution(s) of the Issuer effected in 
accordance with this Clause 14 and to the release of the Issuer from any and all obligations in respect 
of the relevant [Notes][Bonds] and these presents; and (ii) accepted such substitution(s) and the 
consequences thereof.] 
[After the substitution(s) of the Issuer by a Substitute Issuer this Clause 14 shall apply again. In the 
event of such a substitution(s), every reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall be 
deemed to refer to the Substitute Issuer.] 
14.2 
Change of References 
In the event of any such substitution(s), any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall 
from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Issuer and any reference to the country in which the 
Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer. 
[ 
14.3 
Further substitution 
After a substitution pursuant to Clause 14.1, the Substitute Issuer may, without the consent of any 
[Noteholders][Bondholders], effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Clause 14.1 
and Clause 14.2 shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further 
the Substitute Issuer. 
] 
[ 
14.4 
Reverse substitution 
After a substitution pursuant to Clause 14.1 [or Clause 14.3] any the Substitute Issuer may, without 
the consent of any [Noteholder][Bondholder], reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
]] 
[14.][15.] 
GENERAL 
For as long as the [Notes][Bonds] remain in dematerialised form, these terms and conditions, including 
the terms applicable to issuance, transfer, exchange, redemption and/or cancellation of the 
[Notes][Bonds] shall be subject to the applicable rules and procedures set out by CSD (the CSD Rules) 
and in the event of inconsistency between these terms and conditions and the CSD Rules, the CSD 
Rules shall prevail. Any amendment, variation or deletion of this clause shall be subject to the express 
written approval of the CSD to be obtained prior to the approval of the [Noteholders][Bondholders]. 
[15.][16.] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
[15.1][16.1] 
Governing Law 
The [Notes][Bonds], as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the 
[Noteholders][Bondholders] and the Issuer, shall be governed by, and shall be construed exclusively

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
in accordance with, Maltese law[.] [except for (i) the qualified subordination clause (if applicable) as 
governed by Clause 4 (Status), which shall be applying mutatis mutandis in the meaning to the laws 
of Germany (unless mandatory rules laws of another EU member state apply).] 
[15.2][16.2] 
Place of Jurisdiction 
The courts of Malta shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (the 
Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the [Notes][Bonds]. [The courts of [Duisburg, 
Germany][insert other court in Germany] [Malta] shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action 
or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with Clause 4 (Ranking).] 
[15.3][16.3] 
Enforcement 
Any [Noteholder][Bondholder] may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
[Noteholder][Bondholder] and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights 
arising under such [Notes][Bonds] (a) stating the full name and address of the 
[Noteholder][Bondholder] and (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of the [Notes][Bonds]. 
Each [Noteholder][Bondholder] may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under the [Notes][Bonds] also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
[16.][17.] 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the [Notes][Bonds], the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Additional Amounts has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.1. 
Applicable Exchange Rate means (i) (if such exchange rate is available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency (if applicable) determined and published by 
the European Central Bank for the most recent calendar day falling within a reasonable period of time 
prior to the relevant due date, or (ii) (if such exchange rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency (if applicable) which the Fiscal Agent has 
calculated as the arithmetic mean of offered rates concerning the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency (if applicable) quoted to the Fiscal Agent by four leading banks operating in the international 
foreign exchange market for the most recent calendar day falling within a reasonable (as determined 
by the Fiscal Agent in its reasonable discretion) period of time prior to the relevant due date, or (iii) 
(if such exchange rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro against the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) as determined by the Fiscal Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
Business Day Financial Centre means [insert relevant financial centre(s)]. 
Calculation Period means any period of time in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
distributions on any [Note][Bond]. 
[Call Redemption Amount means [[●] % of] the Principal Amount] [[plus][minus] [insert specified 
currency] [●]].] 
[Call Redemption Date means the Distribution Commencement Date and each [anniversary date 
thereof][Distribution Payment Date thereafter].] 
Code has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.2. 
[CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended from time to time.] 
[CRR Instrument means any capital instrument governed by the CRR regime.]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
[CRR II Instrument means any capital instrument governed by the CRR II regime.] 
CSD means the Central Securities Depository of the Malta Stock Exchange, having its address at 
Garrison Chapel, Castille Place, Valletta, VLT 1063, Republic of Malta. 
CSD Rules has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.2. 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage 
in securities custody business with which the [Noteholder][Bondholder] maintains a securities account 
in respect of the [Notes][Bonds] and includes the CSD. 
Day Count Fraction means [the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the actual number of calendar days in the respective interest year] [the actual number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360] [the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365]. 
[Directors of the Issuer means the Members of the Board of Directors as legal representatives of the 
Issuer as defined in the Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended from time to time.] 
Distribution Agent[s] means [Timberland Invest Ltd.] [and] [Timberland Capital Management 
GmbH] [and] [●]. 
Distribution Commencement Date has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5.1. 
Distribution Payment Date has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5.1. 
Early Redemption Amount means [[●] % of] the Principal Amount] [[plus][minus] [insert specified 
currency] [●]]. 
Electronic Register has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.3. 
FATCA has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.2. 
Issuer has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Maturity Date has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 7.1. 
[Noteholder][Bondholder] means each person holding one or more [Note(s)][Bond(s)]. 
[Note(s)][Bond(s)] has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Payment Business Day means a calendar day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Business Day Financial 
Centre, and (ii) on which the TARGET2 System or its successor is open for business. 
Principal Amount has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Proceedings has the meaning assigned to it in Clause [15.2][16.2]. 
[Put Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 7.2(c).] 
[Put Redemption Amount(s) means [[●] % of] the Principal Amount [[plus][minus] [insert specified 
currency] [●]].] 
[Put Redemption Date(s) means [insert date(s)].]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Rate of Distributions has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5.1. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent[s] means [Malta Stock Exchange] [and] [●]. 
Relevant Date means the date on which the payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the 
money payable has not been received by the [Noteholder][Bondholder] in accordance with Clause 6.1 
on or before the due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of the money having been so 
received, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the [Noteholders][Bondholders] by the 
Issuer in accordance with Clause 12. 
Specified Currency has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
Specified Denomination has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1.1. 
[Substitute Issuer has the meaning assigned to it in Condition 12.] 
Successor Currency has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 6.2. 
TARGET2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 or its successor (TARGET). 
Withholding Taxes has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.1.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
IV. 
OPTION IV – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GERMAN FIXED RATE BEARER 
NOTES  
[Please note: The final Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including the complete relevant placeholders, will 
be included in "Part II – Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in the relevant Final Terms.] 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the notes (the "Terms and Conditions") applicable to 
the Notes. The final Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be an integral part of the respective Global Note[s]. 
The final Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including the complete relevant placeholders, will be included 
in "Part II – Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Terms and Conditions are written in the German and English language. The English text shall be the 
legally binding version. The German language translation is provided for convenience only. [Notwithstanding 
this, the German text does not constitute part of the Base Prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus 
Regulation and, in case there is any discrepancy between the English language translation and the German 
text, the English language translation stands approved for the purposes of approval under the Prospectus 
Regulation.] 
Anleihebedingungen 
(die "Anleihebedingungen") 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the "Terms and Conditions") 
§ 1 Emittentin, Währung, Gesamtnennbetrag, 
Nennbetrag, 
Form, 
Verbriefung 
und 
Übertragbarkeit 
 
§ 1 Issuer, Aggregate Principal Amount, 
Principle Amount, Form, Certification and 
Transferability 
(a) Emittentin, Währung, Gesamtnennbetrag und 
Nennbetrag. 
 
(a) Issuer, Currency, Aggregate Principal Amount 
and Principal Amount. 
Diese 
Anleihe 
der 
Timberland 
Securities 
Investment 
plc 
(die 
"Emittentin") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von [bis zu] [EUR][anderes 
Währungskürzel 
einfügen] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] (in Worten: [Euro][andere Währung 
einfügen] [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen]) (der 
"Gesamtnennbetrag"), 
ist 
in 
untereinander 
gleichberechtigte Schuldverschreibungen (jeweils 
eine "Schuldverschreibung" und zusammen die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") im Nennbetrag von 
jeweils [EUR][anderes Währungskürzel einfügen] 
[1.000,00][anderen Nennbetrag einfügen] (in 
Worten: [Euro][andere Währung einfügen ] [ein 
Tausend][anderen 
Nennbetrag 
einfügen]) 
eingeteilt. 
 
This bond of Timberland Securities Investment plc 
(the "Issuer") in the aggregate principal amount of 
[up to] [EUR][insert other currency code] [insert 
aggregate 
principal 
amount] 
(in 
words: 
[Euro][insert other currency] [insert aggregate 
principal amount]) (the "Aggregate Principal 
Amount"), is divided into partial notes ranking pari 
passu among themselves (each a "Note" and 
together, the "Notes'') in the principal amount of 
[EUR][insert 
other 
currency 
code] 
[1,000.00][insert other principal amount greater 
than 1,000.00 in other currencies] each (in words: 
[Euro][insert other currency] [one thousand][insert 
other principal amount]). 
(b) Form. 
 
(b) Form. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber.  
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
(c) Verbriefung. 
 
(c) Certification. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden für die gesamte 
Laufzeit wie folgt verbrieft. 
 
The Notes are represented for the entire term as 
follows:

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
[Im Falle von Tefra D einfügen:  
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden für ihre 
gesamte Laufzeit zunächst durch eine vorläufige 
Inhaber-Globalschuldverschreibung 
(die 
"vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft, die nicht früher als 40 Tage und nicht 
später als 180 Tage nach dem Begebungstag (wie 
in § [4][●](a) definiert) durch eine Inhaber-
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde", 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
zusammen 
die 
"Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine ausgetauscht 
wird. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage 
von Bescheinigungen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftliche(n) Eigentümer der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
US-Person 
ist 
(ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder 
bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen 
über solche Finanzinstitute halten), jeweils im 
Einklang mit den Regeln und Verfahren von [im 
Falle von Clearstream Banking AG einfügen: 
Clearstream 
Banking 
AG 
und 
der 
Geschäftsanschrift: Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn][im 
Falle 
eines 
anderen 
Zentralverwahrers einfügen: [●]] oder einem 
Funktionsnachfolger 
erfolgen 
(das 
"Clearingsystem"). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist für jede solche Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
diesem 
Absatz 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
geliefert werden.  
 
[In case of Tefra D insert: 
The Notes will initially be represented for the 
whole term of the Notes by a temporary global 
bearer note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without interest coupons, which will be exchanged 
not earlier than 40 days and not later than 180 days 
after the Issue Date (as defined in § [4][●](a)) 
against a permanent global bearer note (the 
"Permanent Global Note", the Temporary Global 
Note and the Permanent Global Note together the 
"Global Note") without interest coupons. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner 
or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other 
than certain financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial institutions) 
in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures of [in case of Clearstream Banking AG 
insert: Clearstream Banking AG, business address: 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn][in case of 
another Central Securities Depositary insert: [●]], 
or any successor in such capacity (the "Clearing 
System"). 
Payments 
of 
interest 
on 
Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note will be 
made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th day after 
the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request 
to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant 
to this paragraph. Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States. 
"Vereinigte Staaten" bedeutet die Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich 
deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, der 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
"United States" means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde sind nur wirksam, wenn sie 
jeweils die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Vertreters der Emittentin tragen [(wobei diese 
Unterschrift als Faksimileunterschrift gemäß § 793 
 
The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall only be valid if it bears the 
handwritten signature of a representative of the 
Issuer [(whose signature may qualify as facsimile 
signature pursuant to § 793 (2) of the German Civil

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Absatz 2 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs ("BGB") 
qualifizieren darf)] [und von der Zahlstelle (wie in 
§ [11][●](a) definiert) unterzeichnet oder in deren 
Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen 
sind]. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
werden 
bei 
dem 
Clearingsystem hinterlegt. Der Anspruch auf 
Ausgabe einzelner Schuldverschreibungen oder 
Zinsscheine ist ausgeschlossen.] 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch ("BGB")))] [and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Paying Agent (as defined in § [11][●](a))]. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note will be deposited with the Clearing System. 
The right to require the issue of definitive Notes or 
interest coupons (Zinsscheine) has been excluded.] 
[im Falle ohne Tefra D einfügen:  
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden für ihre 
gesamte 
Laufzeit 
durch 
eine 
Inhaber-
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" 
bzw. 
die 
"Globalurkunde") 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde wird von [im Falle von 
Clearstream 
Banking 
Frankfurt 
einfügen: 
Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
mit 
Geschäftsanschrift 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn][im Falle 
eines anderen Zentralverwahrers einfügen: [●]] 
oder einem Funktionsnachfolger verwahrt (das 
"Clearingsystem"). 
 
[in case without Tefra D insert:  
The Notes will be represented for the whole life of 
the Notes by a permanent global bearer Note (die 
"Permanent Global Note" respectively the 
"Global Note"). The Permanent Global Note will 
be kept in custody by [in case of Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt insert: Clearstream Banking 
AG, Mergenthaler Allee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany][in case of another 
Central Securities Depositary insert: [●]], or any 
successor in such capacity (the "Clearing 
System"). 
Die Dauerglobalurkunde ist nur wirksam, wenn sie 
jeweils die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Vertreters der Emittentin tragen [(wobei diese 
Unterschrift als Faksimileunterschrift gemäß § 793 
Absatz 2 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuchs ("BGB") 
qualifizieren darf)] [und von der Zahlstelle (wie in 
§ [11][●](a) definiert) unterzeichnet oder in deren 
Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen 
sind]. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird bei dem 
Clearingsystem hinterlegt. Der Anspruch auf 
Ausgabe einzelner Schuldverschreibungen oder 
Zinsscheine ist ausgeschlossen.] 
 
The Permanent Global Note shall only be valid if it 
bears the handwritten signature of a representative 
of the Issuer [(whose signature may qualify as 
facsimile signature pursuant to § 793 (2) of the 
German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch 
("BGB")))] [and shall each be authenticated by or 
on behalf of the Paying Agent (as defined in 
§ [11][●](a) below)]. The Permanent Global Note 
will be deposited with the Clearing System. The 
right to require the issue of definitive Notes or 
interest coupons (Zinsscheine) has been excluded.] 
(d) Übertragbarkeit. 
 
(d) Transferability. 
Den Inhabern der Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Anleihegläubiger") stehen Miteigentumsanteile 
oder Rechte an der Globalurkunde zu, die nach 
Maßgabe des anwendbaren Rechts und der Regeln 
und 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Clearingsystems 
übertragen werden können. 
 
The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") will 
receive co-ownership participations in the Global 
Note, which are transferable in accordance with 
applicable law and the rules and regulations of the 
Clearing System. 
§ 2 Status der Schuldverschreibungen [und 
Negativverpflichtung] 
 
§ 2 Status of the Notes [and Negative Pledge] 
[(a)] Status. 
 
[(a)] Status.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
unmittelbare, unbedingte, [nicht] nachrangige und 
nicht besicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin[, 
die eine vorinsolvenzliche Durchsetzungssperre 
enthalten,][ und stehen im gleichen Rang 
untereinander und mindestens im gleichen Rang 
mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
soweit 
bestimmte zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen 
nichts anderes vorschreiben]. 
 
The 
Notes 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
[un]subordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer[, which provide for a pre-insolvency 
enforcement block,][ and rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future save for 
certain mandatory exceptions provided by law]. 
[(b) Negativverpflichtung. 
 
[(b) Negative pledge. 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich [und hat dafür 
Sorge 
zu 
tragen, 
dass 
sämtliche 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften], 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis 
zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
der 
Hauptzahlstelle 
[(wie 
in 
§ [11][●](a) definiert)] zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden sind, keine Grundpfandrechte, Pfandrechte, 
Belastungen oder sonstigen Sicherungsrechte 
(jedes solches Sicherungsrecht eine "Sicherheit") 
in Bezug auf ihren gesamten oder Teil ihres 
Geschäftsbetriebes, Vermögen oder Einkünfte, 
jeweils gegenwärtig oder zukünftig, zur Sicherung 
von 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
oder 
zur 
Sicherung einer von der Emittentin [oder einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften] gewährten Garantie oder 
Freistellung 
bezüglich 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit einer anderen Person 
zu bestellen oder fortbestehen zu lassen, ohne 
gleichzeitig 
oder 
zuvor 
alle 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge 
in 
gleicher Weise und in gleichem Rang Sicherheiten 
zu 
bestellen 
oder 
für 
alle 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge solch 
eine andere Sicherheit zu bestellen, die von einer 
unabhängigen, 
international 
anerkannten 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft als gleichwertig 
anerkannt wird. 
 
The Issuer undertakes [and undertakes to procure 
that all of its Subsidiaries], so long as any of the 
Notes are outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed 
at the disposal of the Principal Paying Agent [(as 
defined in § [11][●](a))], not to create or permit to 
subsist any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or other 
security interest (each such right a "Security") over 
the whole or any part of its undertakings, assets or 
revenues, present or future, to secure any Capital 
Market Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or 
indemnity given by the Issuer [or any of its 
Subsidiaries] in respect of any Capital Market 
Indebtedness of any other person, without, at the 
same time or prior thereto, securing all amounts 
payable under the Notes either with equal and 
rateable Security or providing all amounts payable 
under the Notes such other Security as shall be 
approved by an independent accounting firm of 
internationally recognized standing as being 
equivalent security. 
[Diese Verpflichtung gilt jedoch nicht für: 
 
[This undertaking shall not apply with respect to: 
(i) eine Sicherheit, die gesetzlich vorgeschrieben 
sind, oder die als Voraussetzung für staatliche 
Genehmigungen verlangt werden; 
(i) any Security which is provided for by law or 
which has been required as a condition precedent 
for public permissions; 
(ii) eine zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs von 
Vermögenswerten durch die Emittentin bereits an 
solchen Vermögenswerten bestehende Sicherheit, 
soweit 
eine 
solche 
Sicherheit 
nicht 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dem Erwerb oder in Erwartung 
des Erwerbs des jeweiligen Vermögenswerts 
(ii) any Security existing on assets at the time of the 
acquisition thereof by the Issuer, provided that such 
Security was not created in connection with or in 
contemplation of such acquisition and that the 
amount secured by such Security is not increased 
subsequently to the acquisition of the relevant

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
bestellt wurden und der durch die Sicherheit 
besicherte 
Betrag 
nicht 
nach 
Erwerb 
des 
betreffenden Vermögenswertes erhöht wird[;][.] 
assets[;][.] 
[(iii) 
eine 
Sicherheit, 
die 
von 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin an Forderungen 
bestellt wird, die ihr aufgrund der Weiterleitung 
von 
aus 
dem 
Verkauf 
von 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten erzielten Erlösen 
gegen die Emittentin zusteht, sofern eine solche 
Sicherheit der Besicherung von Verpflichtungen 
aus den jeweiligen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
der betreffenden Tochtergesellschaft dient.] 
[(iii) any Security which is provided by any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer with respect to any 
receivables of such Subsidiary against the Issuer 
which receivables exist as a result of the transfer 
of the proceeds from the sale by the subsidiary of 
any Capital Market Indebtedness, provided that 
any such Security serves to secure obligations 
under such Capital Market Indebtedness of the 
relevant Subsidiary.] 
[Im Sinne dieser Anleihebedingungen bedeutet 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
jede 
gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Verbindlichkeit 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Rückzahlung 
geliehener 
Geldbeträge, 
die 
durch 
besicherte 
oder 
unbesicherte Schuldverschreibungen, Anleihen 
oder sonstige Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder 
in einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapier- oder 
außerbörslichen Markt zugelassen sind, notiert 
oder gehandelt werden oder zugelassen, notiert 
oder gehandelt werden können.] 
[For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" shall mean any 
present or future obligation for the repayment of 
borrowed monies which is in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or other securities which are, 
or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or 
traded on any stock exchange, or other recognized 
over-the-counter or securities market.] 
["Tochtergesellschaft" 
für 
Zwecke 
[dieser 
Anleihebedingungen][dieses § 2(b)] bezeichnet 
jede voll konsolidierte Tochtergesellschaft der 
Emittentin.] 
["Subsidiary" for purposes of [these Terms and 
Conditions][this 
§ 2(b)] 
means 
any 
fully 
consolidated subsidiary of the Issuer.] 
[Eine nach diesem § 2(b) zu leistende Sicherheit 
kann auch zugunsten der Person eines Treuhänders 
der Anleihegläubiger bestellt werden.]]] 
[A Security pursuant to this § 2(b) may also be 
provided to a trustee of the noteholders.]]] 
[[(b)][(c)] [Qualifizierter] Rangrücktritt. 
[[(b)][(c)] 
[Qualified] 
[Subordination][subordination] clause. 
Im Fall der Insolvenz oder Liquidation der 
Emittentin 
[sowie 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
vorinsolvenzliche Durchsetzungssperre] sind die 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
In the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer [and 
in light of the pre-insolvency enforcement block], 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will 
rank: 
[(1)] nachrangig gegenüber allen ihren bestehenden 
oder 
künftigen, 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Finanzinstrumenten oder Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin[.][im 
Falle 
des 
qualifizierten 
Rangrücktritts einfügen: ; wobei gilt 
[(1)] junior to all present or future unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer[.] [in case 
of a qualified subordination clause insert: ; 
whereby: 
(i) 
sämtliche 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen, darunter insbesondere die 
Ansprüche auf Zahlung des Rückzahlungsbetrags 
und des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrages [und 
des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrages (Call)] 
[und des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrages (Put)] 
(i) all claims under the Notes, including but not 
limited to the claims for payment of the 
Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount [and the Call Early Redemption Amount] 
[and the Put Early Redemption Amount] and the 
payment of the interest coupon, applying in

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
und auf Einlösung des Zinskupons, in Anwendung 
des § 19 Absatz 2 Satz 2 Insolvenzordnung 
("InsO") gegenüber allen Forderungen anderer 
bestehender oder künftiger Gläubiger dergestalt im 
Rang 
nachgehen, 
dass 
Tilgungs- 
und 
Zinszahlungen auf den Schuldverschreibungen erst 
nach Befriedigung aller anderen Gläubiger, die die 
in § 39 Absatz 1 Nr. 1 InsO vereinbarte Rangfolge, 
d.h. den in § 39 Absatz 2 InsO vereinbarten 
Nachrang, einnehmen, verlangt werden können. 
Ein Verzicht auf die Forderungen ist nicht möglich; 
accordance with § 19 (2) sentence 2 of the German 
Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung ("InsO")) are 
subordinated to all claims of other current or future 
creditors in such a manner that any payments of 
principal and interest under the Notes may be 
demanded only after satisfaction of all other 
creditors ranking as stipulated in § 39 (1) nos. 1 to 
5 InsO, i.e. at the ranking position stipulated in § 39 
(2) InsO. A waiver with respect to the claims is not 
possible; 
(ii) Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
können nur aus künftigen Jahresüberschüssen, aus 
etwaigen Liquidationserlösen oder aus anderen 
verfügbaren Vermögenswerten verlangt werden; 
(ii) Payments under the Notes may only be 
demanded from future annual net profits, from any 
liquidation surplus or from other disposable assets; 
(iii) 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
keine 
Befriedigung ihrer Forderungen verlangen, wenn 
hierdurch 
in 
Anwendung 
des 
deutschen 
Insolvenzrechts 
die 
Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit der Emittentin herbeigeführt 
wird oder droht; 
(iii) the Noteholders may not demand satisfaction 
of their claims if this results, or threatens to result, 
in the Issuer becoming overindebted (überschuldet) 
or unable to pay its debts (zahlungsunfähig) within 
applying the meaning of German insolvency law; 
(iv) die Absätze (i) bis (iii) gelten sowohl vor wie 
auch nach der Eröffnung des Insolvenzverfahrens; 
(iv) Paragraphs (i) to (iii) apply both before and 
after the opening of insolvency proceedings; 
(v) im Übrigen sind die Anleihegläubiger ohne 
Einschränkungen berechtigt, ihre Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen geltend zu machen und 
Erfüllung zu verlangen. 
(v) apart from that, the Noteholders are entitled 
without restriction to assert their rights under the 
Notes and to claim performance. 
[Zur Klarstellung: Diese Regelung stellt einen 
Vertrag zugunsten der Gläubigergesamtheit der 
Emittentin in Anwendung des § 328 Absatz 2 
[BGB][Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch ("BGB")] dar. 
Eine Kündigung dieser Rangrücktrittsvereinbarung 
ohne Mitwirkung der Gläubiger ist daher nur 
zulässig, wenn die Insolvenzkriterien (Absatz (iii)) 
in Bezug auf die Emittentin nicht oder nicht länger 
erfüllt sind.]] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, this clause constitutes 
an agreement for the benefit of all creditors of the 
Issuer as a whole (Gläubigergesamtheit) applying 
within the meaning of § 328 (2) [BGB][of the 
German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch 
("BGB"))]. Any cancellation of this subordination 
agreement without the creditors' cooperation will 
therefore be permitted only in the event that the 
criteria for insolvency (paragraph (iii)) are not met 
or no longer met in respect of the Issuer.]] 
[Nachrangforderungen können solange und 
soweit nicht geltend zu machen, sofern diese 
Geltendmachung 
zur 
Eröffnung 
des 
Insolvenzverfahrens über das Vermögen der 
Emittentin führen würde, also zu einer 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit der Emittentin im Sinne 
von 
§ 
17 
InsO 
oder 
einer 
drohenden 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit der Emittentin im Sinne 
von § 18 InsO oder einer Überschuldung der 
Emittentin im Sinne von § 19 InsO führen würde 
(vorinsolvenzliche Durchsetzungssperre).] 
[Subordinated claims may not be asserted for as 
long as, and to the extent that, the assertion of 
such claims would lead to over-indebtedness of 
the Issuer within the meaning of § 17 InsO or 
imminent insolvency of the Issuer within the 
meaning of § 18 InsO or insolvency of the Issuer 
within the meaning of § 19 InsO (pre-insolvency 
enforcement block).]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
[Im Falle einer Zahlung der Emittentin, die 
gegen ein Zahlungsverbot verstößt, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, vom Anleihegläubiger die 
Rückzahlung 
des 
erhaltenen 
Betrags 
zu 
verlangen und gerichtlich geltend zu machen.] 
[In the event of a payment by the Issuer in 
breach of a payment prohibition, the Issuer is 
entitled to demand repayment of the amount 
received from the Noteholder and to take legal 
action.] 
[[(2)][●] gleichrangig (a) untereinander und (b) mit 
allen bestehenden oder künftigen Verpflichtungen 
aus anderen Tier-2-Instrumenten[; und][.]] 
[[(2)][●] pari passu (a) among themselves, and (b) 
with all present or future obligations under any 
other Tier 2 Instruments[; and][.]] 
[[(3)][●] vorrangig gegenüber allen bestehenden 
oder künftigen (a) Verpflichtungen aus AT-1-
Instrumenten und (b) allen übrigen nachrangigen 
Finanzinstrumenten oder Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin, 
die 
[(x)] 
gegenüber 
ihren 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen im Rang nachgehen [oder 
(y) mit Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus AT-1-
Instrumenten im Rang gleichgestellt sind].] 
[[(3)][●] senior to all present or future (a) 
obligations under any AT 1 Instruments, and (b) all 
other subordinated instruments or obligations of the 
Issuer ranking or expressed to rank [(x)] 
subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes [or (y) pari passu with obligations under 
any AT 1 Instruments].] 
[[(4)][●] 
Vollstreckungssperre/Zahlungsausfall 
vor der Insolvenz: 
[[(4)][●] Pre-insolvency enforcement block/non-
payment: 
[Wenn und soweit die teilweise oder vollständige 
Befriedigung einer oder mehrerer oder aller 
Forderungen 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
(z.B. 
Rückzahlung, 
Zinsen 
und 
sonstige 
Nebenforderungen) 
mindestens 
einen 
Eröffnungsgrund für ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen 
die Emittentin begründen würde, kann der 
Schuldverschreibungsinhaber 
diese 
Forderung 
oder 
diese 
Forderungen 
außerhalb 
des 
Insolvenzverfahrens 
nicht 
rechtsverbindlich 
geltend 
machen 
(Zahlungsverbot 
für 
den 
Anleihegläubiger). Das Zahlungsverbot gilt auf 
unbestimmte Zeit, bis die Erfüllung der Forderung 
durch die Emittentin keinen Grund mehr zur 
Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens gibt oder alle 
anderen Gläubiger der Emittentin der Aufhebung 
des Zahlungsverbotes zugestimmt haben. Dies 
bedeutet, 
dass 
Ansprüche 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erst dann außerhalb des 
Insolvenzverfahrens rechtlich durchgesetzt werden 
können, wenn das Zahlungsverbot aufgehoben 
ist.][insert other definition: [●]] 
[If and to the extent that the partial or complete 
satisfaction of one or more or all of the Noteholders' 
claims (e.g. repayment, interest and other ancillary 
claims) would give rise to at least one reason for 
opening insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, 
the Noteholder cannot enforce this claim or these 
claims in a legally binding manner outside of 
insolvency proceedings (payment ban for the 
Noteholder). The payment prohibition applies for 
an indefinite period until such time as the 
fulfillment of the claim by the Issuer no longer 
gives rise to a reason for opening insolvency 
proceedings or all other creditors of the Issuer have 
agreed to the lifting of the payment prohibition. 
This means that claims arising from the Notes can 
only be legally enforced outside insolvency 
proceedings once the payment prohibition has been 
lifted.][insert other definition: [●]] 
Qualifizierte Nachrangigkeitsvereinbarung: 
Qualified Subordination Agreement: 
Im Falle eines Insolvenzverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin oder der Liquidation der 
Emittentin sind 
die 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen nachrangig vor allen nicht 
nachrangigen Forderungen und allen nachrangigen 
Forderungen im Sinne des § 39 Abs. 1 Nr. 1 bis 5 
InsO. 
In the event of insolvency proceedings on the assets 
of the Issuer or the liquidation of the Issuer, the 
claims arising from the Notes shall rank behind all 
non-subordinated claims and all subordinated 
claims within the meaning of § 39 para. 1 nos. 1 to 
5 InsO.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Definition: 
Definition: 
[Eröffnungsgrund ist die Zahlungsunfähigkeit im 
Sinne 
des 
§ 
17 
InsO, 
die 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit im Sinne des § 18 InsO und 
die Überschuldung im Sinne des § 19 InsO; eine 
drohende Überschuldung stellt jedoch keinen 
Grund für die Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens 
dar.][andere Definition einfügen: [●]]] 
[Reason for opening insolvency proceedings refers 
to the inability to pay within the meaning of § 17 
InsO, imminent inability to pay within the meaning 
of § 18 InsO and overindebtedness within the 
meaning of § 19 InsO, however, an impending 
overindebtedness does not constitute reasons for 
opening insolvency proceedings.][insert other 
definition: [●]]] 
[[(c)][(d)] Keine Aufrechnung oder Sicherheit. 
[[(c)][(d)] No Set-off or Security. 
Eine Aufrechnung der Forderungen der Emittentin 
gegen 
die 
Rückzahlungsverpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen ist 
nicht zulässig, und weder die Emittentin noch 
Dritte sind berechtigt, vertragliche Sicherheiten für 
das mit den Schuldverschreibungen begründete 
Schuldverhältnis 
zu 
stellen. 
[Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind weder besichert noch 
Gegenstand einer Garantie, die den Vorrang der 
Forderungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
erhöht.] [Die Schuldverschreibungen unterliegen 
weder 
vertraglichen 
noch 
sonstigen 
Vereinbarungen, die den Vorrang der Forderungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen.] [Die 
unter Absatz [(b)][(c)] geregelte Nachrangigkeit 
darf durch nachträgliche Vereinbarungen nicht 
berührt oder beeinträchtigt werden.]] 
Claims of the Issuer are not permitted to be set-off 
against repayment obligations of the Issuer under 
these Notes, and no contractual collateral may be 
provided by the Issuer or any third person for the 
liabilities constituted by the Notes. [The Notes are 
neither secured nor subject to a guarantee that 
enhances the seniority of the claims under the 
Notes.] [The Notes are not subject to any 
arrangement, 
contractual 
or 
otherwise, 
that 
enhances the seniority of the claims under the 
Notes.] [No subsequent agreement may limit the 
subordination pursuant to paragraph [(b)][(c)].]] 
[§ 3 Finanzielle Verpflichtungen 
 
[§ 3 Financial Covenants 
[[(a)] Eigenkapitalquote. 
 
[[(a)] Equity Capital Ratio. 
Die Emittentin stellt sicher, dass sie eine 
Eigenkapitalquote 
von 
wenigstens 
[fünfundzwanzig][anderen Prozentsatz einfügen] 
[(25)][anderen Prozentsatz einfügen] Prozent 
aufrechterhalten wird. [Die Eigenkapitalquote 
errechnet sich in Übereinstimmung mit [HGB] 
[oder] [EU-IFRS] [oder] [IFRS] [nach Wahl der 
Emittentin].] 
 
The Issuer ensures that itself maintains an Equity 
Capital Ratio of at least [twenty-five][insert other 
percentage rate] [(25)][insert other percentage 
rate] percent. [The Equity Capital Ratio shall be 
calculated in accordance with [local GAP] [or] 
[EU-IFRS] [or] [IFRS] [at the Issuers' option].] 
Wobei gilt: 
 
Whereby: 
"Eigenkapitalquote" bedeutet das bilanzielle 
Eigenkapital dividiert durch die Bilanzsumme, 
wobei sämtliche Zahlen aus dem letzten geprüften 
Jahresabschluss der Emittentin zu ermitteln sind 
[und die Emittentin berechtigt ist, für Zwecke der 
Berechnung der Eigenkapitalquote die zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Emission 
genutzten 
Bilanzierungsmethoden – ggf. auch abweichend 
 
"Equity Capital Ratio" means the balance sheet 
equity divided by the balance sheet total, whereby 
all figures are to be determined from the last audited 
annual financial statements of the Issuer [and the 
Issuer is entitled, for the purpose of calculating the 
equity capital ratio, to continue the accounting 
methods used at the time of the issue – eventually 
also deviating from the audited [annual] [or] [semi-
annual] financial statements].

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
vom 
testierten 
[Jahresabschluss] 
[bzw.] 
[Halbjahresabschluss] – fortzuführen]. 
"Stichtag" bedeutet den 31. Dezember 20[●] [und 
jeden weiteren 31. Dezember] [eines jeden 
Kalenderjahres bis zum Fälligkeitstermin].] 
 
"Reporting Date" means the 31 December 20[●] 
[and each further 31 December] [of each calendar 
year until the Redemption Date].] 
[[(b)][●] Liquiditätsreserve. 
 
[[(b)][●] Liquidity Reserve. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich 
darauf 
hinzuwirken, dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften, 
sofern erforderlich und sofern sie Gewinne 
erwirtschaften, eine ausschüttungsfähige Liquidität 
aufweisen und zumindest so viele Mittel an die 
Emittentin ausschütten, dass die Emittentin stets in 
der Lage ist, ihre Verpflichtungen aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen zu erfüllen. 
 
The Issuer undertakes to ensure that its 
Subsidiaries, if necessary and if they generate 
profits, have distributable liquidity and distribute at 
least sufficient funds to the Issuer that the Issuer is 
always in a position to meet its obligations under 
these Terms and Conditions. 
["Tochtergesellschaft" 
für 
Zwecke 
[dieser 
Anleihebedingungen][dieses § [4(b)][●]] bedeutet 
jede vollkonsolidierte Tochtergesellschaft der 
Emittentin.]] 
 
["Subsidiary" for purposes of [these Terms and 
Conditions][this § [4(b)][●]] means any fully 
consolidated subsidiary of the Issuer.]] 
[[(c)][●] Informationspflichten. 
 
[[(c)][●] Information Obligation. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
den 
Anleihegläubigern in der Form des § [14][●] oder 
durch Veröffentlichung auf ihrer Internetseite 
[www.timberland-securities-investment.com] [eine 
andere Internetseite einfügen] [oder] [andere 
Internetseite einfügen] [bzw. einer [jeweiligen] 
Nachfolgeinternetseite] zur Verfügung zu stellen: 
 
The Issuer undertakes to provide the Noteholders in 
the form of § [14][●] or by publication on its 
website 
([www.timberland-securities-
investment.com] [insert any other website] [or] 
[insert other website] [or any successor website [in 
each case] thereof] with: 
[(i)] den geprüften Jahresabschluss zum [Datum 
einfügen] sobald verfügbar, jedoch nicht später als 
[9][andere Anzahl Monate einfügen] Monate nach 
dem Ende des Geschäftsjahres [Geschäftsjahr 
einfügen] sowie die geprüften Jahresabschlüsse für 
die darauf folgenden Geschäftsjahre sobald 
verfügbar, jedoch nicht später als [9][andere 
Anzahl Monate einfügen] Monate nach dem Ende 
eines 
jeden 
Geschäftsjahres 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Jahresabschluss-Veröffentlichungstag")[; 
und][.] 
 
[(i)] the audited annual financial statements as at 
[insert date] as available but not later than 
[9][insert other number of months] months after the 
end of the financial year [insert fiscal year] and the 
audited annual financial statements for subsequent 
financial years as available but not later than 
[9][insert other number of months] months after the 
end of each financial year (each an "Annual 
Financial Statement Publication Date")[; and][.] 
[[(ii)] sobald verfügbar, jedoch nicht später als 
[6][andere Anzahl Monate einfügen] Monate nach 
dem Ende eines jeden Geschäftshalbjahres (der 
"Halbjahresabschluss-Veröffentlichungstag" 
und 
zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Jahresabschluss-
Veröffentlichungstag, 
der 
"Veröffentlichungstag") den jeweiligen erstellten 
ungeprüften Halbjahresabschluss.]] 
 
[[(ii)] as soon as available, but not later than 
[6][insert other number of months] months after the 
end of each half fiscal year (the "Semi-Annual 
Financial Statement Publication Date" and 
together with the Annual Financial Statement 
Publication Date, the "Publication Date"), the 
relevant 
unaudited 
semi 
annual 
financial 
statement.]] 
[[(d)][●] Börsennotierung. 
 
[[(d)][●] Listing.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Die Emittentin wird dafür Sorge tragen, eine 
Notierung der Schuldverschreibungen in [ Märkte 
und 
Wertpapierbörsen 
bzw. 
Handelsplätze 
einfügen] bis spätestens zum [Datum einfügen] (der 
"Listing-Tag") 
herbeizuführen 
und 
bis 
zur 
Endfälligkeit 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
längstens 
jedoch 
bis 
zu 
dem 
Zeitpunkt 
aufrechtzuerhalten, 
in 
dem 
sämtliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückbezahlt 
oder 
zurückgekauft wurden.]] 
 
The Issuer will ensure that the Notes are listed on 
[insert relevant markets and stock exchanges or 
trading venues] on [insert date] (the "Listing 
Date") at the latest and will maintain such listing 
until final maturity of the Notes, but at the latest 
until 
all 
Notes 
have 
been 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased.]] 
§ [4][●] Verzinsung 
 
§ [4][●] Interest 
(a) Verzinsung. 
 
(a) Interest and interest rate. 
[im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die mit 
einem gleichbleibenden Kupon begeben werden 
einfügen: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden ab 
dem [Begebungstag einfügen] (einschließlich) (der 
"Begebungstag") bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag 
mit [Zinssatz einfügen] % jährlich (der "Zinssatz") 
verzinst[, wobei eine Zinszahlungspflicht nicht 
besteht, 
soweit 
aufgrund 
des 
vereinbarten 
[qualifizierten] 
Rangrücktritts 
[oder 
der 
vorinsolvenzlichen Durchsetzungssperre] gemäß 
§ 2[(b)][(c)] die Emittentin nicht zur Zahlung 
verpflichtet ist oder die Anleihegläubiger ihre 
Ansprüche nicht geltend machen dürfen]. Die 
Zinsen sind jährlich nachträglich jeweils am 
[Zinszahlungstag(e) einfügen] eines jeden Jahres 
(jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag" und der Zeitraum 
ab dem Begebungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach 
von jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
jeweils 
eine 
"Zinsperiode") 
zahlbar. Die erste Zinszahlung wird am [erster 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] fällig.] 
 
[in case of Notes to be issued with a constant 
coupon insert: The Notes will bear interest on their 
principal amount at a rate of [insert interest rate] % 
per annum (the "Interest Rate") as from [insert 
issue date] (the "Issue Date") [, whereby no 
obligation to pay interest applies if, on the basis of 
the agreed [qualified] subordination [or the pre-
insolvency 
enforcement 
block] 
pursuant 
to 
§ 2[(b)][(c)], the Issuer is not obliged to pay or the 
Noteholders may not assert their claims]. Interest is 
payable in arrears on [insert interest payment 
date(s)] of each year (each an "Interest Payment 
Date" and the period from the Issue Date 
(inclusive) up to the first Interest Payment Date 
(exclusive) and thereafter as from any Interest 
Payment Date (inclusive) up to the next following 
Interest Payment Date (exclusive) being an 
"Interest Period"). The first interest payment will 
be due on [insert first interest payment date].] 
Die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen endet 
mit Beginn des Tages, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung 
fällig werden, oder, sollte die Emittentin eine 
Zahlung aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen bei 
Fälligkeit nicht leisten, mit Beginn des Tages der 
tatsächlichen Zahlung. [In einem solchen Fall 
fallen auf den ausstehenden Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Fälligkeitstag (wie 
in § [5][●][(a)] definiert) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) Zinsen 
zum gesetzlich festgelegten Satz für Verzugszinsen 
an2.][Der Zinssatz erhöht sich in diesem Fall um 
 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the 
beginning of the day they are due for redemption, 
or, in case the Issuer fails to make any payment 
under the Notes when due, from the beginning of 
the day on which such payment is made. [In such 
case interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes beyond 
the Redemption Date (as defined in § [5][●][(a)]) 
(including) until the date of the actual redemption 
of the Notes (excluding) at the default rate of 
interest established by law2.][In such case, the 
Interest Rate shall be increased by [5][insert 
                                                     
2 
[Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten 
Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB. 
3 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from 
time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
[5][Prozentpunkt(e) 
einfügen] 
Prozentpunkt[e] 
p.a.] 
percentage point(s)] percentage point[s] per 
annum.] 
[Sind Zinsen im Hinblick auf einen Zeitraum zu 
berechnen, der kürzer oder länger als eine 
Zinsperiode ist, so werden sie berechnet auf der 
Grundlage 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
tatsächlichen 
verstrichenen Tage im relevanten Zeitraum 
(gerechnet 
vom 
letzten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich)) dividiert durch die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der Tage der Zinsperiode (365 Tage bzw. 
366 
Tage 
im 
Falle 
eines 
Schaltjahrs) 
(Actual/Actual).] 
 
[Where interest is to be calculated in respect of a 
period which is shorter or longer than an Interest 
Period the interest will be calculated on the basis of 
the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant 
period (from and including the most recent Interest 
Payment Date) divided by the actual number of 
days of the Interest Period (365 days and 366 days, 
respectively, 
in 
case 
of 
a 
leap 
year) 
(Actual/Actual).] 
[im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die mit 
einem ansteigenden Kupon begeben werden: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden, bezogen auf ihren 
Nennbetrag, mit dem maßgeblichen Zinssatz – wie 
in der nachstehenden Tabelle festgelegt (der 
"Maßgebliche Zinssatz") – verzinst. Zinsen sind, 
beginnend mit dem [Begebungstag einfügen] (der 
„Begebungstag“) für jede Zinsperiode (jede 
Zinsperiode 
eine 
"Zinsperiode") 
an 
einem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(jeder 
Zinszahlungstag 
ein 
"Zinszahlungstag") zu zahlen. 
 
[in case the Notes are issued with an increasing 
coupon insert: The Notes shall bear interest on their 
principal amount at the relevant interest rate as set 
out in the table below (the "Relevant Interest 
Rate"). Interest shall be scheduled to be paid for 
each interest period (each such period, an "Interest 
Period") on an interest payment date (each such 
date, an "Interest Payment Date", commencing on 
[insert date] (the "Issue Date"). 
 
Zinsperiode 
vom 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
(ausschließlich) 
Zinszahlungs-
tag 
Maßgeblicher 
Zinssatz 
[fest-
gelegte 
Daten] 
[fest-
gelegte 
Daten] 
[festgelegte 
Daten] 
[festgelegte 
Zinssätze] 
 
 
Interest Period 
from 
(and excluding) to (but 
excluding) 
Interest 
Payment Date 
Relevant 
Interest Rate 
[specified 
dates] 
[specified 
dates] 
[specified 
dates] 
[specified 
interest rates] 
Die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen endet 
mit Beginn des Tages, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung 
fällig werden, oder, sollte die Emittentin eine 
Zahlung aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen bei 
Fälligkeit nicht leisten, mit Beginn des Tages der 
tatsächlichen Zahlung. Der Maßgebliche Zinssatz 
erhöht sich in diesem Fall um [5][Prozentpunkt(e) 
einfügen] Prozentpunkt[e] p.a. 
 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the 
beginning of the day they are due for redemption, 
or, in case the Issuer fails to make any payment 
under the Notes when due, from the beginning of 
the day on which such payment is made. In such 
case, the Relevant Interest Rate shall be increased 
by [5][insert percentage point(s)] percentage 
point[s] per annum. 
[Sind Zinsen im Hinblick auf einen Zeitraum zu 
berechnen, der kürzer oder länger als eine 
Zinsperiode ist, so werden sie berechnet auf der 
Grundlage 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
tatsächlichen 
verstrichenen Tage im relevanten Zeitraum 
(gerechnet 
vom 
letzten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich)) dividiert durch die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der Tage der Zinsperiode (365 Tage bzw. 
366 
Tage 
im 
Falle 
eines 
Schaltjahrs) 
(Actual/Actual).]] 
 
[Where interest is to be calculated in respect of a 
period which is shorter or longer than an Interest 
Period the interest will be calculated on the basis of 
the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant 
period (from and including the most recent Interest 
Payment Date) divided by the actual number of 
days of the Interest Period (365 days and 366 days, 
respectively, 
in 
case 
of 
a 
leap 
year) 
(Actual/Actual).]]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
[(b) Zinssatzerhöhung. 
 
[(b) Interest rate increase. 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, sofern die 
Emittentin 
im 
Wege 
einer 
Veröffentlichungsmitteilung bekannt gibt, dass  
 
The Issuer undertakes, in the event that Issuer 
notifies by way of a Disclosure Notification that 
[- die Eigenkapitalquote (ermittelt nach den 
Vorgaben gemäß § 3[(a)]) zum jeweiligen Stichtag 
die in § 3[(a)]) benannte Quote unterschritten 
haben[,][; oder]] 
 
[- the Equity Capital Ratio (determined in 
accordance with § 3[(a)]) as of the relevant 
Reporting Date is below the ratio as set out in 
§ 3[(a)][,][; or]] 
[- die Informationspflichten nach § 3[(c)][●] zum 
jeweiligen 
[Jahresabschluss-
Veröffentlichungstag][Veröffentlichungstag] nicht 
erfüllt wurden[,][; oder]] 
 
[- the information obligation in accordance with 
§ 3[(c)][●] has not been fulfilled in time at the 
relevant [Annual Financial Statement Publication 
Date][Publication Date][,][; [or]] 
[- 
die 
Verpflichtung 
nach 
§ 3[(d)][●] 
zur 
Börsennotierung nicht spätestens am Listing-Tag 
erfüllt wurde,] 
 
[- the obligation in accordance with § 3[(d)][●] 
relating to the listing has not been fulfilled on the 
Listing Date at the latest,] 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
jeweils 
Maßgeblichen 
Zinsperiode 
einem 
Erhöhten 
Zinssatz (per annum) zu verzinsen. Die Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
eine 
jede 
Veröffentlichungsmitteilung 
mindestens 
[20][andere Anzahl Tage einfügen] Tage vor einem 
jeden Zinszahlungstag auf der Internetseite der 
Emittentin 
unter 
[www.timberland-securities-
investment.com] 
[eine 
andere 
Internetseite 
einfügen] [oder] [andere Internetseite einfügen] 
[bzw. einer [jeweiligen] Nachfolgeinternetseite] zu 
veröffentlichen. 
 
to pay an Increased Interest Rate (per annum) on 
the Notes during the Relevant Interest Period. The 
Issuer undertakes to publish any Disclosure 
Notification at least [20][insert other number of 
days] days prior to each Interest Payment Date on 
the Issuer's website [www.timberland-securities-
investment.com] [insert any other website] [or] 
[insert other website] [or any successor website [in 
each case] thereof. 
[Mit Bezug auf einen Fall nach § 3[(a)] gilt, dass 
eine Unterschreitung der Eigenkapitalquote als 
eingetreten gilt, wenn auf Basis des jeweils 
maßgeblichen festgestellten Jahresabschlusses die 
Verminderung der Eigenkapitalquote festgestellt 
wurde.] 
 
[With respect to § 3[(a)] a shortfall in the Equity 
Capital Ratio is deemed to have occurred if the 
reduction in the Equity Capital Ratio was 
determined on the basis of the relevant adopted 
annual financial statements.] 
Wobei gilt: 
 
Whereby: 
"Erhöhter Zinssatz" bedeutet einen Zinssatz (per 
annum), zu zahlen auf die Schuldverschreibungen, 
korrespondierend 
mit 
der 
Summe 
aus 
[Maßgeblichem] Zinssatz und [0,5][Prozentpunkte 
einfügen] Prozentpunkten. 
 
"Increased Interest Rate" means an interest rate 
(per annum) to be applied on the Notes and which 
reflects the sum of the [Relevant] Interest Rate and 
[0.5][insert percentage points] percentage points. 
"Maßgebliche Zinsperiode" bedeutet diejenige 
Zinsperiode, beginnend mit dem ersten Tag dieser 
Zinsperiode (einschließlich) und endend mit dem 
letzten Tag dieser Zinsperiode (ausschließlich), 
welcher derjenigen Zinsperiode folgt, in der eine 
Veröffentlichungsmitteilung 
bekannt 
gemacht 
wurde. 
 
"Relevant Interest Period" means the interest 
period from the first day of this interest period 
(inclusive) to the last day of this interest period 
(exclusive) which follows the Interest Period in 
which a Disclosure Notification has been 
published.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
"Veröffentlichungsmitteilung" 
bedeutet 
eine 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
§ 
[14][●] 
über 
[die 
Unterschreitung 
der 
Eigenkapitalquote 
nach 
§ 3[(a)] zum jeweils letzten Stichtag] [und] [der 
Verletzung 
der 
Informationspflichten 
nach 
§ 3[(c)][●]] [und] [die Verletzung der Pflicht zur 
Börsennotierung nach § 3[(d)][●]] [und [●]].]] 
 
"Disclosure Notification" means a notification in 
accordance with § [14][●] regarding [the shortfall 
of the Equity Capital Ratio in accordance with 
§ 3[(a)] as per the each recent Reporting Date] 
[and] [the breach of the information obligation in 
accordance with § 3[(c)][●]] [and] [the breach of 
the 
listing 
obligation 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 3[(d)][●]] [and [●]].]] 
§ [5][●] Fälligkeit, Rückzahlung [, vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung [aus steuerlichen Gründen,] [, 
nach Wahl der Emittentin] [, nach Wahl der 
Anleihegläubiger]] 
[sowie 
Rückkauf] 
[und 
Entwertung] 
 
§ [5][●] Maturity, Redemption [, Early 
Redemption [for Tax Reasons] [, at the Option 
of the Issuer] [, at the Option of the 
Noteholders]] 
[and 
Repurchase] 
[and 
Cancellation] 
[(a)] Fälligkeit und Rückzahlung. 
 
[(a)] Maturity and redemption. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
am 
[Fälligkeitstermin 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstermin") zum Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(der "Rückzahlungsbetrag") zurückgezahlt[, es 
sei denn, die Emittentin ist aufgrund des 
vereinbarten [qualifizierten] Rangrücktritts [oder 
der 
vorinsolvenzlichen 
Durchsetzungssperre] 
gemäß § 2[(b)][(c)] nicht zur Zahlung verpflichtet 
oder die Anleihegläubiger dürfen ihre Ansprüche 
nicht geltend machen]. Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung ist [[●] % 
des][der] 
Nennbetrag[s] 
[[plus][minus] 
[Euro][andere 
Währung 
einfügen] 
[Betrag 
einfügen]]. [Vorbehaltlich der Vorschriften von 
§ [8][●] findet eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung [außer 
in den nachstehend genannten Fällen] nicht statt.] 
 
The Notes will be redeemed at the redemption 
amount (the "Redemption Amount") on [insert 
redemption date] (the "Redemption Date")[, 
unless, on the basis of the agreed [qualified] 
subordination [or the pre-insolvency enforcement 
block] pursuant to § 2[(b)][(c)], the Issuer is not 
obliged to pay or the Noteholders may not assert 
their claims]. The Redemption Amount in respect 
of each Note shall be [[●] % of] the principal 
amount 
[[plus][minus] 
[Euro][insert 
other 
currency] [insert amount]]. [Subject to the 
provisions of § [8][●], there will be no early 
redemption [except in the following cases].] 
[(b) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen. 
 
[(b) Early redemption for tax reasons. 
Sollte die Emittentin zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt in 
der Zukunft aufgrund einer Änderung des in Malta 
geltenden 
Rechts 
oder 
seiner 
amtlichen 
Anwendung verpflichtet sein oder zu dem 
nächstfolgenden Zahlungstermin für Kapital oder 
Zinsen verpflichtet werden, Zusätzliche Beträge 
(wie in § [7][●](a) definiert) zu zahlen, und diese 
Verpflichtung 
nicht 
durch 
das 
Ergreifen 
vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermeiden können, so ist 
die Emittentin mit einer Frist von wenigstens 
[30][andere Anzahl Tage einfügen] Tagen und 
höchstens [60][andere Anzahl Tage einfügen] 
Tagen berechtigt, durch Bekanntmachung gemäß 
§ [14][●] die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt 
zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zum Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag bis zu dem Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
zuzüglich 
 
If at any future time as a result of a change of the 
laws applicable in Malta or a change in their official 
application, the Issuer is required, or at the time of 
the next succeeding payment due in respect of 
principal or interest will be required, to pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § [7][●](a)), and 
such obligation cannot be avoided taking 
reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the 
Issuer will be entitled, upon not less than 
[30][insert other number of days] days' and not 
more than [60][insert other number of days] days' 
notice to be given by publication in accordance 
with § [14][●], to redeem all Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount plus accrued and unpaid 
interest to (but excluding) the Early Redemption 
Date interest.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
aufgelaufener und noch nicht gezahlter Zinsen zu 
kündigen.  
Eine Kündigung gemäß diesem § [5][●](b) darf 
allerdings nicht (i) früher als [90][andere Anzahl 
Tage einfügen] Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin 
erfolgen, 
an 
dem 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen, 
falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu 
dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
No notice of redemption pursuant to this § [5][●](b) 
shall be given (i) earlier than [90][insert other 
number of days] days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obligated to pay 
Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes was then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice 
is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung ist unwiderruflich und 
muss den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungstag nennen 
sowie 
eine 
zusammenfassende 
Erklärung 
enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and must 
specify the Early Redemption Date and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem. 
"Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag" für Zwecke 
[dieser Anleihebedingungen][dieses § [5][●](b)] 
bezeichnet 
[[●] % 
des][den] 
Nennbetrag[s] 
[[plus][minus] [Euro][andere Währung einfügen] 
[Betrag einfügen]]. 
"Early Redemption Amount" for purposes of 
[these Terms and Conditions][this § [5][●](b)] 
means 
[[●] % 
of] 
the 
principal 
amount 
[[plus][minus] [Euro][insert other currency] [insert 
amount]]. 
"Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet 
denjenigen Tag, der in der gemäß § [14][●] 
bekannt gemachten Kündigungserklärung als Tag 
der Rückzahlung festgelegt wurde.] 
"Early Redemption Date" means the date 
specified in the redemption notice issued in 
accordance with § [14][●] as the relevant date for 
redemption.] 
[[(c)][●] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
 
[[(c)][●] Early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
ausstehende 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einer 
Frist 
von 
mindestens [10][andere Anzahl Tage einfügen] und 
höchstens [20][andere Anzahl Tage einfügen] 
Tagen durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § [14][●] 
zum 
[jeweiligen] 
Vorzeitigen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstagzuzüglich aufgelaufener und noch 
nicht gezahlter Stückzinsen insgesamt zu kündigen 
und vorzeitig zum [jeweiligen] Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) zurückzuzahlen. [Der 
Vorzeitige 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
wird 
für 
Zwecke der Berechnung etwaiger Stückzinsen 
nicht mitgezählt.] 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled, by giving not less than 
[10][insert other number of days] nor more than 
[20][insert other number of days] days' notice by 
publication in accordance with § [14][●], to redeem 
outstanding Notes, in whole, no earlier than the 
[relevant] Call Early Redemption Dates at the 
[relevant] Call Early Redemption Amount plus 
accrued and unpaid interest. [For the purpose of the 
calculation of accrued interest, if any, the 
respective Call Early Redemption Date shall not be 
counted.] 
 
Vorzeitige[r] 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[e] 
Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
[festgelegte Daten] 
[festgelegter Betrag] 
[festgelegte Daten] 
[festgelegter Betrag] 
 
Call Early Redemption 
Dates[s] 
Call Early Redemption 
Amount 
[specified dates] 
[specified amount] 
[specified dates] 
[specified amount]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach § [5(c)][●] ist den 
Anleihegläubigern durch Bekanntmachung gemäß 
§ [14][●] 
bekanntzugeben. 
Die 
Kündigungserklärung muss zwingend folgenden 
Angaben enthalten: (i) den Vorzeitigen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag und (ii) den Vorzeitigen Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. Der 
Vorzeitige 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
muss 
ein 
Geschäftstag im Sinne von § [6][●](c) sein. Eine 
solche Kündigungserklärung ist unwiderruflich. 
Im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
gekündigten 
Schuldverschreibungen endet die Verzinsung mit 
dem letzten Tag vor dem Vorzeitigen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag. 
The early redemption of the Notes pursuant to 
§ [5(c)][●] shall be declared to the Noteholders by 
publication in accordance with § [14][●]. Such 
notice of termination shall mandatorily specify the 
following details: (i) the Call Early Redemption 
Date and (ii) the Call Early Redemption Amount at 
which the Notes are to be redeemed. The Call Early 
Redemption Date must be a Business Day within 
the meaning of § [6][●](c). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable. In respect of the Notes which are 
subject to redemption the entitlement to interest 
shall end with the day immediately preceding the 
Call Early Redemption Date. 
[Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung bereits ein Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § [5(d)][●] 
verlangt hat.] 
[The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect 
of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note under 
§ [5(d)][●].] 
[[(d)][●] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Anleihegläubiger bei einem Kontrollwechsel. 
 
[[(d)][●] Early redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a change of control. 
Wenn ein Kontrollwechsel eintritt, ist jeder 
Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, von der Emittentin die 
Rückzahlung oder, nach Wahl der Emittentin, den 
Ankauf seiner Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin (oder auf ihre Veranlassung durch einen 
Dritten) zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) insgesamt oder teilweise zu verlangen (die 
"Put Option"). Eine solche Ausübung der Put 
Option wird jedoch nur dann wirksam, wenn 
innerhalb 
des 
Put-Rückzahlungszeitraums 
Anleihegläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von mindestens [90][anderen 
Prozentsatz einfügen] % des Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
noch 
insgesamt 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen von der Put 
Option Gebrauch gemacht haben. 
 
If a Change of Control occurs, each Noteholder 
shall have the right to require the Issuer to redeem 
or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase by a third party of) in whole or in part his 
Notes at the Put Early Redemption Amount (the 
"Put Option"). An exercise of the Put Option shall, 
however, only become valid if during the Put 
Period Noteholders of Notes with an aggregate 
principal amount of at least [90][insert other 
percentage rate] % of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount of the Notes then outstanding have 
exercised the Put Option. 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" liegt vor, wenn eines der 
folgenden Ereignisse eintritt: 
"Change of Control" means the occurrence of any 
of the following events: 
(i) die Emittentin erlangt Kenntnis davon, dass eine 
Dritte Person oder gemeinsam handelnde Dritte 
Personen 
im 
Sinne 
von 
§ 2 
Absatz 
5 
Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz (jeweils 
ein "Erwerber") der rechtliche Eigentümer von 
mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte der Emittentin 
geworden ist; oder 
(i) the Issuer becomes aware that any Third Person 
or group of Third Persons acting in concert within 
the meaning of § 2 (5) of the German Securities 
Acquisition 
and 
Takeover 
Act 
(Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz, 
WpÜG) (each an "Acquirer") has become the legal 
owner of more than 50 % of the voting rights of the 
Issuer; or

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(ii) die Verschmelzung der Emittentin mit oder auf 
eine Dritte Person oder die Verschmelzung einer 
Dritten Person mit oder auf die Emittentin, oder der 
Verkauf 
aller 
oder im 
Wesentlichen 
aller 
Vermögensgegenstände [(auf konsolidierter Basis 
betrachtet)] der Emittentin an eine Dritte Person. 
Dies gilt nicht für Verschmelzungen oder Verkäufe 
im Zusammenhang mit Rechtsgeschäften, in deren 
Folge (A) im Falle einer Verschmelzung die 
Inhaber von 100 % der Stimmrechte der Emittentin 
wenigstens die Mehrheit der Stimmrechte an dem 
überlebenden Rechtsträger unmittelbar nach einer 
solchen Verschmelzung halten und (B) im Fall des 
Verkaufs von allen oder im Wesentlichen allen 
Vermögensgegenständen 
der 
erwerbende 
Rechtsträger 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
Emittentin ist oder wird und Garantin bezüglich der 
Schuldverschreibungen wird. 
(ii) the merger of the Issuer with or into a Third 
Person or the merger of a Third Person with or into 
the Issuer, or the sale of all or substantially all of 
the assets [(determined on a consolidated basis)] of 
the Issuer to a Third Person, other than in a 
transaction following which (A) in the case of a 
merger holders that represented 100 % of the voting 
rights of the Issuer own directly or indirectly at least 
a majority of the voting rights of the surviving 
person immediately after such merger and (B) in 
the case of a sale of all or substantially all of the 
assets, each transferee becomes a guarantor in 
respect of the Notes and is or becomes a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer. 
[Als Kontrollwechsel ist es nicht anzusehen, wenn 
sich nach der Zulassung der Anteile der Emittentin 
zum Handel an [einem regulierten Markt] [oder] 
[einem MTF-Markt] [oder] [einem OTF-Markt] 
einer deutschen Wertpapierbörse oder einem 
vergleichbaren Marktsegment einer ausländischen 
Wertpapierbörse weniger als 50 % der Stimmrechte 
an 
der 
Emittentin 
im 
Eigentum 
einer 
Holdinggesellschaft der Emittentin befinden. Als 
Kontrollwechsel ist es ebenfalls nicht anzusehen, 
wenn Anteile an der Emittentin im Wege der 
Erbfolge übergehen.] 
[It shall not be qualified as a Change of Control, 
however, if following the admission of the Issuer's 
shares to trading on [the regulated market] [or] [a 
MTF-market] [or] [an OTF-market] of a German 
stock exchange or an equivalent market segment of 
a foreign stock exchange less than 50 % of the 
voting rights of the Issuer are owned by a holding 
company of the Issuer. It shall also not be qualified 
as a Change of Control, if shares of the Issuer or 
any other participating interest will be transferred 
by testamentary or hereditary succession.] 
Wenn ein Kontrollwechsel eintritt, wird die 
Emittentin unverzüglich, nachdem sie hiervon 
Kenntnis 
erlangt, 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
Mitteilung vom Kontrollwechsel gemäß § [14][●] 
machen (die "Put-Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in 
der die Umstände des Kontrollwechsels sowie das 
Verfahren für die Ausübung der in diesem 
§ [5][●][(d)] genannten Put Option angegeben 
sind. 
If a Change of Control occurs, then the Issuer shall, 
without undue delay, after becoming aware thereof, 
give notice of the Change of Control (a "Put Event 
Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
§ [14][●] specifying the nature of the Change of 
Control and the procedure for exercising the Put 
Option contained in this § [5][●][(d)]. 
Die Ausübung der Put Option gemäß § [5(d)][●] 
muss durch den Anleihegläubiger innerhalb eines 
Zeitraums von [30][andere Anzahl Tage einfügen] 
Tagen, nachdem die Put-Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
veröffentlicht 
wurde 
(der 
"Put-
Rückzahlungszeitraum"), schriftlich gegenüber 
der Depotbank (wie in § [16][●](d) definiert) des 
Anleihegläubigers erklärt werden (die "Put-
Ausübungserklärung"). Die Emittentin wird nach 
ihrer 
Wahl 
die 
maßgebliche(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) [sieben][andere Anzahl 
Tage 
einfügen] 
Tage 
nach 
Ablauf 
des 
Rückzahlungszeitraums 
(der 
"Put-
The exercise of the Put Option pursuant to 
§ [5(d)][●] must be declared by the Noteholder 
within [30][insert other number of days] days after 
a Put Event Notice has been published (the "Put 
Period") to the Depositary Bank (as defined in 
§ [16][●](d)) of such Noteholder in writing (the 
"Put Notice"). The Issuer shall redeem or, at its 
option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the 
relevant Note(s) on the date [seven][insert other 
number of days] days after the expiration of the Put 
Period (the "Put Redemption Date") unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Rückzahlungstag") zurückzahlen oder erwerben 
(bzw. erwerben lassen), soweit sie nicht bereits 
vorher zurückgezahlt oder erworben und entwertet 
wurde(n). Die Abwicklung erfolgt über die 
Emittentin. 
Eine 
einmal 
gegebene 
Put-
Ausübungserklärung ist unwiderruflich.] 
made through the Issuer. A Put Notice, once given, 
shall be irrevocable.] 
"Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put)" 
bezeichnet 
[[●] % 
des][den] 
Nennbetrag[s] 
[[plus][minus] [Euro][andere Währung einfügen] 
[Betrag einfügen]]. 
 
"Put Early Redemption Amount" means [[●] % 
of] 
the 
principal 
amount 
[[plus][minus] 
[Euro][insert other currency] [insert amount]]. 
["Dritte Person" bezeichnet jede Person außer der 
Emittentin.] 
 
["Third Person" means any person other than the 
Issuer.] 
["Tochtergesellschaft" 
für 
Zwecke 
dieses 
§ [5(d)][●] bezeichnet jede voll konsolidierte 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin.] 
 
["Subsidiary" for purposes of this § [5(d)][●] 
means any fully consolidated subsidiary of the 
Issuer.] 
[[(e)][●] Rückkauf. 
 
[[(e)][●] Repurchase. 
Die Emittentin kann jederzeit und zu jedem Preis 
im 
Markt 
oder 
auf 
andere 
Weise 
Schuldverschreibungen ankaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden.] 
 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the 
market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Paying 
Agent for cancellation.] 
[[(f)][●] Entwertung. 
 
[[(f)][●] Cancellation. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich 
zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden.] 
 
All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled 
forthwith and may not be reissued or resold.] 
§ [6][●] Zahlungen und Hinterlegung 
 
§ [6][●] Payments and Deposit 
(a) Zahlungen. 
 
(a) Payments. 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, Kapital und 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit in [Euro][andere Währung einfügen] zu 
zahlen. Die Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen 
erfolgt, vorbehaltlich geltender steuerrechtlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften, 
über 
die 
Hauptzahlstelle 
zur 
Weiterleitung an das Clearingsystem oder nach 
dessen Weisung zur Gutschrift für die jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber. Zahlungen an das Clearingsystem 
oder nach dessen Weisung befreien die Emittentin 
in Höhe der geleisteten Zahlung von ihren 
entsprechenden 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. Eine Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital oder 
Zinsen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließt 
 
The Issuer undertakes to pay, as and when due, 
principal and interest on the Notes in [Euros][insert 
other currency]. Payment of principal and interest 
on the Notes shall be made, subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, through the 
Principal Paying Agent for on-payment to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
respective account holders. Payments to the 
Clearing System or to its order shall to the extent of 
amounts so paid constitute the discharge of the 
Issuer from its corresponding liabilities under the 
Notes. Any reference in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to principal or interest will 
be deemed to include any Additional Amounts as 
set forth in § [7][●](a).

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
jegliche Zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § [7][●](a) ein. 
Falls eine Zahlung auf Kapital oder Zinsen (sowie 
andere auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge) an einem Tag zu leisten ist, der kein 
Geschäftstag ist, so erfolgt die Zahlung am 
nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag. In diesem Fall steht 
den betreffenden Anleihegläubigern weder eine 
Zahlung noch ein Anspruch auf Verzugszinsen 
oder eine andere Entschädigung wegen dieser 
Verzögerung zu. 
 
If any payment of principal or interest (as well as 
any amounts payable on the Notes) is to be effected 
on a day other than a Business Day, payment will 
be effected on the next following Business Day. In 
this case, the relevant Noteholders will neither be 
entitled to any payment claim nor to any interest 
claim or other compensation with respect to such 
delay. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[und 
den 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[und 
den 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)] [und den Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put)] sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, 
soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § [7][●](a) 
zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
 
References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: the Redemption Amount 
[and the Early Redemption Amount] [and the Call 
Early Redemption Amount] [and the Put Early 
Redemption Amount] and any premium and any 
other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under § [7][●](a). 
"Geschäftstag" 
für 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet jeden Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das 
Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 (TARGET) 
und (ii) das Clearingsystem geöffnet sind und 
Zahlungen weiterleiten. 
 
"Business Day" for purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which (i) the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 (TARGET) and (ii) the Clearing 
System are operating and settle payments. 
(b) Hinterlegungen. 
 
(b) Deposits. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, bei dem Amtsgericht 
Duisburg Zins- und Kapitalbeträge (sowie andere 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge) 
zu hinterlegen, die von den Anleihegläubigern 
nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem 
relevanten Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, 
auch wenn die Anleihegläubiger sich nicht im 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
betreffenden Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
 
The Issuer may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Duisburg principal and interest (as 
well as any amounts payable on the Notes) not 
claimed by Noteholders within twelve months after 
the relevant due date, even though such 
Noteholders may not be in default of acceptance of 
payment (Annahmeverzug). If and to the extent that 
the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal 
is waived, the relevant claims of such Noteholders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ [7][●] Steuern 
 
§ [7][●] Taxes 
(a) Generelle Besteuerung. 
 
(a) General taxation.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Sämtliche in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlenden Beträge werden ohne Abzug oder 
Einbehalt von oder wegen gegenwärtiger oder 
zukünftiger Steuern oder sonstiger Abgaben 
jedweder Art gezahlt, die durch oder für Malta oder 
für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung 
einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde durch Abzug 
oder Einbehalt an der Quelle auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
All amounts payable under the Notes will be paid 
without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by way of deduction or 
withholding at source by or on behalf of Malta or 
by or on behalf of any political subdivision or 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
unless such deduction or withholding is required by 
law. 
In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die 
"Zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, um 
sicherzustellen, dass der nach einem solchen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt verbleibende Nettobetrag 
denjenigen Beträgen entspricht, die ohne solchen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt zu zahlen gewesen wären. 
In such event the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as may be 
necessary in order that the net amounts after such 
deduction or withholding will equal the amounts 
that would have been payable if no such deduction 
or withholding had been made. 
Zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § [7][●] sind nicht 
zahlbar wegen Steuern, Abgaben am amtlichen 
Gebühren, die 
 
No Additional Amounts will be payable pursuant to 
§ [7][●] with respect to taxes, duties or government 
charges which 
(i) 
von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu 
entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus 
den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital 
oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; 
oder 
(i) are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Noteholder, 
or otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the Issuer 
from payments of principal or interest made by it; 
or 
(ii) durch den Anleihegläubiger wegen einer 
gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung zu Malta oder zu einem 
anderen Mitgliedstaat der Europäischen Union zu 
zahlen sind, aber nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen in Malta stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; 
(ii) are payable by reason of the Noteholder having, 
or having had, some personal or business 
connection with Malta or another member state of 
the European Union and not merely by reason of 
the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, 
or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or are secured in, Malta; 
(iii) aufgrund (A) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (B) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der Malta oder die Europäische 
Union beteiligt ist, oder (C) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(iii) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (A) any 
European 
Union 
Directive 
or 
Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (B) 
any international treaty or understanding relating to 
such taxation and to which Malta or the European 
Union is a party, or (C) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced to 
conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding; or

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(iv) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als [30][andere Anzahl Tage 
einfügen] Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies 
später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung 
aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § [14][●] wirksam wird. 
(iv) are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than [30][insert other 
number of days] days after the relevant payment of 
principal or interest becomes due, or, if this occurs 
later, after all due amounts have been duly provided 
for and a publication to that effect has been 
published in accordance with § [14][●]. 
(b) Verpflichtung zur Information. 
 
(b) Obligation to notify. 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, die Zahlstelle 
unverzüglich zu informieren, wenn sie zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt gesetzlich verpflichtet ist, 
von aufgrund dieser Anleihebedingungen fälligen 
Zahlungen Abzüge oder Einbehalte vorzunehmen 
(oder 
wenn 
sich 
die 
Sätze 
oder 
die 
Berechnungsmethoden 
solcher 
Abzüge 
oder 
Einbehalte ändern). 
 
The Issuer undertakes to immediately notify the 
Paying Agent if it is at any time required by law to 
make deductions or withholdings (or if the rates or 
methods of calculating such deductions or 
withholdings change) from payments due under 
these Terms and Conditions. 
§ [8][●] Kündigungsrecht der Anleihegläubiger 
 
§ [8][●] Events of Default 
(a) Ausschluss der ordentlichen Kündigung. 
(a) Exclusion of the ordinary right to call. 
Das 
ordentliche 
Kündigungsrecht 
der 
Anleihegläubiger ist ausgeschlossen. 
The Noteholder's right to call is excluded. 
(b) Außerordentliche Kündigung. 
(b) Extraordinary termination. 
Jeder Anleihegläubiger ist berechtigt, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen 
und 
deren 
sofortige 
Tilgung 
zum 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls 
Each Noteholder will be entitled to declare his 
Notes due and demand immediate redemption of its 
Notes at the Early Redemption Amount plus 
accrued interest, if 
[[(i)] die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht 
innerhalb von [7][andere Anzahl Tage einfügen] 
Tagen nach dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt[, 
wobei eine Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen 
der Anleihegläubiger und eine entsprechende 
Rückzahlungspflicht der Emittentin nicht bestehen, 
soweit aufgrund des vereinbarten [qualifizierten] 
Rangrücktritts gemäß § 2[(b)][(c)] [oder der 
vorinsolvenzlichen 
Durchsetzungssperre] 
die 
Emittentin nicht zur Zahlung verpflichtet ist oder 
die Anleihegläubiger ihre Ansprüche nicht geltend 
machen dürfen][;]] 
[[(i)] the Issuer fails to provide principal or interest 
within [7][insert other number of days] days from 
the relevant due date[, whereby no right of the 
Noteholders to terminate the Notes and no relevant 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem apply if, on the 
basis of the agreed [qualified] subordination [or the 
pre-insolvency enforcement block] pursuant to 
§ 2[(b)][(c)], the Issuer is not obliged to pay or the 
Noteholders may not assert their claims];] 
[[(ii)][●] 
die 
Emittentin 
irgendeine 
andere 
wesentliche 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
ordnungsgemäß 
erfüllt und die Unterlassung, sofern sie nicht heilbar 
ist, länger als [30][andere Anzahl Tage einfügen] 
Tage fortdauert, nachdem die Emittentin hierüber 
eine 
Benachrichtigung 
von 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger erhalten hat;] 
[[(ii)][●] the Issuer fails to duly perform any other 
material obligation arising from the Notes and such 
default, except where such default is incapable of 
remedy, continues unremedied for more than 
[30][insert other number of days] days after the 
Issuer has received notice thereof from a 
Noteholder;]

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
[[(iii)][●] die Emittentin [oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft] schriftlich erklärt, dass sie ihre 
Schulden bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlen kann 
(Zahlungseinstellung);] 
[[(iii)][●] the Issuer [or a Material Subsidiary] 
states in writing that it is unable to pay its debts as 
they become due (Cessation of payment);] 
[[(iv)][●] die Emittentin [oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft] eine Zahlungsverpflichtung in 
Höhe von insgesamt mehr als [EUR][anderes 
Währungskürzel einfügen] [Betrag einfügen] (in 
Worten: [Euro][andere Währung einfügen] [Betrag 
einfügen]) aus einer Finanzverbindlichkeit oder 
aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die für 
solche Verbindlichkeiten Dritter gegeben wurde, 
bei (ggf. vorzeitiger) Fälligkeit und nach Ablauf 
einer Frist von [30][andere Anzahl Tage einfügen] 
Tagen 
nach 
Inanspruchnahme 
nicht 
erfüllt 
(Drittverzug);] 
[[(iv)][●] the Issuer [or a Material Subsidiary] fails 
to fulfil any payment obligation in excess of a total 
amount of [EUR][insert other currency code] 
[insert amount] (in words: [insert amount] 
[Euros][insert other currency]) under any Financial 
Indebtedness, or under any guaranty or suretyship 
for any such indebtedness of a third party, when due 
(including in case of any possible acceleration) and 
within [30][insert other number of days] days after 
being invoked (Cross Default);] 
[[(v)][●] (A) ein Insolvenzverfahren über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin [oder einer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft] eröffnet wird, oder (B) die 
Emittentin 
[oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft] 
ein 
solches 
Verfahren 
einleitet oder beantragt, oder (C) ein Dritter ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin [oder eine 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft] beantragt und 
ein solches Verfahren nicht innerhalb einer Frist 
von [30][andere Anzahl Tage] Tagen aufgehoben 
oder ausgesetzt worden ist, es sei denn es wird 
mangels Masse abgewiesen oder eingestellt;] 
[[(v)][●] 
(A) 
the 
Issuer's 
[or 
a 
Material 
Subsidiary's] assets have been subjected to an 
insolvency proceeding, or (B) the Issuer [or a 
Material Subsidiary] applies for or institutes such 
proceedings or (C) a third party applies for 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer [or a 
Material Subsidiary] and such proceedings are not 
discharged or stayed within [30][insert other 
number of days] days, unless such proceeding is 
dismissed due to insufficient assets;] 
[[(vi)][●] die Emittentin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit 
ganz einstellt oder ihr gesamtes oder wesentliche 
Teile ihres Vermögens an Dritte (außer der 
Emittentin 
[oder 
eine 
ihrer 
jeweiligen 
Tochtergesellschaften]) abgibt und dadurch der 
Wert des Vermögens der Emittentin [(auf 
Konzernebene)] wesentlich vermindert wird. Eine 
solche wesentliche Wertminderung wird im Falle 
einer Veräußerung von Vermögen angenommen, 
wenn 
der 
Wert 
der 
veräußerten 
Vermögensgegenstände 
[50 %][anderen 
Prozentsatz 
einfügen] 
der 
[konsolidierten] 
Bilanzsumme der Emittentin übersteigt;] 
[[(vi)][●] the Issuer ceases its business operations 
in whole or sells or transfers its assets in whole or a 
material part thereof to a third party (except for the 
Issuer [and any of its Subsidiaries]) and this causes 
a substantial reduction of the value of the assets of 
the Issuer [(on a consolidated basis)]. In the event 
of a sale of assets such a substantial reduction shall 
be assumed if the value of the assets sold exceeds 
[50 %][insert other percentage rate] of the 
[consolidated] total assets and liabilities of the 
Issuer;] 
[[(vii)][●] die Emittentin [oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft] in Liquidation tritt, es sei 
denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Umwandlung 
und 
die 
andere 
oder 
neue 
Gesellschaft übernimmt im Wesentlichen alle 
Aktiva und Passiva der Emittentin [oder der 
[[(vii)][●] the Issuer [or a Material Subsidiary] 
goes into liquidation, unless this is effected in 
connection with a merger or another form of 
amalgamation with another company or in 
connection with a restructuring, and the other or the 
new company effectively assumes substantially all 
of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer [or the 
Material Subsidiary], including all obligations of 
the Issuer arising in connection with the Notes;]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft], einschließlich 
aller Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
hat;] 
[[(viii)][●] die Emittentin eine "Unzulässige 
Ausschüttung" an ihre Anteilseigner in einem 
Geschäftsjahr vornimmt, die mehr als [50 % des 
Jahresüberschusses der Emittentin (nach Abzug 
von Anteilen Dritter am Jahresüberschuss)][●], der 
im 
jeweils 
vorangegangenen 
Geschäftsjahr, 
beginnend mit dem Jahresüberschuss für das 
Geschäftsjahr 
[20[●]][anderes 
Geschäftsjahr 
einfügen], erwirtschaftet wurde, beträgt. Hiervon 
ausgenommen sind gesetzliche und in dem 
Gesellschaftsvertrag der Emittentin begründete 
Zahlungsansprüche.] 
[[(viii)][●] the Issuer makes a "Prohibited 
Disbursement" to its shareholders (Anteilseigner) 
in a financial year that amount to more than [50 % 
of the Issuer's net income (after deduction of any 
third party interests in the net income)][●], which is 
generated in the preceding financial year, 
beginning with the net income for the financial year 
[20[●]][insert other financial year]. Exceptions to 
this are statutory based payment claims or payment 
claims in connection with the Issuer's articles of 
association.] 
["Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag" bedeutet 
[[●] % des][den] Nennbetrag[s] [[plus][minus] 
[Euro][andere 
Währung 
einfügen] 
[Betrag 
einfügen]].] 
["Early Redemption Amount" means [[●] % of] 
the principal amount [[plus][minus] [Euro][insert 
other currency] [insert amount]].] 
["Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet 
eine Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin, (i) deren 
Umsatzerlöse 
[10][anderen 
Prozentsatz 
einfügen] % der konsolidierten Umsatzerlöse der 
Emittentin 
übersteigen 
oder 
(ii) 
deren 
Bilanzsumme 
[10][anderen 
Prozentsatz 
einfügen] % der konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der 
Emittentin übersteigt, wobei die Schwelle jeweils 
anhand der Daten in dem jeweils letzten geprüften 
oder, im Fall von Halbjahreskonzernabschlüssen, 
ungeprüften Konzernabschluss der Emittentin nach 
[HGB] [oder] [EU-IFRS] [oder] [International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)] und in dem 
jeweils letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder 
(soweit 
nicht 
verfügbar) 
ungeprüften 
nicht 
konsolidierten 
Abschluss 
der 
betreffenden 
Tochtergesellschaft zu ermitteln ist.] 
["Material Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer (i) whose revenues exceed [10][insert other 
percentage rate] % of the consolidated revenues of 
the Issuer or (ii) whose total assets and liabilities 
exceed [10][insert other percentage rate] % of the 
consolidated total assets and liabilities of the Issuer, 
where each threshold shall be calculated on the 
basis of the last audited or, in case of half yearly 
accounts, 
unaudited 
consolidated 
financial 
statements of the Issuer in accordance with [local 
GAP] [or] [EU-IFRS] [or] [the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)] and in the 
last audited (if available) or (if unavailable) 
unaudited unconsolidated financial statements of 
the relevant Subsidiary.] 
["Finanzverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet 
(i) 
Verpflichtungen aus der Aufnahme von Darlehen, 
(ii) Verpflichtungen unter Schuldverschreibungen, 
Schuldscheinen oder ähnlichen Schuldtiteln, (iii) 
die 
Hauptverpflichtung 
aus 
Akzept-, 
Wechseldiskont und ähnlichen Instrumenten und 
(iv) Verpflichtungen unter Finanzierungsleasing 
und Sale- und Leaseback-Vereinbarungen sowie 
Factoring-Vereinbarungen.] 
["Financial 
Indebtedness" 
shall 
mean 
(i) 
indebtedness for borrowed money, (ii) obligations 
evidenced by bonds, debentures or other similar 
instruments, (iii) the principal component of 
obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers' 
acceptances and similar instruments, and (iv) 
capitalized lease obligations and attributable 
indebtedness related to sale/leaseback transactions 
and factoring agreements.] 
(c) Ausschluss der Kündigung. 
 
(c) Exclusion of termination. 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
The right to declare the Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption shall cease if the reason for 
the termination has been rectified before the

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
exercise of the termination right. 
(d) Benachrichtigung. 
 
(d) Notification. 
Eine Benachrichtigung oder Kündigung gemäß 
§ [8][●](a) 
ist 
durch 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache 
gegenüber der Emittentin zu erklären und 
zusammen mit dem Nachweis in Form einer 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank gemäß § [16][●](d) 
oder in einer anderen geeigneten Weise, dass der 
Benachrichtigende 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Benachrichtigung Anleihegläubiger ist, persönlich 
oder mittels Brief an die Emittentin zu übermitteln. 
Eine Benachrichtigung oder Kündigung wird 
jeweils mit Zugang bei der Emittentin wirksam. 
 
A 
notification 
or 
termination 
pursuant 
to 
§ [8][●](a) has to be effected by the Noteholder in 
writing in the German or English language vis-a-vis 
the Issuer together with a special confirmation of 
the 
Depositary 
Bank 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ [16][●](d) hereof or in any other adequate manner 
evidencing that the notifying person is a Noteholder 
as per the notification, to be delivered personally or 
by mail to the Issuer. A notification or termination 
will become effective upon receipt thereof by the 
Issuer.  
[§ [9][●] Beschränkung hinsichtlich bestimmter 
Zahlungen 
 
[§ [9][●] Limitation on certain Payments 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, [keine][weder 
selbst noch über eine Tochtergesellschaft eine] 
Dividendenzahlung oder sonstige Ausschüttungen 
an einen direkten oder indirekten Gesellschafter 
vorzunehmen, 
die 
[50][anderen 
Prozentsatz 
einfügen] % des im [konsolidierten und] geprüften 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
festgestellten 
Gewinns übersteigen. Hiervon ausgenommen sind 
gesetzliche und in dem Gesellschaftsvertrag der 
Emittentin begründete Zahlungsansprüche.] 
 
The Issuer undertakes [not][, neither directly nor 
through any of its subsidiaries,] to pay out any 
dividend or to make any other distribution to a 
direct or indirect shareholder, which exceeds 
[50][insert other percentage rate] % of the result 
after taxation determined by [the consolidated and] 
audited Annual Report of the Issuer of the 
respective year, save for any legally bases payment 
claims or payment claims in connection with the 
Issuer's articles of association.] 
§ [10][●] Vorlegungsfrist und Verjährung 
 
§ [10][●] Presentation Period and Prescription 
Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß § 801 Absatz 1 
Satz 1 BGB für die Schuldverschreibungen beträgt, 
abweichend von der gesetzlichen Regelung, zehn 
Jahre. Die Verjährungsfrist für Ansprüche aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
innerhalb 
der 
Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung vorgelegt wurden, 
beträgt zwei Jahre von dem Ende der betreffenden 
Vorlegungsfrist an. 
 
Waiving the statutory provisions, the period for 
presentation of the Notes (in accordance with 
§ 801 (1) sentence 1 BGB) will be ten years. The 
period of limitation for claims under the Notes 
presented during the period for presentation will be 
two years calculated from the expiration of the 
relevant presentation period. 
§ [11][●] Zahlstelle 
 
§ [11][●] Paying Agent 
(a) Bestellung. 
 
(a) Appointment. 
(a) Die [flatex Bank AG, eingetragen im 
Handelsregister des Amtsgerichts Frankfurt am 
Main unter der Nummer HRB 105687 und der 
Geschäftsanschrift: 
Rotfeder-Ring 
7, 
60327 
Frankfurt am Main][Baader Bank AG, eingetragen 
im Handelsregister des Amtsgerichts München 
unter der Nummer HRB 121537 und der 
Geschäftsanschrift: 
Weihenstephaner 
Straße 4, 
85716 Unterschleißheim] [●], (die "Zahlstelle") ist 
Hauptzahlstelle. Die Zahlstelle in ihrer Eigenschaft 
 
(a) [flatex Bank AG, registered in the commercial 
register kept with the local court (Amtsgericht) 
Frankfurt am Main, registration number HRB 
105687 with business address at: Rotfeder-Ring 7, 
60327 Frankfurt am Main][Baader Bank AG, 
registered in the commercial register kept with the 
local court (Amtsgericht) München registration 
number HRB 121537 with business address: 
Weihenstephaner 
Straße 
4, 
85716 
Unterschleißheim][●], (the "Paying Agent") will

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
als Hauptzahlstelle und jede an ihre Stelle tretende 
Hauptzahlstelle 
werden 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auch als "Hauptzahlstelle" 
bezeichnet. Die Hauptzahlstelle behält sich das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere Geschäftsstelle 
in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
be the Principal Paying Agent. The Principal Agent 
in its capacity as Principal Paying Agent and any 
successor Principal Paying Agent are also referred 
to in these Terms and Conditions as "Principal 
Paying Agent". The Principal Paying Agent 
reserves the right at any time to change its specified 
offices to some other office in the same city. 
(b) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
 
(b) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin wird dafür Sorge tragen, dass stets 
eine Hauptzahlstelle vorhanden ist. Die Emittentin 
ist berechtigt, andere Banken von internationalem 
Standing als Hauptzahlstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin ist weiterhin berechtigt, die Bestellung 
einer Bank zur Hauptzahlstelle zu widerrufen. Im 
Falle einer solchen Abberufung oder falls die 
bestellte Bank nicht mehr als Hauptzahlstelle tätig 
werden kann oder will, bestellt die Emittentin eine 
andere Bank von internationalem Standing als 
Hauptzahlstelle. Eine solche Bestellung oder ein 
solcher Widerruf der Bestellung ist gemäß 
§ [14][●] oder, falls dies nicht möglich sein sollte, 
durch 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
in 
sonstiger Weise bekannt zu machen. 
 
The Issuer will procure that there will at all times 
be a Principal Paying Agent. The Issuer is entitled 
to appoint banks of international standing as 
Principal Paying Agent. Furthermore, the Issuer is 
entitled to terminate the appointment of the 
Principal Paying Agent. In the event of such 
termination or such bank being unable or unwilling 
to continue to act as Principal Paying Agent, the 
Issuer will appoint another bank of international 
standing as Principal Paying Agent. Such 
appointment or termination will be published 
without undue delay in accordance with § [14][●], 
or, should this not be possible, be published by way 
of a public publication in another way. 
(c) Status. 
 
(c) Status. 
Die Hauptzahlstelle ist in dieser Funktion 
ausschließlich 
Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin. 
Zwischen 
der 
Hauptzahlstelle 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern besteht kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis. 
 
The Principal Paying Agent acting in such capacity, 
act only as agent of the Issuer. There is no agency 
or fiduciary relationship between the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(d) Befreiung von den Beschränkungen des § 181 
BGB. 
 
(d) Exemption from the restrictions of § 181 BGB. 
Die Hauptzahlstelle ist von den Beschränkungen 
des § 181 BGB und etwaigen gleichartigen 
Beschränkungen des anwendbaren Rechts anderer 
Länder befreit. 
 
The Principal Paying Agent is hereby granted 
exemption from the restrictions of § 181 BGB and 
any similar restrictions of the applicable laws of 
any other country. 
§ 
[12][●] 
Begebung 
weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
§ [12][●] Further Issuances of Notes 
Die Emittentin behält sich vor, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
im 
wesentlichen 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
wie 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(gegebenenfalls 
mit 
Ausnahme 
des 
Begebungstages, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) 
in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen zu einer einheitlichen Serie 
von Schuldverschreibungen konsolidiert werden 
können und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag erhöhen. Der 
 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue from time to 
time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
additional notes with substantially identical terms 
as the Notes (as the case may be, except for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or 
issue price), in a manner that the same can be 
consolidated to form a single series of Notes and 
increase the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes. The term "Note" will, in the event of such 
consolidation, also comprise such additionally 
issued Notes. The Issuer shall, however, not be

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Begriff "Schuldverschreibung" umfasst im Falle 
einer 
solchen 
Konsolidierung 
auch 
solche 
zusätzlich begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen, die mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen keine Einheit bilden 
und die über andere Ausstattungsmerkmale 
verfügen, sowie die Begebung von anderen 
Schuldtiteln bleiben der Emittentin unbenommen. 
limited in issuing additional notes, which are not 
consolidated with the Notes and which provide for 
different terms, as well as in issuing any other debt 
securities. 
§ [13][●] Änderung der Anleihebedingungen 
durch Beschluss der Anleihegläubiger und 
gemeinsamer Vertreter 
 
§ [13][●] Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions by resolution of the Noteholders and 
Common Representative 
(a) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. 
 
(a) Amendments to the Terms and Conditions. 
Die Anleihebedingungen können durch die 
Emittentin mit Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger 
aufgrund Mehrheitsbeschlusses nach Maßgabe der 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Gesamtemissionen ("SchVG") in seiner 
jeweiligen gültigen Fassung geändert werden. Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen, mit 
den in dem nachstehenden § [13][●](b) genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger 
verbindlich. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss der Anleihegläubiger, der nicht 
gleiche Bedingungen für alle Anleihegläubiger 
vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die 
benachteiligten Anleihegläubiger stimmen ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
The Issuer may amend the Terms and Conditions 
with consent by a majority resolution of the 
Noteholders pursuant to § 5 et seq. of the German 
Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz iiber 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
("SchVG")), as amended from time to time. In 
particular, the Noteholders may consent to 
amendments 
which 
materially 
change 
the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, including 
such measures as provided for under § 5 (3)SchVG, 
by resolutions passed by such majority of the votes 
of the Noteholders as stated under § [13][●](b) 
below. A duly passed majority resolution shall be 
binding upon all Noteholders. Resolutions which 
do not provide for identical conditions for all 
Noteholders are void, unless Noteholders who are 
disadvantaged have expressly consented to their 
being treated disadvantageously. 
(b) Qualifizierte Mehrheit. 
 
(b) Qualified Majority. 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und der 
Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen die Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen 
Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch welche der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, 
insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 
Nummern 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen 
zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine "qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). 
 
Except as provided by the following sentence and 
provided that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Noteholders may pass resolutions by 
simple majority of the voting rights participating in 
the vote. Resolutions which materially change lhe 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5 (3) numbers 1 through 
9 SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of at 
least 75 % of the voting rights participating in the 
vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
(c) Beschlussfassung. 
 
(c) Passing of resolutions. 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger werden entweder 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
nach 
§ [13][●](c)(i) oder im Wege der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung nach § [13][●](c)(ii) getroffen. 
 
Resolutions of the Noteholders shall be made either 
in a Noteholder's meeting in accordance with 
§ [13][●](c)(i) or by means of a vote without a 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
accordance § [13][●](c)(ii). 
(i) Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im Rahmen 
einer Gläubigerversammlung werden nach §§ 9 ff. 
SchVG 
getroffen. 
Anleihegläubiger, 
deren 
Schuldverschreibungen zusammen 5 % des jeweils 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erreichen, 
können 
schriftlich 
die 
Durchführung 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach Maßgabe von § 9 
SchVG 
verlangen. 
Die 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
regelt 
die 
weiteren 
Einzelheiten 
der 
Beschlussfassung 
und 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
werden 
in 
der 
Tagesordnung die Beschlussgegenstände sowie die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt gegeben. Für die 
Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung oder die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist eine Anmeldung der 
Anleihegläubiger 
vor 
der 
Versammlung 
erforderlich. Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am 
dritten Kalendertag vor der Gläubigerversammlung 
zugehen. 
(i) Resolutions of the Noteholders in a Noteholder's 
meeting shall be made in accordance with § 9 et 
seq. SchVG. Noteholders holding Notes in the total 
amount of 5 % of the outstanding Aggregate 
Principal Amount of the Notes may request, in 
writing, to convene a Noteholders' meeting 
pursuant to § 9 SchVG. The convening notice of a 
Noteholders' meeting will provide the further 
details relating to the resolutions and the voting 
procedure. The subject matter of the vote as well as 
the proposed resolutions will be notified to 
Noteholders in the agenda of the Noteholders' 
meeting. The attendance at the Noteholders' 
meeting or the exercise of voting rights requires a 
registration of the Noteholders prior to the meeting. 
Any such registration must be received at the 
address stated in the convening notice by no later 
than the third calendar day preceding the 
Noteholders' meeting. 
(ii) Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung werden nach § 18 
SchVG 
getroffen. 
Anleihegläubiger, 
deren 
Schuldverschreibungen zusammen 5 % des jeweils 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erreichen, 
können 
schriftlich die Durchführung einer Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung nach Maßgabe von § 9 i.V.m. 
§ 18 SchVG verlangen. Die Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe durch den Abstimmungsleiter regelt 
die weiteren Einzelheiten der Beschlussfassung 
und der Abstimmung. Mit der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe werden die Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie die Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt gegeben. 
(ii) Resolutions of the Noteholders by means of a 
voting 
not 
requiring 
a 
physical 
meeting 
(Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) shall be made in 
accordance § 18 SchVG. Noteholders holding 
Notes in the total amount of 5 % of the outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes may 
request, in writing, the holding of a vote without a 
meeting pursuant to § 9 in connection with § 18 
SchVG. The request for voting as submitted by the 
chairman (Abstimmungsleiter) will provide the 
further details relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to 
Noteholders together with the request for voting. 
(d) Stimmrecht. 
 
(d) Voting right. 
An Abstimmungen der Anleihegläubiger nimmt 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner 
Berechtigung 
an 
den 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. Das Stimmrecht ruht, 
solange die Anteile der Emittentin oder einem mit 
ihr verbundenen Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 
Handelsgesetzbuch) zustehen oder für Rechnung 
der Emittentin oder eines mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmens gehalten werden. Die Emittentin 
darf Schuldverschreibungen, deren Stimmrechte 
ruhen, einem anderen nicht zu dem Zweck 
 
Each Noteholder participating in any vote shall cast 
votes in accordance with the nominal amount or the 
notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. As long as the entitlement to the Notes lies 
with, or the Notes are held for the account of, the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)), 
the right to vote in respect of such Notes shall be 
suspended. The Issuer may not transfer Notes, of 
which the voting rights are so suspended, to another 
person for the purpose of exercising such voting 
rights in the place of the Issuer; this shall also apply

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
überlassen, die Stimmrechte an ihrer Stelle 
auszuüben; dies gilt auch für ein mit der Emittentin 
verbundenes Unternehmen. Niemand darf das 
Stimmrecht zu dem in Satz 3 erster Halbsatz 
bezeichneten Zweck ausüben. 
to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be 
permitted to exercise such voting right for the 
purpose stipulated in sentence 3, first half sentence, 
herein above. 
(e) Nachweise. 
 
(e) Proof of eligibility. 
Anleihegläubiger haben die Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung zum Zeitpunkt der 
Stimmabgabe durch besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank gemäß § [16][●](d) und die Vorlage 
eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank zugunsten der 
von der Emittentin mit der Tagesordnung für die 
Abstimmung benannten Hinterlegungsstelle, die 
nicht 
die 
Zahlstelle 
sein 
wird, 
für 
den 
Abstimmungszeitraum nachzuweisen. 
 
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote at the time of voting by 
means of a special confirmation of the Depositary 
Bank in accordance with § [16][●](d) hereof and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Depositary Bank for the benefit of the depository 
(Hinterlegungsstelle), as specified by the Issuer 
together with agenda for the vote and being 
different from the Paying Agent, for the voting 
period. 
(f) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
(f) Common Representative. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrung ihrer Rechte nach 
Maßgabe des SchVG einen gemeinsamen Vertreter 
für alle Anleihegläubiger (der "gemeinsame 
Vertreter") bestellen: 
 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Common 
Representative") in accordance with the SchVG to 
exercise the Noteholders' rights on behalf of all 
Noteholders: 
(i) Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt wurden. Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat 
die Weisungen der Anleihegläubiger zu befolgen. 
Soweit 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
zur 
Geltendmachung 
von 
Rechten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen 
Anleihegläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei 
denn, 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Anleihegläubigern zu 
berichten. Die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn der gemeinsame Vertreter ermächtigt wird, 
wesentlichen Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen 
gemäß § [13][●](b) zuzustimmen. 
(i) The Common Representative shall have the 
duties and powers provided by law or granted by 
majority resolution of the Noteholders. The 
Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the extent that 
the Common Representative has been authorized to 
assert certain rights of the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in 
the relevant majority resolution. The Common 
Representative shall provide reports to the 
Noteholders on its activities. The appointment of a 
Common Representative by a Qualified Majority is 
required if such Common Representative is to be 
authorised to consent to a material change in the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions as set out in 
§ [13][●](b) hereof. 
(ii) Der gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den 
Anleihegläubigern jederzeit ohne Angabe von 
Gründen abberufen werden. Der gemeinsame 
Vertreter kann von der Emittentin verlangen, alle 
Auskünfte zu erteilen, die zur Erfüllung der ihm 
übertragenen Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die 
durch die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters 
entstehenden 
Kosten 
und 
Aufwendungen, 
einschließlich einer angemessenen Vergütung des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters, trägt die Emittentin. 
(ii) The Common Representative may be removed 
from office at any time by the Noteholders without 
specifying 
any 
reasons. 
The 
Common 
Representative may demand from the Issuer to 
furnish 
all 
information 
required 
for 
the 
performance of the duties entrusted to it. The Issuer 
shall bear the costs and expenses arising from the 
appointment 
of 
a 
Common 
Representative, 
including reasonable remuneration of the Common 
Representative.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(iii) Der gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den 
Anleihegläubigern als Gesamtgläubiger für die 
ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben; bei 
seiner Tätigkeit hat er die Sorgfalt eines 
ordentlichen und gewissenhaften Geschäftsleiters 
anzuwenden. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
kann 
durch 
Beschluss 
der 
Anleihegläubiger beschränkt werden. Über die 
Geltendmachung 
von 
Ersatzansprüchen 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
gegen 
den 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter entscheiden die Anleihegläubiger. 
(iii) The Common Representative shall be liable for 
the performance of its duties towards the 
Noteholders who shall be joint and several creditors 
(Gesamtgläubiger); in the performance of its duties 
it shall act with the diligence and care of a prudent 
business manager. The liability of the Common 
Representative may be limited by a resolution 
passed by the Noteholders. The Noteholders shall 
decide 
upon 
the 
assertion 
of 
claims 
for 
compensation of the Noteholders against the 
Common Representative. 
(g) Mitteilungen. 
 
(g) Notices. 
Mitteilungen betreffend diesen § [13][●] erfolgen 
gemäß den §§ 5 ff. SchVG sowie nach § [14][●]. 
 
Any notices concerning this § [13][●] shall be 
made in accordance with § 5 et seq. SchVG and 
§ [14][●]. 
§ [14][●] Bekanntmachungen 
 
§ [14][●] Publications 
(a) Regelungen über Bekanntmachungen. 
 
(a) Provisions for Publications. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffende 
Bekanntmachungen werden auf der Internetseite 
der Emittentin unter [www.timberland-securities-
investment.com] 
[eine 
andere 
Internetseite 
einfügen] [oder] [andere Internetseite einfügen] 
[bzw. einer [jeweiligen] Nachfolgeinternetseite] 
und 
sofern 
zwingend 
vorgeschrieben, 
im 
Bundesanzeiger 
veröffentlicht. 
Eine 
Bekanntmachung 
gilt 
mit 
dem 
Tag 
ihrer 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Bekanntmachungen mit dem Tage der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als erfolgt. 
 
Publications relating to the Notes will be published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
[www.timberland-
securities-investment.com] 
[insert 
any 
other 
website] [or] [insert other website] [or any 
successor website [in each case] thereof] and, to the 
extent mandatorily required, in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). A publication will be deemed to 
be made on the day of its publication (or in the case 
of more than one publication on the day of the first 
publication). 
(b) Sofern die Regularien der Wertpapierbörse, an 
der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, dies 
zulassen, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
Bekanntmachungen auch durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Anleihegläubiger oder durch eine schriftliche 
Mitteilung direkt an die Anleihegläubiger zu 
bewirken. 
Bekanntmachungen 
über 
das 
Clearingsystem gelten [sieben][andere Anzahl 
Tage einfügen] Tage nach der Bekanntmachung an 
das Clearingsystem, direkte Bekanntmachungen an 
die Anleihegläubiger mit ihrem Zugang als 
bewirkt. 
 
(b) The Issuer shall also be entitled to make 
publication 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders or directly by way of a written notice 
to the Noteholders provided this complies with the 
rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed. Publication vis-à-vis the Clearing System 
will be deemed to be effected [seven][insert other 
number of days] days after the publication to the 
Clearing System, direct publication of the 
Noteholders will be deemed to be effected upon 
their receipt. 
[§ [15][●] Ersetzung der Emittentin 
 
[§ [15][●] Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) Ersetzung. 
 
(a) Substitution. 
Für 
den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
Tilgung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ohne Verzug erfolgt, ist die 
Emittentin jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung 
der Anleihegläubiger an ihrer Statt eine andere 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, if no payment of 
principal of any of the Notes is in default, to 
substitute for itself as the Issuer another person (the

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Person (der "Ersatzemittent") als Hauptschuldner 
der Schuldverschreibungen für alle sich aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenden 
Anleiheverpflichtungen einzusetzen, die zum 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung und nach Ansicht der 
Emittentin ihrem Rang und ihrer Bonität nach der 
Emittentin 
mindestens 
gleichgestellt 
ist, 
vorausgesetzt: 
"Substitute Issuer") as principle debtor under all 
Notes in respect of any and all obligations arising 
from and in connection with the Notes, which is, on 
the date of such substitution and in the opinion of 
the Issuer, of at least the equivalent standing and 
creditworthiness to the Issuer provided that: 
(i) der Ersatzemittent ist zahlungsfähig und kann 
allen 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen fristgemäß nachkommen; 
 
(i) the Substitute Issuer is solvent and can perform 
all obligations under and in connection with the 
Notes; 
(ii) gegen den Ersatzemittenten sind keine 
Liquidations-, Abwicklungs-, Insolvenz- oder 
ähnliches 
Sanierungsverfahren 
eröffnet 
oder 
angedroht worden; 
 
(ii) 
no 
liquidation, 
winding-up, 
insolvency 
proceedings or similar reorganisation measures are 
opened or imminent in respect of the Substitute 
Issuer; 
(iii) der Ersatzemittent hat von den zuständigen 
Behörden 
seines 
Sitzstaates 
sämtliche 
erforderlichen Genehmigungen erteilt bekommen 
(zur Klarstellung: ausgenommen hiervon ist die 
Billigung 
zur 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Basisprospekts); 
 
(iii) the Substitute Issuer has been granted all 
necessary consents (excluding, for the avoidance of 
any doubt, the approval of the base prospectus for 
the public offering of the Notes) from the 
authorities of the country in which it has its 
registered office; 
(iv) die Ersetzung der Emittentin durch den 
Ersatzemittenten hat nicht zur Folge, dass den 
Anleihegläubigern unmittelbar oder mittelbar 
zusätzliche Steuern, Zölle oder Abgaben auferlegt 
werden, wobei der Ersatzemittent sich verpflichtet 
hat, jeden Anleihegläubiger von allen Steuern, 
Zöllen, 
Veranlagungen 
oder 
Abgaben 
freizustellen, die dem Anleihegläubiger aufgrund 
oder infolge der Ersetzung auferlegt werden. 
 
(iv) the substitution of the Substitute Issuer for the 
Issuer (as the case may be) does not result in 
additional tax, duty or governmental charge being 
directly or indirectly imposed on the Noteholders 
whereby the Substitute Issuer has agreed to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge imposed on such Noteholder in respect of 
such substitution. 
Die Ersetzung ist den Anleihegläubigern in 
Übereinstimmung mit § [14][●] anzuzeigen. 
 
Notice of any such substitution shall be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § [14][●]. 
[Emittentin übernimmt keine Garantien für die 
Verpflichtungen des Ersatzemittenten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen nach der Ersetzung. Es 
wird unterstellt, dass die Anleihegläubiger durch 
Zeichnung 
oder 
Erwerb 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(i) 
sowohl 
dem 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit § [15][●] durchgeführten 
Ersetzung als auch der Freistellung der Emittentin 
von 
sämtlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
betroffenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
der 
vorliegenden Urkunde zugestimmt haben und (ii) 
die Ersetzung und die sich hieraus ergebenden 
Folgen akzeptiert haben.] 
 
[The Issuer will not guarantee the obligations of the 
Substitute Issuer under the Notes after the 
substitution(s). The Noteholders, by subscribing 
for, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, are deemed 
to have (i) consented to any substitution(s) of the 
Issuer effected in accordance with this § [15][●] 
and to the release of the Issuer from any and all 
obligations in respect of the relevant Notes and 
these 
presents; 
and 
(ii) 
accepted 
such 
substitution(s) and the consequences thereof.] 
(b) Änderung der Bezugnahme. 
 
(b) Change of references. 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung wird ab diesem Zeitpunkt 
unterstellt, dass mit jeder Bezugnahme auf die 
 
In the event of any such substitution(s), any 
reference in these Terms and Conditions to the

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Emittentin in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf den 
Ersatzemittenten verwiesen wird und dass mit 
jeder Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz hat oder steueransässig ist, 
auf das Land verwiesen wird, in dem der 
Ersatzemittent seinen Sitz hat oder steueransässig 
ist. 
Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Issuer and any reference to the country 
in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for 
taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer. 
[(c) Weitere Ersetzungen. 
 
[(c) Further substitution. 
Nach einer Ersetzung gemäß § [15][●](a) kann der 
Ersatzemittent 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
eine 
weitere 
Ersetzung 
vornehmen. Sämtliche in den § [15][●](a) und 
§ [15][●](b) 
enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen 
sind 
entsprechend anzuwenden, wobei unterstellt wird, 
dass jede Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
jeden 
weiteren 
Ersatzemittenten 
einschließt, 
falls 
der 
Zusammenhang dies erfordert.] 
 
After a substitution pursuant to § [15][●](a), the 
Substitute Issuer may, without the consent of any 
Noteholders, effect a further substitution. All the 
provisions 
specified 
in 
§ [15][●](a) 
and 
§ [15][●](b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be 
deemed to be or include references to any such 
further the Substitute Issuer.] 
[[(c)][(d)] Rückgängigmachung der Ersetzung. 
 
[[(c)][(d)] Reverse substitution. 
Nach einer Ersetzung gemäß § [15][●](a) [oder 
§ [15][●](c)] kann jeder Ersatzemittent ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger die Ersetzung 
entsprechend rückgängig machen.]] 
 
After a substitution pursuant to § [15][●](a) [or 
§ [15][●](c)] any the Substitute Issuer may, without 
the consent of any Noteholder, reverse the 
substitution, mutatis mutandis.]] 
§ [16][●] Schlussbestimmungen 
 
§ [16][●] Final Provisions 
(a) Anwendbares Recht. 
 
(a) Applicable law. 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie 
die Rechte und Pflichten der Anleihegläubiger, der 
Emittentin, und der Hauptzahlstelle bestimmen sich 
in 
jeder 
Hinsicht 
nach 
dem 
Recht 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
 
The form and content of the Notes and the rights 
and duties of the Noteholders, the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall in all respects be 
governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
(b) Erfüllungsort. 
 
(b) Erfüllungsort. 
Erfüllungsort ist [Duisburg][●]. 
 
Place of performance is [Duisburg][●]. 
(c) Gerichtsstand. 
 
(c) Place of jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Gerichtsstand 
ist 
[Duisburg][●]. 
Für 
Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Absatz 2, § 13 Absatz 3 
und § 18 Absatz 2 SchVG in Verbindung mit § 9 
Absatz 3 SchVG ist [zuständiges Gericht einfügen] 
zuständig. 
Für 
Entscheidungen 
über 
die 
Anfechtung von Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger 
ist gemäß § 20 Absatz 3 SchVG [zuständiges 
Gericht einfügen] ausschließlich zuständig. 
 
(c) Place of jurisdiction shall be [Duisburg][●]. The 
[insert applicable courts] will have jurisdiction for 
all judgments pursuant to § 9 (2), § 13 (3) and § 18 
(2) SchVG in accordance with § 9 (3) SchVG. The 
[insert applicable courts] will have exclusive 
jurisdiction for all judgments over contested 
resolutions by Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 20(3) SchVG. 
(d) Geltendmachung von Rechten. 
 
(d) Enforcements of rights. 
Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
kann 
in  
Any Noteholder may in any proceedings against the

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten gegen die Emittentin oder in 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten, 
an 
denen 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und die Emittentin beteiligt sind, 
im eigenen Namen seine Rechte aus den von ihm 
gehaltenen Schuldverschreibungen geltend machen 
unter 
Vorlage 
einer 
Bescheinigung 
seiner 
Depotbank, die (i) den vollen Namen und die volle 
Anschrift des Anleihegläubigers enthält, (ii) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angibt, die am Tag der Ausstellung dieser 
Bescheinigung 
dem 
bei 
dieser 
Depotbank 
bestehenden 
Depot 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
gutgeschrieben sind. Im Sinne der vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen ist "Depotbank" ein Bank- oder 
sonstiges 
Finanzinstitut 
(einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems), das eine Genehmigung für das 
Wertpapier-Depotgeschäft hat und bei dem der 
Anleihegläubiger Schuldverschreibungen im Depot 
verwahren lässt. 
Issuer or to which the Noteholder and the Issuer are 
parties protect and enforce in its own name its rights 
arising under its Notes by submitting the following 
documents: a certificate issued by its Depository 
Bank (i) stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, (ii) specifying an aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited on the date of such 
statement to such Noteholders' securities deposit 
account maintained with such Depository Bank. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Depository Bank" 
means any bank or other financial institution 
authorized to engage in securities deposit business 
with which the Noteholder maintains a securities 
deposit account in respect of any Notes, and 
includes the Clearing System. 
(e) Kraftloserklärung. 
 
(e) Annulment. 
Für die Kraftloserklärung abhanden gekommener 
oder vernichteter Schuldverschreibungen sind 
ausschließlich die Gerichte in [Duisburg][●] 
zuständig. 
 
The courts of [Duisburg][●] shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction over the annulment of lost or destroyed 
Notes. 
(f) Sprache. 
 
(f) Language. 
Die englische Fassung dieser Anleihebedingungen 
ist rechtsverbindlich. 
 
The English version of these Terms and Conditions 
shall be binding.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
NOTEHOLDER MEETING PROVISIONS 
[Please note: The final Noteholder Meeting Provisions, including the complete relevant placeholders, will be 
included in "Part III – Noteholder Meeting Provisions" in the relevant Final Terms.] 
[in the case of bearer Notes, the following applies: The Noteholder Meeting Provisions of Option III (Maltese 
Fixed Rate Registered Notes) and Option IV (German Fixed Rate Bearer Notes) are not defined or described 
in this section, but are directly part or the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes.] 
[ 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
As used herein, the following expressions have the following meanings unless the context otherwise 
requires: 
[in the case of bearer Notes, the following applies: 
voting certificate means an [English] [or] [●] language certificate issued by the Paying Agent and 
dated in which it is stated that the bearer of the voting certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the 
meeting and any adjourned meeting in respect of the Notes represented by the certificate; 
block voting instruction means an [English] [or] [●] language document issued by the Paying Agent 
and dated which: 
(a) 
relates to a specified nominal amount of Notes and a meeting (or adjourned meeting) of the 
holders of the series of which those Notes form part; 
(b) 
states that the Paying Agent has been instructed (either by the holders of the Notes or by a 
relevant clearing system) to attend the meeting and procure that the votes attributable to the 
Notes are cast at the meeting in accordance with the instructions given; 
(c) 
identifies with regard to each resolution to be proposed at the meeting the nominal amount of 
Notes in respect of which instructions have been given that the votes attributable to them 
should be cast in favour of the resolution and the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which 
instructions have been given that the votes attributable to them should be cast against the 
resolution; and 
(d) 
states that one or more named persons (each a proxy) is or are authorised and instructed by 
the Paying Agent to cast the votes attributable to the Notes identified in accordance with the 
instructions referred to in (c) as set out in the block voting instruction; 
a relevant clearing system means, in respect of any Notes represented by a Global Note, any clearing 
system on behalf of which the Global Note is held or which is the bearer of the Global Note, in either 
case whether alone or jointly with any other clearing system(s);] 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for business 
both in the place where the meeting is to be held and in the place where the [in the case of bearer 
Notes, the following applies: Paying Agent] [and][or] [in the case of registered Notes, the following 
applies: Registrar and Transfer Agent] has its specified office (disregarding for this purpose the day 
on which the meeting is to be held); and 
48 hours means a period of 48 hours including all or part of two days on which banks are open for 
business both in the place where the meeting is to be held and in the place where the [in the case of 
bearer Notes, the following applies: Paying Agent] [and][or] [in the case of registered Notes, the

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
following applies: Registrar and Transfer Agent] has its specified office (disregarding for this purpose 
the day on which the meeting is to be held). 
References in this section to the Notes are to the series of [in the case of bearer Notes, the following 
applies: bearer] [and][or] [in the case of registered Notes, the following applies: registered] Notes in 
respect of which the meeting is, or is proposed to be, convened. References in this section to the Notes 
are to the series of [in the case of bearer Notes, the following applies: bearer] [or] [in the case of 
registered Notes, the following applies: registered] Notes [, or to the series of bearer Notes and series 
the registered Notes collectively] in respect of which the meeting is, or is proposed to be, convened 
and references to the Noteholders shall be construed accordingly. 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day on which a 
period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
2. 
EVIDENCE OF ENTITLEMENT TO ATTEND AND VOTE 
2.1 
The following persons (each an Eligible Person) are entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the 
holders of Notes: 
[in the case of bearer Notes, the following applies: 
(a) 
a holder of any Notes in definitive bearer form; 
(b) 
a bearer of any voting certificate in respect of the Notes;  
(c) 
a proxy specified in any block voting instruction.] 
[in the case of registered Notes, the following applies: 
[(a)][(d)] 
a holder of a registered Note; and 
[(b)][(e)] 
a proxy appointed by a holder of a registered Note.] 
[In the case of bearer Notes, the following applies: A Noteholder may require the issue by the Paying 
Agent of voting certificates and block voting instructions in accordance with the terms of 
subclauses 2.2 to 2.5. 
For the purposes of subclauses 2.2 and 2.5, the Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely, without further 
enquiry, on any information or instructions received from a relevant clearing system and shall have no 
liability to any Noteholder or other person for any loss, damage, cost, claim or other liability caused 
by its reliance on those instructions, nor for any failure by a relevant clearing system to deliver 
information or instructions to the Paying Agent. 
The holder of any voting certificate or the proxies named in any block voting instruction shall for all 
purposes in connection with the meeting or adjourned meeting be deemed to be the holder of the Notes 
to which the voting certificate or block voting instruction relates and the Paying Agent with which the 
Notes have been deposited or the person holding the Notes to the order or under the control of any 
Paying Agent shall be deemed for those purposes not to be the holder of those Notes. 
2.2 
Definitive bearer Notes – voting certificate 
A holder of a Note in definitive form may obtain a voting certificate in respect of that Note from the 
Paying Agent (unless the Note is the subject of a block voting instruction which has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in the voting certificate or any adjourned meeting) 
subject to the holder procuring that the Note is deposited with the Paying Agent or (to the satisfaction 
of the Paying Agent) is held to its order or under its control or blocked in an account with a relevant

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
clearing system upon terms that the Note will not cease to be deposited or held or blocked until the 
first to occur of: 
(a) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in the voting certificate or, if later, of any adjourned 
meeting; and 
(b) 
the surrender of the voting certificate to the Paying Agent who issued it. 
2.3 
Global Notes – voting certificate 
A holder of a Note (not being a Note in respect of which instructions have been given to the Paying 
Agent in accordance with subclause 2.5) represented by a Global Note may procure the delivery of a 
voting certificate in respect of that Note by giving notice to the relevant clearing system specifying by 
name a person (an Identified Person) (which need not be the holder himself) to collect the voting 
certificate and attend and vote at the meeting. The voting certificate will be made available at or shortly 
before the start of the meeting by the Paying Agent against presentation by the Identified Person of 
the form of identification previously notified by the holder to the relevant clearing system. The relevant 
clearing system may prescribe forms of identification (including, without limitation, passports) which 
it considers appropriate for these purposes. Subject to receipt by the Paying Agent from the relevant 
clearing system, no later than 48 hours before the time for which the meeting is convened, of 
notification of the nominal amount of the Notes to be represented by any voting certificate and the 
form of identification against presentation of which the voting certificate should be released, the 
Paying Agent shall, without any obligation to make further enquiry, make available voting certificates 
against presentation of forms of identification corresponding to those notified. 
2.4 
Definitive bearer Notes – block voting instruction 
A holder of a Note in definitive form may require the Paying Agent to issue a block voting instruction 
in respect of that Note (unless the Note is the subject of a voting certificate which has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in the block voting instruction or any adjourned 
meeting) by depositing the Note with the Paying Agent or (to the satisfaction of the Paying Agent) by: 
(a) 
procuring that, not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting, the Note is held 
to the Paying Agent's order or under its control or is blocked in an account with a relevant 
clearing system, in each case on terms that the Note will not cease to be so deposited or held 
or blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in the block voting instruction or, if later, of any 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Paying Agent, not less than 48 hours before the time for which the meeting 
or any adjourned meeting is convened, of the receipt issued by the Paying Agent in respect of 
each deposited Note which is to be released or (as the case may require) the Note ceasing with 
the agreement of the Paying Agent to be held to its order or under its control or to be blocked 
and the giving of notice by the Paying Agent to the Issuer in accordance with subclause 2.5 of 
the necessary amendment to the block voting instruction; and 
(b) 
instructing the Paying Agent that the vote(s) attributable to each Note so deposited or held or 
blocked should be cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions to be put 
to the meeting or any adjourned meeting and that the instruction is, during the period 
commencing 48 hours before the time for which the meeting or any adjourned meeting is 
convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment of the meeting, neither revocable nor 
capable of amendment.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
2.5 
Global Notes - block voting instruction 
(a) 
A holder of a Note (not being a Note in respect of which a voting certificate has been issued) 
represented by a Global Note may require the Paying Agent to issue a block voting instruction 
in respect of the Note by first instructing the relevant clearing system to procure that the votes 
attributable to the holder's Note should be cast at the meeting in a particular way in relation to 
the resolution or resolutions to be put to the meeting. Any such instruction shall be given in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant clearing system then in effect. Subject to receipt by 
the Paying Agent, no later than 48 hours before the time for which the meeting is convened, 
of (i) instructions from the relevant clearing system, (ii) notification of the nominal amount of 
the Notes in respect of which instructions have been given and (iii) the manner in which the 
votes attributable to the Notes should be cast, the Paying Agent shall, without any obligation 
to make further enquiry, attend the meeting and cast votes in accordance with those 
instructions. 
(b) 
Each block voting instruction shall be deposited by the relevant Paying Agent at the place 
specified by the Paying Agent for the purpose not less than 48 hours before the time appointed 
for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the proxies named in the block voting 
instruction propose to vote, and in default the block voting instruction shall not be treated as 
valid unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned 
meeting proceeds to business. A certified copy of each block voting instruction shall (if so 
requested by the Issuer) be deposited with the Issuer before the start of the meeting or 
adjourned meeting but the Issuer shall not as a result be obliged to investigate or be concerned 
with the validity of or the authority of the proxies named in the block voting instruction. 
(c) 
Any vote given in accordance with the terms of a block voting instruction shall be valid 
notwithstanding the previous revocation or amendment of the block voting instruction or of 
any of the instructions of the relevant Noteholder or the relevant clearing system (as the case 
may be) pursuant to which it was executed provided that no indication in writing of any 
revocation or amendment has been received from the relevant Paying Agent by the Issuer at 
its registered office by the time being 24 hours before the time appointed for holding the 
meeting or adjourned meeting at which the block voting instruction is to be used.] 
[in the case of registered Notes, the following applies: 
[2.2][2.6] 
Registered Notes - appointment of proxy 
(a) 
A holder of Notes may, by an instrument in writing in the [English] [or] [●] language (a form 
of proxy) signed by the holder or, in the case of a corporation, executed under its common 
seal or signed on its behalf by an attorney or a duly authorised officer of the corporation and 
delivered to the specified office of the Registrar and Transfer Agent not less than 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant meeting, appoint any person (a proxy) to act on his or its 
behalf in connection with any meeting. 
(b) 
Any proxy appointed pursuant to subclause (a) above shall so long as such appointment 
remains in force be deemed, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, to be 
the holder of the Notes to which such appointment relates and the holders of the Notes shall 
be deemed for such purposes not to be the holder. 
(c) 
Each form of proxy shall be deposited by the Registrar and Transfer Agent with the Issuer at 
its registered office not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting 
at which the proxy or proxies named in the form of proxy proposes to vote, and in default form 
of proxy shall not be treated as valid unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise 
before such meeting proceeds to business. A copy of each form of proxy shall be deposited 
with the Issuer before the commencement of the meeting but the Issuer shall not thereby be

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
obliged to investigate or be concerned with the validity of or the authority of the proxy or 
proxies named in any such form of proxy. 
(d) 
Any vote given in accordance with the terms of a form of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding 
the previous revocation or amendment of the form of proxy provided that no indication in 
writing of such revocation or amendment has been received from the holder thereof by the 
Issuer at its registered office by the time being 48 hours before the time appointed for holding 
the meeting at which the form of proxy is to be used.] 
3. 
CONVENING OF MEETINGS, QUORUM, ADJOURNED MEETINGS 
3.1 
The Issuer may at any time and, if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than [51.01][●] 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall convene a meeting of 
the Noteholders and if the Issuer fails for a period of seven days to convene the meeting, the meeting 
may be convened by the relevant Noteholders. Whenever the Issuer is about to convene any meeting 
it shall immediately give notice in writing to the [in the case of bearer Notes, the following applies: 
Paying Agent] [and][or] [in the case of registered Notes, the following applies: Registrar and Transfer 
Agent] of the day, time and place of the meeting and of the nature of the business to be transacted at 
the meeting.  
3.2 
At least [21][●] clear days' notice specifying the place, day and hour of the meeting shall be given to 
the Noteholders in the manner provided in the relevant terms and conditions of the Notes. The notice, 
which shall be in the [English] [or] [●] language, shall state generally the nature of the business to be 
transacted at the meeting and shall either (i) include statements as to the manner in which holders may, 
if applicable, appoint proxies or representatives [in the case of bearer Notes, the following applies: 
and arrange for voting certificates or block voting instructions to be issued], or (ii) inform Noteholders 
that details of the voting arrangements are available free of charge from the [in the case of bearer 
Notes, the following applies: Paying Agent] [and][or] [in the case of registered Notes, the following 
applies: Registrar and Transfer Agent], provided that, in the case of (ii) the final form of such details 
are so available with effect on and from the date on which the notice convening such meeting is given 
as aforesaid. A copy of the notice shall be sent by post to the Issuer (unless the meeting is convened 
by the Issuer). 
3.3 
The person (who may but need not be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer shall be entitled 
to take the chair at each meeting but if no nomination is made or if at any meeting the person nominated 
is not present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting the Noteholders 
present shall choose one of their number to be chairman failing which the Issuer may appoint a 
chairman. The chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as was chairman of the 
meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
3.4 
At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not 
less than [51][●] per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding shall form a 
quorum for the transaction of business and no business (other than the choosing of a chairman) shall 
be transacted at any meeting unless the required quorum is present at the commencement of business.  
3.5 
If within [15][●] minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the chairman may decide) 
after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular 
business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present, the meeting shall if convened by Noteholders be dissolved. In any other case it 
shall be adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if that day is a public holiday the next following 
business day) at the same time and place.  
3.6 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented by them) shall form a quorum and shall have power to pass any resolution 
or any other resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at 
the meeting from which the adjournment took place had the required quorum been present.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
4. 
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS AT MEETINGS 
4.1 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a poll. In the case of an equality of votes 
for any resolution which does not require any particular quorum, the resolution shall be deemed to be 
rejected.  
4.2 
The chairman may, with the consent of any meeting, adjourn the meeting from time to time and from 
place to place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might 
lawfully (but for lack of required quorum) have been transacted at the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place. 
4.3 
Any poll on the election of a chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken at the meeting 
without adjournment. 
4.4 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend and speak at any 
meeting. Subject to this, no person shall be entitled to attend and speak nor shall any person be entitled 
to vote at any meeting of the Noteholders or join with others in requiring the convening of a meeting 
unless he is an Eligible Person. No person shall be entitled to vote at any meeting in respect of Notes 
held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of the Issuer. Nothing contained in this subclause shall prevent 
any of the proxies named in any block voting instruction from being a director, officer or representative 
of or otherwise connected with the Issuer. 
4.5 
Subject as provided in subclause 4.4 above, at any meeting, every Eligible Person present shall have 
one vote in respect of one Note. 
[In the case of bearer Notes, the following applies: Without prejudice to the obligations of the proxies 
named in any block voting instruction,] [A][a]ny person entitled to cast more than one vote need not 
use all his votes or cast all the votes to which he is entitled in the same way. 
[In the case of bearer Notes, the following applies: 
4.6 
The proxies named in any block voting instruction need not be Noteholders.] 
[4.6][4.7] 
A meeting of the Noteholders shall have powers specified in the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes. All powers shall be exercisable by a meeting of the Noteholders by a resolution adopted 
by a simple majority of the votes cast (subject to the provisions relating to quorum contained in 
subclauses 3.4 and 3.6). Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this section or the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, no modification may be made to the terms and conditions of the Notes without 
the prior written consent of entities acting as account banks in connection with the Notes [in the case 
of bearer Notes, the following applies: and/or paying agents and securities custodians if such 
modification would have an effect to lower the rank of such entities in the order of payment of costs 
set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes]. 
[4.7][4.8] 
Any resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance 
with these provisions shall be binding upon all the Noteholders whether present or not present at the 
meeting and whether or not voting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution 
accordingly and the passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances 
justify its passing. Notice of the result of voting on any resolution duly considered by the Noteholders 
shall be published in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes by the Issuer within 14 
days of the result being known provided that non-publication shall not invalidate the resolution. 
[4.8][4.9] 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly entered 
in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any minutes signed by the 
chairman of the meeting at which any resolution was passed or proceedings had shall be conclusive 
evidence of the matters contained in them and, until the contrary is proved, every meeting in respect 
of the proceedings of which minutes have been made shall be deemed to have been duly held and

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
convened and all resolutions passed or proceedings had at the meeting to have been duly passed or 
had. 
If and whenever the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Notes of more than one series the previous 
provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the following changes: 
• 
a resolution which affects the Notes of only one series shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed if passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the Notes of that series; 
• 
a resolution which affects the Notes of more than one series but does not give rise to a conflict 
of interest between the holders of Notes of any of the series so affected shall be deemed to 
have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Notes of all the series 
so affected; 
• 
a resolution which affects the Notes of more than one series and gives or may give rise to a 
conflict of interest between the holders of the Notes of one series or group of series so affected 
and the holders of the Notes of another series or group of series so affected shall be deemed to 
have been duly passed only if it is duly passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Notes 
of each series or group of series so affected; and 
• 
to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of this section shall mutatis mutandis apply 
as though references therein to Notes, Noteholders and holders were references to the Notes 
of the series or group of series in question or to the holders of such Notes, as the case may be.]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based 
investment products (PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of the Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast), as 
amended, Directive 2004/39/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 April 2004 on markets 
in financial instruments amending Council Directives 85/611/EEC and 93/6/EEC and Directive 2000/12/EC 
of the European Parliament and of the Council and repealing Council Directive 93/22/EEC, as amended 
(MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 9 December 2002 on insurance mediation, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
AND RETAIL CLIENTS TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the][each] manufacturer['s][s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended 
or superseded, MiFID II)][MiFID II] [specify further target market criteria], and [(ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and [pure execution services]]] [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate: investment advice [,] [and] portfolio management [,] [and] [non-advised sales] [and pure 
execution services] [specify negative target market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
[Insert in case of continuation of the public offer: 
[ 
] 
[ 
 
 
 
 
 
 [ 
 
] 
[ 
IMPORTANT NOTICE IN CASE OF CONTINUATION OF THE PUBLIC OFFER 
[insert details] 
] 
 
 
Warning 
(continuing offer): 
An offer of securities to the public may continue after the expiration of this base prospectus 
dated 29 April 2022 [under which it was commenced] provided that a succeeding base 
prospectus is approved and published no later than the last day of validity of [this][the previous] 
base prospectus dated [insert date].  
[The last day of validity of the previous base prospectus was [insert date].] The succeeding base 
prospectus to this base prospectus dated 29 April 2022 will be published on [insert website] (or 
any successor website thereof, in which case an automatic redirection will be ensured by the 
Issuer). 
Warning 
(continuing offer): 
Notwithstanding the validity of the previous base prospectus dated 29 April 2022 and the 
previous Final Terms dated [insert date], which have initially served to continue the public 
offering of the Notes, this new set of Final Terms prepared by the Issuer shall, as of [insert date], 
serve to continue the public offering of the Notes.  
The succeeding base prospectus [which serves to continue the public offering of the Notes] [will 
be][is] published on [insert website] (or any successor website thereof, in which case an 
automatic redirection will be ensured by the Issuer).

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Final Terms 
dated [insert date] 
to the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2022 
[supplemented by [insert all relevant supplements including its date and number]] 
(the Base Prospectus) 
of 
TIMBERLAND SECURITIES INVESTMENT PLC 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 894500CA1XTDSTWJ1T79 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of Malta) 
Issue of  
[insert name of the notes] 
(the Notes) 
Issue Date: [●] 
[Series Number: [●]] 
[Issue Price: [100%][●]] 
[GLOBAL COORDINATOR AND BOOKRUNNER] 
[●] 
[SELLING AGENT[S]] 
[●] 
[Insert further Name(s), Logos as applicable and function(s) as applicable] 
[●]

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms contain the final terms of an issue of Notes under the base prospectus of Timberland 
Securities Investment plc for the issuance of Luxembourg fixed rate bearer notes, Luxembourg fixed rate 
registered notes, Maltese fixed rate registered notes and German Fixed Rate Bearer Notes. 
These final terms (the Final Terms) have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 para. 5 of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended) (the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129). These Final Terms are represented in 
the form of a separate document according to Article 8 para. 4 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
In order to get the full information the Final Terms are to be read together with the information contained in 
(a) the base prospectus of Timberland Securities Investment plc (the Issuer) dated [insert date] for the issuance 
of Luxembourg Fixed Rate Bearer Notes, Luxembourg Fixed Rate Registered Notes, Maltese Fixed Rate 
Registered Notes (the latter, issued in dematerialised form) and German Fixed Rate Bearer Notes (the Base 
Prospectus) [and with regard to the continuation of a public offer under a Successor Base Prospectus (as 
defined below), the Original Base Prospectus (as defined below)]), (b) any supplements to this Base 
Prospectus (the Supplements), and (c) all other documents whose information is incorporated herein by 
reference . 
[In the case of a planned continued offer after expiry of the initial base prospectus under which the notes 
are issued, add: This Base Prospectus shall cease to have effect on [insert date] (midnight) (the Base 
Prospectus Expiry Date). In respect of Notes whose date of maturity is later than the Base Prospectus Expiry 
Date, the public offer of such Notes may be made on the basis of one or more subsequent base prospectuses 
(each a Successor Base Prospectus) after the Base Prospectus Expiry Date in accordance with Article 8 para. 
11 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, to the extent that the (respective) Successor Base Prospectus provides for a 
continuation of the public offer of the Notes. In this context, these Final Terms are, in each case, to be read in 
conjunction with the (most recent) Succeeding Base Prospectus. The (respective) Successor Base Prospectus 
will be approved and published prior to the expiry of the validity of the Base Prospectus or the respective 
Successor Base Prospector (whichever applies) (as required by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129). The (respective) 
Successor Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website [insert website] (or any 
successor website thereof, in which case an automatic redirection will be ensured by the Issuer).] 
[In the case of a continued offer of the notes, add: This Base Prospectus (also the Original Base Prospectus) 
under which the public offering of the Notes described in these Final Terms is continued, shall cease to have 
effect on [insert date] (midnight) (the Original Base Prospectus Expiry Date). In respect of Notes whose date 
of maturity is later than the Original Base Prospectus Expiry Date, the public offer of such Notes may be 
continued on the basis of one or more subsequent base prospectuses (each a Successor Base Prospectus) after 
the Original Base Prospectus Expiry Date in accordance with Article 8 para. 11 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, to the extent that the (respective) Successor Base Prospectus provides for a continuation of 
the public offer of the Notes. In this context, these Final Terms are, in each case, to be read in conjunction 
with the (most recent) Successor Base Prospectus. The (respective) Successor Base Prospectus will be 
approved and published prior to the expiry of the validity of the respective preceding base prospectus (as 
required by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129). The respective Successor Base Prospectus will be published in 
electronic form on the website [insert website] (or any successor website thereof, in which case an automatic 
redirection will be ensured by the Issuer).] 
The Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2022 has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central 
Bank) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Central Bank has only approved the base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of these final terms and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
The Central Bank has provided the competent authority(ies) of [insert details of relevant Host Member 
State(s)] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2022 has been 
drawn up in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of these final terms and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
This Base Prospectus is drawn up in the English language. The language of the Base Prospectus is 
English.  
Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order 
that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2022 (as supplemented 
from time to time) including the information incorporated by reference. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time), including the information incorporated by reference. 
These Final Terms consist of three parts: Part I – General Information; Part II – Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes; and Part III – Noteholder Meeting Provisions. [A summary of the individual issue of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms.3] 
[Investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes during the validity period of the 
afore-mentioned Base Prospectus have the right, exercisable within a time limit of two working days 
after the publication of a succeeding base prospectus, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the 
Notes have not already been delivered to them.] 
The Base Prospectus, any Supplements and these Final Terms are available [[●] and in addition] [in printed 
version free of charge at [●] and in addition] on the website [insert website] or any successor website thereof, 
in which case an automatic redirection will be ensured by the Issuer. 
 
                                                     
3  
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Wertpapieren mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Part I – General Information 
[In case of a continuation, insert: This Part I. of these Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the terms 
and conditions set forth [initially] in the part of the base prospectus dated 29 April 2022 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [insert date]], as incorporated by reference. [Besides that these Final Terms are also to be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus [, as amended,] and the base prospectus[es] [, as amended,] dated [insert 
date], as incorporated by reference.] 
The conditions applicable to the Notes are the result of following selection, completion, reproduction or 
deletion of the options contained in the relevant terms and conditions as set out in the relevant terms and 
conditions.] 
ISIN: 
[ISIN] [●] [Not applicable.] 
Other security identification code[s]: 
[WKN] [●] 
[MT] [●] 
[FISN] [●] 
[CFI Code] [●] 
[insert any other security code] [●] 
[Not applicable.] 
Aggregate principal amount: 
[●] 
Principal amount/specified denomination: 
[●] 
Specified currency: 
[●] 
Issue price: 
[The issue price of the Notes is [●].][The issue price 
means the price of the Notes subscribed for during 
the subscription period. The issue price corresponds 
to [●][the principal amount of a Note] [plus the 
front-up 
commission] 
[plus][minus] 
[accrued 
interest][●].] 
[The issue price means [for the period between 
[insert date] until and including [insert date] [●]] 
[and for the period between [insert date] until and 
including [insert date] [●]] [and for the period 
between [insert date] until and including [insert 
date] [●]] [and for the period between [insert date] 
until and including [insert date] [●]][●].] 
[In case the Notes are offered without engagement 
after expiry of the subscription period, the issue price 
of the Notes will be determined by the Issuer in its 
own free discretion taking into account actual market 
conditions.] 
Selling commission: 
[●][None.] 
Other commissions: 
[Front-up commission of up to [5][●] per cent. of 
[the principal amount][●] per Note.][●][None.]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Expenses and taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[●][None.] 
Reasons for the Offer and use of proceeds: 
[Specify details with regard to reasons for the offer 
and use of proceeds.] 
[Expenses and proceeds to be broken into each 
principal intended use and presented in order of 
priority of such uses: 
[●]] 
[In case the anticipated proceeds will not be 
sufficient to fund all the proposed uses, a statement 
regarding the amount and sources of other funds 
needed: 
[●][Not applicable.]] 
Net proceeds: 
[●][Not applicable.] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●][Not applicable.] 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
Material interests, including conflicting ones, of 
natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer: 
[Insert description of any interest, including 
conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest.][Not applicable.] 
Jurisdiction[s], in which non‐exempt offer may take 
place: 
Non‐exempt offers may be made in [the Republic of 
Austria][,] [and] [the Kingdom of Belgium][,] [and] 
[the Republic of Bulgaria][,] [and] [the Republic of 
Croatia][,] [and] [the Republic of Cyprus][,] [and] 
[the Czech Republic][,] [and] [the Kingdom of 
Denmark][,] [and] [the Republic of Finland][,] [and] 
[the French Republic][,] [and] [the Hellenic 
Republic][,] [and] [Hungary][,] [and] [the Republic 
of Ireland][,] [and] [the Italian Republic][,] [and] 
[the Republic of Malta][,] [and] [the Kingdom of 
Norway][,] [and] [the Republic of Poland][,] [and] 
[the Portuguese Republic][,] [and] [Romania][,] 
[and] [the Slovak Republic][,] [and] [the Republic of 
Slovenia][,] [and] [the Kingdom of Spain][,] [and] 
[the Kingdom of Sweden][●]. 
Conditions, to which the offer is subject: 
[Save for the conditions to the Offer as set out in the 
Base Prospectus, no further conditions to the Offer 
shall apply.][insert other conditions to which the 
offer is subject to] 
Underwriting: 
[The Notes will be underwritten [with a firm 
commitment basis][without a firm commitment 
basis][under best efforts arrangements] by the 
following distributor[s]: [insert distributor[s].] 
[[insert percentage] per cent. of the issue is not 
underwritten.] [The [underwriting][subscription] 
agreement [is][will be] dated as of [insert 
date].][Not applicable.][●]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Name and address of the coordinator(s) of the global 
offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
[●][Not applicable.] 
Minimum amount of application: 
[●][Not applicable.] 
Maximum amount of application: 
[●][Not applicable.] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to 
be made public: 
[The Issuer will inform the Noteholders during the 
offer period about the number of Notes sold during 
such offer period to investors by publishing the 
relevant information on the website of the Issuer 
(www.timberland-securities-investment.com) 
or 
any successor website.][●] 
Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and 
for delivery of the Notes: 
[The delivery of the Notes shall be [free of 
payment][against payment] [on [insert date]]. [Each 
investor will be notified of the settlement 
arrangements in respect of the Notes at the time of 
such investor's application.][●] 
 
[The appropriate number of Notes shall be credited 
to the holder's account in accordance with the rules 
of the corresponding Clearing System.][●] 
Description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions 
and the manner for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[●][Not applicable.] 
[Process for notifying applicants of the amount 
allotted and an indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[●][Trading on terms of issue is reserved.]] 
Clearing System, Custody: 
[Euroclear] [/] [Clearstream Luxembourg] [/] 
[Clearstream Frankfurt] [/] [Central Securities 
Depository of the Malta Stock Exchange] [OeKB 
CSD] [/] [SIX SIS AG] [/] [Euronext Securities 
Milan (Monte Titoli S.P.A.)] [Not applicable.] 
Admission to trading: 
[Not 
applicable.] 
[However, 
application][Application] [has been][will be][may 
be] made to [list the Notes][include the Notes to 
trading] on [the Vienna MTF market of the Vienna 
Stock Exchange] [and] [Prospects MTF of the Malta 
Stock Exchange] [and] [insert other unregulated 
market], which [is][are] not [a] regulated market[s] 
[and] [on one or more organised trading facilities 
(OTF)] [each] within the meaning of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC 
and Directive 2011/61/EU.][●]

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
[Application [has been][will be][may be] made for 
the admission to trading of the Notes on the 
regulated market[s] of [the Irish Stock Exchange] 
[and] [the Vienna Stock Exchange] [and] [the Malta 
Stock Exchange], which [is][are] [a] regulated 
market[s] [and] [on an organised trading facility 
(OTF)] [each] within the meaning of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC 
and Directive 2011/61/EU. For the avoidance of 
doubt "and" means in regard to admission to trading 
of Notes one or more regulated market(s).] 
[Expected date of admission: 
[●][Not applicable.]] 
[Regulated markets (or third country markets, SME 
Growth Market or MTFs) on which, to the 
knowledge of the Issuer, securities of the same class 
of the Notes to be offered to the public or admitted 
to trading are already admitted to trading: 
[Irish Stock Exchange] [and] [the] [Vienna Stock 
Exchange] [and] [the] [Malta Stock Exchange] [Not 
applicable.] 
Offer period [(and period in during which 
subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes can 
be made)]: 
The offer period [starts][started] on [insert date] and 
will finish on [insert date][; the Issuer intends to 
continue the offer period for the Notes after expiry 
of the period of validity of the Base Prospectus under 
a succeeding Base Prospectus]. [The Issuer reserves 
the right for any reason to close the offer period at 
any time.] 
[Subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes 
may be made until [insert date].][●]] 
[Under the previous Base Prospectus[es] dated 
[insert date(s)], the offer period initially started on 
[insert date]. The offer period in accordance with 
this Base Prospectus starts on [insert date] and will 
finish on [insert date] [([insert time] [p.m.][a.m.] 
local time)] or, in case the Issuer continues the offer 
period for the Notes after expiry of the period of 
validity of this Base Prospectus under one or more 
succeeding Base Prospectus, on [[insert date] at the 
latest; the Issuer intends to continue the offer period 
for the Notes after expiry of the period of validity of 
the Base Prospectus under a succeeding Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer reserves the right for any 
reason to close the offer period at any time.] 
[insert other offer period details] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer of the Notes will be open and 
description of the application process: 
[The Notes will [initially] be offered during a 
subscription period[.][; the Issuer intends to continue 
the subscription period for the Notes after expiry of 
the period of validity of the Base Prospectus under a 
succeeding Base Prospectus in case the offer period

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
will be continued under a succeeding Base 
Prospectus.]][●] 
[Subscription period: [insert first day of subscription 
period] – [insert last day of subscription period] 
([insert time] [p.m.][a.m.] local time)][●] 
[The Issuer intends to continue the subscription 
period for the Notes after expiry of the period of 
validity of the Base Prospectus under a succeeding 
base prospectus.] 
[The Issuer reserves the right to continue the 
subscription period in connection with a public offer 
subject to the filing of new Final Terms for the Notes 
under another base prospectus.][●] 
[After expiration of the subscription period, the offer 
period [continues][may be continued].] [[The][A 
possible] 
offer 
will 
be 
made 
without 
engagement.][●] 
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus: 
[In the case of a general consent, the following 
applies: 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus 
(under which the offer of the Notes takes place) and 
the applicable Final Terms in connection with a 
subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by 
all financial intermediaries during the period of 
validity of the Base Prospectus by all financial 
intermediaries (so-called general consent). 
General consent for the subsequent resale or final 
placement 
of 
Notes 
by 
the 
financial 
[intermediary][intermediaries] is given in relation to 
[the Republic of Austria][,] [and] [the Kingdom of 
Belgium][,] [and] [the Republic of Bulgaria][,] [and] 
[the Republic of Croatia][,] [and] [the Republic of 
Cyprus][,] [and] [the Czech Republic][,] [and] [the 
Kingdom of Denmark][,] [and] [the Republic of 
Finland][,] [and] [the French Republic][,] [and] [the 
Hellenic Republic][,] [and] [Hungary][,] [and] [the 
Republic of Ireland][,] [and] [the Italian Republic][,]  
[and] [the Republic of Malta][,] [and] [the Kingdom 
of Norway][,] [and] [the Republic of Poland][,] [and] 
[the Portuguese Republic][,] [and] [Romania][,] 
[and] [the Slovak Republic][,] [and] [the Republic of 
Slovenia][,] [and] [the Kingdom of Spain][,] [and] 
[the Kingdom of Sweden][●].][●] 
[In the case of an individual consent, the following 
applies: 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus 
(under which the offer of the Notes takes place) and

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
the applicable Final Terms in connection with a 
subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by 
the following financial intermediaries during the 
period of validity of the Base Prospectus by the 
following 
financial 
intermediaries 
(so-called 
individual consent): 
[Insert name(s) and address(es)]. 
Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final 
placement 
of 
the 
Notes 
by 
the 
financial 
[intermediary][intermediaries] is given in relation to 
[the Republic of Austria][,] [and] [the Kingdom of 
Belgium][,] [and] [the Republic of Bulgaria][,] [and] 
[the Republic of Croatia][,] [and] [the Republic of 
Cyprus][,] [and] [the Czech Republic][,] [and] [the 
Kingdom of Denmark][,] [and] [the Republic of 
Finland][,] [and] [the French Republic][,] [and] [the 
Hellenic Republic][,] [and] [Hungary][,] [and] [the 
Republic of Ireland][,] [and] [the Italian Republic][,] 
[and] [the Republic of Malta][,] [and] [the Kingdom 
of Norway][,] [and] [the Republic of Poland][,] [and] 
[the Portuguese Republic][,] [and] [Romania][,] 
[and] [the Slovak Republic][,] [and] [the Republic of 
Slovenia][,] [and] [the Kingdom of Spain][,] [and] 
[the Kingdom of Sweden][●] to [insert name(s) and 
address(es)].] 
[The Issuer's consent to the use of the Base 
Prospectus is subject to the condition that each 
financial intermediary complies with the applicable 
selling restrictions as well as the Terms and 
Conditions of the offer.] 
[Moreover, the Issuer's consent to the use of the Base 
Prospectus is subject to the condition that the 
financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus 
commits itself towards its customers to a responsible 
distribution of the Notes. This commitment is made 
by the publication of the financial intermediary on 
its website stating that the Base Prospectus is used 
with the consent of the Issuer and subject to the 
conditions set forth with the consent.]  
[Besides, the consent is not subject to any other 
conditions.] 
[Not applicable. No consent is given.] 
[Selling Restrictions: 
[The offer is [not] a non-exempt offer.] 
[Prohibition of sales to retail investors in the 
European Economic Area does [not] apply.] 
[Insert any other selling restriction.]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
[Not applicable.]]] 
[Website, on which any new information unknown 
at the time the Base Prospectus was approved or 
these Final Terms were filed with the relevant 
competent authority/authorities will be published: 
[Insert website] [(or any successor or replacement 
address thereto, in which case an automatic 
redirection will be ensured by the Issuer)]]

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Part II – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
[In the case of Luxembourg Fixed Rate Bearer Notes replicate the relevant provisions of Option I (including 
relevant further options contained therein) set out in this Base Prospectus and complete relevant 
placeholders.] 
[In the case of Luxembourg Fixed Rate Registered Notes replicate the relevant provisions of Option II 
(including relevant further options contained therein) set out in this Base Prospectus and complete relevant 
placeholders.] 
[In the case of Maltese Fixed Rate Registered Notes replicate the relevant provisions of Option III (including 
relevant further options contained therein) set out in this Base Prospectus and complete relevant 
placeholders.] 
[In the case of German Fixed Rate Bearer Notes replicate the relevant provisions of Option IV (including 
relevant further options contained therein) set out in this Base Prospectus and complete relevant 
placeholders.]

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Part III – Noteholder Meeting Provisions 
[In the case of Option I and Option II:] 
[In accordance with applicable laws, articles 470-3 - 470-19 of the Companies Act 1915 are not applicable to 
the Notes.] 
[Replicate the relevant provisions of Noteholder Meeting Provisions (including relevant further options 
contained therein) set out in this Base Prospectus:] 
[In the case of Option III – Fixed Rate Registered Notes issued in dematerialized form the relevant provisions 
of Noteholders Meeting Provisions are already part of the relevant Terms and Conditions of the 
[Notes][Bonds]. Therefore, in this case this Part III just refers to the Terms and Conditions of the 
[Notes][Bonds]:] 
[This Part refers to Clause 13 of the Terms and Conditons of the [Notes][Bonds].] 
[In the case of Option IV – German Fixed Rate Bearer Notes the relevant provisions of Noteholders Meeting 
Provisions are already part of the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Therefore, in this case this Part 
III just refers to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes:] 
[This Part refers to the Terms and Conditons of the Notes and there to § [13][●] that covers the amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions by resolution of the Noteholders; Joint Representative.]]

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
[Insert issue specific summary here. It shall be noted that the issue specific summary needs to be drafted on 
the basis of the summary relating to the Base Prospectus. No further information may be added, but the 
information will be made specific for the relevant issue of Notes only, i.e. parts of the summary relating to the 
Base Prospectus which are of no relevance for a specific issue must be deleted and information which is drafted 
in a general manner must be replaced by issue specific information.4] 
                                                     
4  
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Wertpapieren mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PARTIES 
I. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1. 
The Issuer 
1.1.  
History and Development of the Issuer 
The Issuer was registered in Malta for an indefinite duration on 30 January 2015 under the name 
Timberland Securities Investment Ltd, a private limited liability company incorporated in terms of the 
Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta). On 19 April 2016, the Issuer changed its status to a 
public limited liability company, as a result of which, the name of the Issuer was changed to 
Timberland Securities Investment plc. 
1.2.  
Additional Information about the Issuer 
Full legal and commercial name: 
Timberland Securities Investment plc 
Legal Identifier (LEI): 
894500CA1XTDSTWJ1T79 
Company registration number: 
C-68856 
Registered address: 
171, Old Bakery Street, Valletta VLT 1455 
Office: 
Aragon House, St. George's Park, St. Julian's STJ 3140, 
Malta 
Place of registration and domicile: 
Malta 
Telephone number: 
+356-209081-00 
Fax number: 
+356-209081-50 
Email: 
info@timberland-securities-investment.com   
Website 
www.timberland-securities-investment.com 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has an authorised share capital of EUR 50,000 divided 
into 49,999 ordinary A shares and 1 ordinary B share of one (1) Euro each. The issued share capital of 
the Issuer is of EUR 50,000 divided into 49,999 ordinary A shares and 1 ordinary B share of one (1) 
Euro each. The Issuer is a subsidiary of Timberland Holding II Ltd, Malta, incorporated under the laws 
of Malta. 
There are no actual conflicts of interests between the interests of the Issuer and its duties vis-à-vis 
other issuers for which the Issuer acts as arranger or sub-arranger or in relation to Noteholders.   
The business address of the Issuer is the same as that of, as applicable, the Distributor Timberland 
Invest Ltd.  
An entrepreneurial conflict of interest could arise in the fact, that persons such as but not limited to 
the Members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are acting in different functions such as Members 
of the Board of Directors of inter alia (i) Timberland Invest Ltd and/or Timberland Capital 
Management GmbH as distributor(s) to Notes of the Issuer, to the extend as applicable, and (ii) E-
Stream Energy Management GmbH as the General Partner of E-Stream Energy GmbH & Co KG and 
E-Stream GmbH & Co KGaA, while the Issuer is guarantor to Notes issued by E-Stream Energy

--- Page 148 ---
148 
GmbH & Co KG. Furthermore there might be potential conflicts of interest for such persons in regard 
to current or future entrepreneurial activities or shareholdings outside their activity to the Issuer or due 
to other business activities or other entrepreneurial participations or shareholdings of (i) their own 
and/or (ii) while acting for and on behalf of other parties. There are actually no such conflicts of 
interests.  
The measures in place that a control of the Issuer is not abused is governed by and in accordance with 
the provisions of the applicable laws and regulations. There is no knowledge of the existence of any 
abuse of control is exercised by the Issuer. 
1.3.  
Selected Financial Information 
The audited Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial period from 1 January 2020 
to 31 December 2020 and the audited Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial 
period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 have been prepared in accordance with General 
Accounting Principles for Small and Medium-sized Entities (GAPSME), Cap. 386 of the Laws of 
Malta: 
 
2020 (€) 
Non-Current assets 
3,716,169 
Current assets 
1,909,510 
Total Assets 
5,625,679 
Shareholder's Equity 
(3,384,800) 
Total Liabilities 
9,010,479 
Total Equity and Liabilities  
5,625,679 
 
 
 
2021 (€) 
Non-Current assets 
3,751,277 
Current assets 
1,312,870 
Total Assets 
5,064,147 
Shareholder's Equity 
             (4,697,705) 
Total Liabilities 
9,761,852 
Total Equity and Liabilities  
5,064,147 
The Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 
2021 have been independently audited and have been drawn up in accordance with 
Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
1.4.  
Significant or Material Changes and recent Events and Trends 
1.4.1. Significant or material change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020 the date of its 
last published audited financial statements. 
Safe for this, due to the uncertain duration and consequences of the coronavirus pandemic, the effects 
on sales, earnings and liquidity for the current fiscal year 2022 and potentially beyond cannot be 
quantified at present. However, in view of the current development in connection with the coronavirus 
(COVID-19), the situation in many of the Issuer's core markets is challenging. The Issuer expects the 
coronavirus pandemic to have a considerable impact on sales, earnings and liquidity in the 2022 
financial year and potentially beyond. The extent of the impacts resulting from the COVID-19 
pandemic and other events beyond the Issuers' control will depend on future developments, which are 
highly uncertain at this time, including new information that may emerge concerning the spread of the 
pandemic and actions taken to contain the coronavirus or its impact, among others. 
1.4.2. Material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year 
and the expected financing of the Issuer's activities 
There are no material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure since the last financial 
year. Financing is still based on (i) own funds, (ii) operating income, (iii) loans granted to Timberland 
Securities Investment plc and (iv) future refinancing by issuing bonds. 
Safe for this, due to in particular the effects in connection with the global corona pandemic crisis and 
the associated necessary effects in certain financial instruments of the Issuer (a description of which 
is incorporated by reference – see section "Documents incorporated by reference") are potentially 
relevant to the financing of the Issuer's activities.  
1.4.3. Details of any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a material extent relevant 
to an evaluation of the Issuer's solvency 
The events that which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer's solvency (a 
description of which is incorporated by reference – see section "Documents incorporated by 
reference") are potentially relevant to the Issuer.  
Safe for this, due to the uncertain duration and consequences of the coronavirus pandemic, the effects 
on sales, earnings and liquidity for the current fiscal year 2022 and potentially beyond cannot be 
quantified at present. However, in view of the current development in connection with the coronavirus 
(COVID-19), the situation in many of the Issuer's core markets is challenging. The Issuer expects the 
coronavirus pandemic to have a considerable impact on sales, earnings and liquidity in the 2022 
financial year and potentially beyond. The extent of the impacts resulting from the COVID-19 
pandemic and other events beyond the Issuers' control will depend on future developments, which are 
highly uncertain at this time, including new information that may emerge concerning the spread of the 
pandemic and actions taken to contain the coronavirus or its impact, among others. 
1.4.4. Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects for at least the current 
financial year 
The trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments and events that may impact the Issuer (a description 
of which is incorporated by reference – see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above) are 
potentially relevant to the Issuer’s prospects at least the current financial year.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Safe for this, due to the uncertain duration and consequences of the coronavirus pandemic, the material 
effect on the Issuer's prospects for at least the current financial year and potentially beyond cannot be 
quantified at present. However, in view of the current development in connection with the coronavirus 
(COVID-19), the situation in many of the Issuer's core markets is challenging. The Issuer expects the 
coronavirus pandemic to have a reasonably likely material effect on the Issuer's prospects for at least 
the current financial year financial year and potentially beyond. The extent of the impacts resulting 
from the COVID-19 pandemic and other events beyond the Issuers' control will depend on future 
developments, which are highly uncertain at this time, including new information that may emerge 
concerning the spread of the pandemic and actions taken to contain the coronavirus or its impact, 
among others. 
1.5. 
Litigation and Arbitration 
The Issuer was not engaged in any governmental, legal, arbitration, administrative or other 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which are likely to have a material adverse 
effect upon the Issuer's financial position or profitability. 
1.6. 
Statutory Auditor 
The audit firm of the Issuer is KSI Malta, Certified Public Accountants, having its registered office at 
6, Villa Gauci, Mdina Road, Balzan, BZN 9031 and is registered with the Malta business registry 
under No LPA 92. The Issuer has changed its statutory auditor for the period of its Financial Statements 
beginning 01 January 2019 to KSI Malta.   
1.7. 
Tax Advisory 
Tax advisory to the Issuer is provided inter alia by Deloitte, a civil partnership, registered in Malta; 
having its registered office at Deloitte Place, Triq L-Intornjatur, Central Business District, CBD 3050 
Malta. 
1.8.   Administration 
In terms of the Issuer's Memorandum of Association, the Issuer's board of directors must consist, at 
all times, of a minimum of two directors and a maximum of five directors. The business address of the 
directors of the Issuer is the same as that of the Issuer. 
As at the date of the publication of this Base Prospectus, the directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Dirk Koester 
Since 22 June 2015, Mr Koester has been Managing Director of E-Stream Energy Management 
GmbH, the managing general partner of the Issuer. Mr Koester is authorized to represent the Issuer on 
his own behalf and to enter into legal transactions with himself in his own name or as a representative 
of a third party (exemption from the restrictions of section 181 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch). 
He has worked for the Issuer's General Partner since 2004, is since June 2015 member of its Board of 
Directors and and has around 15 years experience in its energy business and energy storage and 
technology business. 
Furthermore, Mr Koester has been working in the financial sector since 1987. From 1987 to 1992 he 
worked in foreign exchange trading and futures trading, first with Dean Witter Reynolds in Frankfurt 
am Main, later with Prudential Bache in Munich and with Merrill Lynch in Munich.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
In 1992, Mr Koester became self-employed in the investment sector and has been working with 
Timberland Capital Management GmbH since 1996, where he has been responsible for asset 
management since 1999. Since 1999 Mr Koester has been working for Timberland Service GmbH in 
the field of sales control. 
Since 2003, Mr Koester has been responsible together with Mr Kraemer for the portfolio management 
of the mutual fund "Timberland Top-Dividende International". He is a member of the Board of 
Directors of Timberland SICAV. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of the financial 
services institution Timberland Fund Management Ltd. (Malta) and Timberland Invest Ltd. (Malta). 
Mr Koester has, since 2003, performed individual portfolio management, fund management and 
investment advisory services for Timberland Capital Management GmbH.  
In particular, he performs the day-to-day portfolio management of the retail sub-fund Timberland Top-
Dividende International together with Mr Kraemer. Since 1999, Mr Koester has also worked for 
Timberland Service GmbH, Germany, which is a licensed financial service provider in Germany 
(section 34 lit. f German Trade, Commerce and Industry Regulation Act (Gewerbeordnung) whose 
services include the distribution of financial products, including the fund Timberland Top-Dividende 
International, to retail, professional and institutional investors as well as other financial service 
providers. In this regard, Mr Koester works on a day-to-day basis with the register and transfer agents 
of the said products.  
In addition to the above, Mr Koester has also, since 1999, setup (together with Mr Kraemer) several 
investment structures and AIFs in Germany, which are authorized for public offering by the German 
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin). 
His work included several functions ranging from assistance in setting up of the said structures to the 
da-to-day running thereof including inter alia being a member of a supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat). 
Mr. Koester serves since 2015 as member of the board of directors of E-Stream Energy Management 
GmbH, which is a General Partner to E-Stream Energy GmbH & Co KG. 
Mr Koester is a member of the board of directors and member of the investment committee of 
Timberland Fund Management Ltd. and member of the board of directors and member of investment 
advisory committee of Timberland Invest Ltd. Timberland Fund Management Ltd. is a Maltese 
MFSA-licensed full-scope AIFM, which is authorised to manage open-ended and close-ended AIFs 
and is also authorised to perform discretionary portfolio management services, to receive and transmit 
orders and to provide investment advice. Timberland Fund Management Ltd. passports its services to 
nearly all Member States of the European Union. Timberland Invest Ltd. is licensed as MiFID-
company to provide a number of services including the reception and transmission of orders, 
investment advice and placement of financial instruments without a firm commitment in respect of all 
financial instruments falling within the remit of Annex 1 to MiFID II. Timberland Invest Ltd. passports 
its service to all Member States of the European Union and to Norway, Island and Liechtenstein, all 
of which are countries of the European Economic Area. 
Mr Koester is since 2015 a Managing Director of E-Stream Energy Management GmbH. Mr Koester 
is authorized to represent the Issuer on his own behalf and to enter into legal transactions with himself 
in his own name or as a representative of a third party (exemption from the restrictions of section 181 
German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch)). E-Stream Energy Management GmbH is General 
Partner (Komplementärin) of E-Stream GmbH & Co KGaA, a limited Partnership limited by shares, 
where the Issuer is shareholder. E-Stream GmbH & Co KGaA has been incorporated in 2019 and 
entered in the german trade register (Handelsregister) in the beginning of 2020.   
Currently, Mr Koester is also inter alia a member of the management boards of the securitisation 
companies Timberland Securities SPC and Timberland Securities II SPC (Cayman Islands) as well as 
Timberland Investment S.A. (Luxembourg). He is also a member of the management bodies of other 
companies in the financial sector and other areas. As of today, Mr Koester also serves as member of

--- Page 152 ---
152 
the board of directors of Timberland Securities SPC and Timberland Securities II SPC (Cayman 
Islands), and Timberland Investment S.A. (Luxembourg), all of which are securitisation companies. 
He also serves as member of the board of directors of additional financial and non-financial entities. 
Furthermore, he serves inter alia as a member of the board of directors of (i) Timberland Management 
GmbH, which is a General Partner to inter alia Timberland Finance GmbH & Co KG and its branch 
in Hungary as well Timberland Finance International GmbH & Co KG and its branch in Hungary and 
(ii) E-Stream Energy Management GmbH, which is a General Partner to E-Stream Energy GmbH & 
Co KG and E-Stream GmbH & Co KGaA. 
Thomas Kraemer 
Mr Kraemer has been working in the financial sector since 1993. Since 1996 he has been a managing 
partner of Timberland Capital Management GmbH, which manages financial portfolios throughout 
Europe, and since 1999 a managing partner of Timberland Service GmbH, a financial service provider 
for investment brokerage and investment consulting. Mr Kraemer is also a member of the Board of 
Directors of Timberland SICAV and in this capacity is responsible for the portfolio management of 
the "Timberland Top-Dividend International" mutual fund launched jointly with DG Bank 
Luxembourg in 1999. Since 2003 he has been carrying out this task together with Mr Koester. Mr 
Kraemer is also managing partner of Timberland Investment GmbH, a financial services provider for 
investment advice, investment brokerage and financial portfolio management. He is also a member of 
the Board of Directors of the financial services companies Timberland Fund Management Ltd. (Malta) 
and Timberland Invest Ltd. (Malta).  
Currently, Mr Kraemer is also a member of the executive boards of the securitisation companies 
Timberland Securities SPC and Timberland Securities II SPC (Cayman Islands) and Timberland 
Investment S.A. (Luxembourg). He is also a member of the management bodies of other companies 
in the financial sector and other areas. 
Mr Kraemer has, since 1996, performed individual portfolio management and investment advisory 
services. Mr Kraemer has been a shareholder and board member of Timberland Capital Management 
GmbH since 1996. The said company is since 1998 under authorization of the predecessor of the 
BaFin, Bundesaufsichtsamt für das Kreditwesen (BaKred), and the services thereof are passported to 
several European countries. 
In 1999, together with DG Bank Luxembourg, Mr Kraemer set up a retail sub-fund, Timberland Top-
Dividende International, which was a sub-fund of DG LUX Multimanager I SICAV (the latter being 
authorized for retail public offering in Luxembourg, Germany, and, as of 2002, also in Austria). 
Mr Kraemer is responsible for the day-by-day portfolio management of this fund and since 2003, he 
has performed this role together with Mr Dirk Koester.  
Mr Kraemer has also, since 1999, been a member of the board of directors of Timberland Service 
GmbH, Germany, which is licensed as a financial service provider in Germany (section 34 lit. f 
German Trade, Commerce and Industry Regulation Act (Gewerbeordnung)) and acts as distribution 
agent of the fund Timberland Top-Dividende International.  
Mr. Kraemer serves since 2004 as member of the board of directors of E-Stream Energy Management 
GmbH, which is a General Partner to E-Stream Energy GmbH & Co KG. 
In 2006, Mr Kraemer assisted in the migration of the fund Timberland Top-Dividende International to 
AHW SICAV (a new setup SICAV) with LRI Invest as UCITS Management Company. Mr Kraemer 
was deputy chairman (stellvertretender Verwaltungsrat) of the board of directors (Verwaltungsrat) of 
the SICAV between 2006 and August of 2010. Timberland Capital Management GmbH and 
Timberland Service GmbH (both of which Mr Kraemer was involved in, in the capacities referenced 
above) were respectively appointed as portfolio manager and distribution agent/information agent to 
the said SICAV.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
In 2010, Mr Kraemer assisted in the migration of the fund Timberland Top-Dividende International to 
Timberland SICAV. Mr Kraemer has, since August 2010, been appointed as deputy chairman 
(stellvertretender Verwaltungsrat) of Timberland SICAV. In this instance, Timberland Capital 
Management GmbH and Timberland Service GmbH (both of which Mr Kraemer was involved in, in 
the capacities referenced above) were also appointed to perform the functions of portfolio manager 
and distribution agent/information agent to the said SICAV. 
In addition to the above, Mr Kraemer has also, since 1999, setup several investment structures 
(Vermögensanlagen) and AIFs in Germany, which have been (as of 2009) authorized for public 
offering by BaFin. His work included several functions ranging from assistance in drafting the 
prospectus of the said AIF/investment structures (together with the advising law firm) to the day-to-
day running thereof, including setting up the relationship with Commerzbank AG (as account bank for 
the said AIFs/investment structures).  
Mr Kraemer is a shareholder and board member of Timberland Investment GmbH. In 2014, 
Timberland Investment GmbH was granted authorization by the BaFin as full scope AIFM for closed 
ended AIFs including individual portfolio management, investment advice, reception and transmission 
of orders and the safekeeping and management of shares or units in domestic investment funds, EU 
investment funds and/or foreign AIF for others and the marketing of units or shares in investment 
funds to third parties. 
Mr Kraemer is also a board member and investment committee member of Timberland Fund 
Management Ltd. and a board member and member of investment advisory committee of Timberland 
Invest Ltd. Timberland Fund Management Ltd. is a Maltese MFSA-licensed full-scope AIFM, which 
is authorised to manage open-ended and close-ended AIFs and is also authorised to perform 
discretionary portfolio management services, to receive and transmit orders and to provide investment 
advice. Timberland Fund Management Ltd. passports its services to nearly all Member States. 
Timberland Invest Ltd. is licensed as MiFID-company to provide a number of services including the 
reception and transmission of orders, investment advice and placement of financial instruments 
without a firm commitment in respect of all financial instruments falling within the remit of Annex 1 
to MiFID. Timberland Invest Ltd. passports its service to all Member States and to Norway, Island 
and Liechtenstein, all of which are countries of the European Economic Area. 
As of today, Mr Kraemer serves as member of the board of directors of Timberland Securities SPC 
and Timberland Securities II SPC (Cayman Islands), and Timberland Investment S.A. (Luxembourg), 
all of which are securitisation companies.  
Since E-Stream Energy GmbH & Co KG was founded on 19 November 2004 (entered in the 
commercial register on 1 December 2004), Mr Kraemer has been Managing Director of E-Stream 
Energy Management GmbH. Mr Kraemer is authorized to represent the Issuer on his own behalf and 
to enter into legal transactions with himself in his own name or as a representative of a third party 
(exemption from the restrictions of section 181 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). E-
Stream Energy Management GmbH is General Partner (Komplementärin) of E-Stream GmbH & Co 
KGaA, a limited Partnership limited by shares, where the Issuer is shareholder. E-Stream GmbH & 
Co KGaA has been incorporated in 2019 and entered in the german trade register (Handelsregister) in 
the beginning of 2020.    
Mr Kraemer also serves as member of the board of directors of additional financial and non-financial 
entities. Furthermore, he serves inter alia as a member of the board of directors of (i) Timberland 
Management GmbH, which is a General Partner to inter alia Timberland Finance GmbH & Co KG 
and its branch in Hungary as well Timberland Finance International GmbH & Co KG and its branch 
in Hungary and (ii) E-Stream Energy Management GmbH, which is a General Partner to E-Stream 
Energy GmbH & Co KG and E-Stream GmbH & Co KGaA.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Anthony J Paris 
Mr Paris is a business consultant mainly working on projects to deliver improvements in service 
delivery performance and project management. His ideas on project leadership and management are 
described in a book written by Gordon D. Webster and published by Gower Press in English and by 
the Spanish Institute for Quality in Spanish. His management work included several years helping 
organizations like Chase Manhattan Bank, American Express, Metropolitan Life, NASA, and General 
Electric in the USA. Currently he is based in Europe, consulting with large organizations such as 
Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), Schindler Elevators & Escalators, Citibank, BBVA, 
Department of the Treasury (Southern Australia), Genpact and UST Global. 
He graduated in mechanical engineering from University of Manchester, in England. At the same 
university, he later wrote a thesis on the cooling and controlling of nuclear reactors using liquid sodium 
as a coolant and was awarded a M.Sc. from Manchester University. His mathematical modelling work 
on nuclear reactors forms the basis of a number of business, financial and risk assessment models that 
he developed for various clients. 
Mr Paris worked as systems analyst in England from 1968 to 1970 and moved to USA in 1970 where 
he worked with several financial institutions as management consultant from 1970 to 1978 developing 
systems to help investment analysts and portfolio managers. In 1978, he started a management training 
& consulting business in New York delivering services to Fortune 500 companies. From 1990 to 1996, 
he was managing director for Air Malta, the Maltese national airline, performing a major 
reorganization and implementing major automation projects. From 1996 onwards, he worked with 
major companies in the fields of operations management, project management and service 
management. He also worked with hedge fund managers on forecasting models and risk management 
models. 
Mr Paris currently co-manages a USD 30 million family office fund. In addition, he is a director on 
the board of various fund management and administration companies based in Malta, with MLRO and 
risk officer responsibility. Mr Paris is a director of companies within the E-Seven Systems Group of 
companies. 
2. 
Organisational Structure and Dependency on other Companies 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the shareholders of the Issuer are as follows: 
 
Timberland Holding II Ltd. (C 68800), having registered address at 171, Old Bakery Street, 
Valletta, VLT 1455, Malta, which holds 99.99 per cent. of the issued share capital of the 
Issuer; and 
 
Timberland Investment Ltd. (MC-295373), having registered address at PO Box 1093, 
Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands, which holds 0.01 per cent. 
of the issued share capital of the Issuer. 
The Issuer does not, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, have shareholdings in other companies. 
Besides the fact that the Issuer is a subsidiary of Timberland Holding II Ltd, the Issuer is not dependent 
on any other company. 
3. 
Principal Activities and Markets 
The principal objects of the Issuer (and powers which may be exercised to attain such objects) are 
those which are set out in clause 4 of the Issuer's Memorandum of Association, which is incorporated 
by reference herein.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
As of the date of the publication of this Base Prospectus, the principal activity of the Issuer comprises 
acting as arranger or sub-arranger in respect of the issuance of limited recourse notes by Timberland 
Securities SPC, Timberland Securities II SPC and Timberland Investment S.A. 
In its role as arranger or sub-arranger in respect of the issuance of notes by the aforementioned entities, 
all of which are securitization vehicles, the Issuer provides (amongst others) the following services: 
 
the provision of consultancy services in connection with the acquisition, holding and 
liquidation of the underlying securitized assets;  
 
the co-ordination of all documentary and legal aspects of the issuance of notes by Timberland 
Securities SPC, Timberland Securities II SPC and Timberland Investment S.A.; and 
 
paying amounts due under the notes issued by Timberland Securities SPC, Timberland 
Securities II SPC and Timberland Investment S.A. 
As consideration for performing its role as arranger or sub-arranger in respect of the issuance of the 
notes by Timberland Securities SPC, Timberland Securities II SPC and Timberland Investment S.A., 
the Issuer receives or will receive, with respect to each different notes issued by Timberland Securities 
SPC and Timberland Securities II SPC: (i) fees of up to 15 per cent. of the adjusted nominal value of 
each note (which adjusted nominal value is calculated by reference, amongst others, to the value of 
the underlying securitized and/or index-linked assets obtaining on the day on which such note is 
subscribed); and/or (ii) further fees, currently up to a maximum limit of EUR 1,995,000 of each note.  
The main markets within which the Issuer currently competes are the Republic of Malta, the Republic 
of Austria, the Federal Republic of Germany, Hungary, the Republic of Ireland, the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the Cayman Islands, whilst the main markets within which Timberland Securities 
SPC, Timberland Securities II SPC and Timberland Investment S.A. currently compete are mainly in 
the Republic of Austria, Hungary, the Republic of Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, as well in the Republic of Croatia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, the 
French Republic, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, 
Romania, the Slovak Republic and the Republic of Slovenia.  
The Issuer is a shareholder in various companies.  
The Issuer may, in the future, act as arranger or sub-arranger in other securitization and index-linked 
transactions or carry out other services in any of the aforementioned and/or other jurisdictions. 
4. 
Material Contracts 
Arranger Agreements in respect of Issuance of notes by Timberland Securities SPC, Timberland 
Securities SPC II and Timberland Investment S.A.  
Pursuant to agreements dated 27 August 2015, the Issuer was appointed to act as arranger or sub-
arranger in respect of the issuance of notes by Timberland Securities SPC, Timberland Securities II 
SPC and Timberland Investment S.A. In terms of the said agreements, the Issuer was appointed to 
assist in the setting up of the securitization transactions and to provide, amongst others, the following 
services to Timberland Securities SPC, Timberland Securities II SPC and Timberland Investment S.A. 
respectively: (a) the provision of consultancy services in connection with the acquisition, holding and 
liquidation of the underlying securitized assets; and (b) the co-ordination of all documentary and legal 
aspects of the issuance of notes by Timberland Securities SPC, Timberland Securities II SPC and 
Timberland Investment S.A. All agreements may be terminated, inter alia, by the delivery by either 
party thereto of one month's written notice.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
The Issuer is acting as guarantor to a bond issued by E-Stream Energy GmbH & Co KG in an amount 
of up to EUR 8 million (plus interest and potential additional costs in connection with said bond) which 
has a maturity date of 15 November 2029. 
II. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE AGENTS 
1. 
Paying Agents 
(a) 
Under a paying agency agreement between the Issuer and Baader Bank AG, a public limited 
liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Germany, under the supervision 
of the BaFin, having its head office in Weihenstephaner Straße 4, 85716 Unterschleißheim, 
Germany, registered with the Munich registry of companies under number HRB 121537 
(Baader Bank), Bader Bank may be appointed as principal paying agent for one or more 
series of bearer notes from time to time beside other paying agent(s) in regard to other series 
of bearer notes.  
Baader Bank will carry out the tasks set out in the paying agency agreement, including the 
provision of customary banking services to the Issuer with respect to the Notes issued by the 
Issuer (except for the registrar and transfer agent services with regard to the registered Notes, 
which are performed by the registrar and transfer agent(s) (as defined below)).  
Baader Bank has an interest in the offer of the bearer Notes and, for the performance of the 
respective paying agency function, will receive a remuneration of approximately EUR 8,000 
per annum. 
The Issuer is free to conclude in future one or more paying agency agreements with one or 
more paying agents for one or more issued Notes. 
(b) 
Under a paying agency agreement between the Issuer and BankM AG, a public limited liability 
company incorporated and existing under the laws of Germany, under the supervision of the 
National Competent Authority in Germany, having its head office in Mainzer Landstr. 61, 
60329 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, registered with the Frankfurt am Main registry of 
companies under number HRB 79542 (BankM), BankM may be appointed as principal 
paying agent for one or more series of bearer notes from time to time beside other paying 
agent(s) in regard to other series of bearer notes. 
BankM may carry out the tasks set out in the paying agency agreement, including the provision 
of customary banking services to the Issuer with respect to the Notes issued by the Issuer 
(except for the registrar and transfer agent services with regard to the registered Notes, which 
are performed by the registrar and transfer agent(s) (as defined below)).  
BankM will then have an interest in the offer of the bearer Notes and, for the performance of 
the respective paying agency function, will receive a remuneration of approximately 
EUR 8,000 per annum. 
The Issuer is free to conclude in future one or more paying agency agreements with one or 
more paying agents for one or more issued Notes. 
2. 
Registrar and Transfer Agents 
Timberland Securities Investment plc is free to perform the function of the register and transfer agent 
itself or appoint one or more other registrar and transfer agents for one or more issued Notes. 
Under a registrar and transfer agreement between the Issuer and Alter Domus Fund Services (Malta) 
Limited, a private limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Malta, having 
its registered office at Vision Exchange Building, Territorials Street, Mriehel BKR 3000, Malta,

--- Page 157 ---
157 
registered with the Companies Register of Malta under number C52740 (Alter Domus), Alter Domus 
is appointed by the Issuer as registrar and transfer agent in respect of the registered Notes.  
Alter Domus is regulated by the MFSA and is authorised to provide, inter alia, fund administration 
services in accordance with the Investment Services Act (Cap. 370 of the laws of Malta). Alter Domus 
acts as administrator to various other collective investment schemes licensed in Malta. 
Timberland Securities Investment plc, in its role as registrar and transfer agent, and Alter Domus are 
both authorised to have its tasks performed by suitable third parties. 
Alter Domus has an interest in the offer of the registered Notes and will receive a remuneration of up 
to EUR 12,000 per annum (based on 1,000 registers) and EUR 1 for any additional register. 
In case of Maltese fixed rate registered notes issued in dematerialised form, the Malta Stock Exchange 
(MSE) having its office at Garrison Chapel, Castille Place, Valletta, VLT 1063, Malta functions as 
registrar and transfer agent (in the sense of the Terms and Conditions of Option III). The MSE and the 
Issuer have concluded an agreement with respect to the role and functions of MSE. Furthermore, MSE 
has an interest in the offer of the registered Notes issued in dematerialised form and will receive a 
remuneration for the services performed and executed of approximately EUR 9,000 per annum. 
The Issuer is free to conclude in future one or more registrar and transfer agreement(s) with one or 
more registrar and transfer agents for one or more issued Notes. 
3. 
Fiscal Agents 
Based on a fiscal agency agreement the Issuer has concluded with Timberland Invest Ltd., which is a 
private limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Malta, under the 
supervision of the MFSA, with registered office at 171, Old Bakery Street, Valletta VLT 1455, Malta, 
having its Head Office in Aragon House, St. George's Park, St. Julian's STJ 3140, Malta, registered 
with the Maltese registry of companies under number C60291 (the Fiscal Agent), the Fiscal Agent, as 
far as the appointment of a fiscal agent is mandatory in any Public Offer Jurisdictions, performs 
customary fiscal agency services in respect of the Notes. 
Under the fiscal agency agreement, will carry out the customary tasks set out in the fiscal agency 
agreement. 
The Fiscal Agent has an interest in the offer of the Notes and will receive in respect of each issuance 
of Notes a remuneration of EUR 2,500 plus costs and expenses occurred by third parties (tax advisors 
a.o.) in the relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions. 
The Issuer is free to conclude in future one or more fiscal agency agreements with one or more fiscal 
agents. 
4. 
Listing Agents 
(a) 
The Issuer has concluded a listing agency agreement with Baader Bank, acting as listing agent 
of the Issuer for the application that may be made to the Vienna MTF market of the Vienna 
Stock Exchange (the Vienna MTF). 
Under the listing agency agreement, Baader Bank will ensure the listing of the bearer Notes 
with the before mentioned markets/exchanges. 
Baader Bank has an interest in the offer of the Notes and, for the performance of the respective 
listung agency function, will receive a remuneration equivalent to an amount of up to 
EUR 8,000 per each issuance of bearer Note and a onetime remuneration of EUR 1,500.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
(b) 
The Issuer has concluded a listing agency agreement with Timberland Capital Management 
GmbH, a private limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of 
Germany, under the supervision of the BaFin, having its head office in Hüttenallee 137, 47800 
Krefeld, Germany, registered with the Duisburg registry of companies under number 
HRB 7204 (Timberland Capital Management), acting as listing agent of the Issuer for the 
application that may be made to the Vienna MTF.  
Under the listing agency agreement, Timberland Capital Management will ensure the listing 
of the register and/or the bearer Notes with the before mentioned market/exchange. 
Timberland Capital Management may use third parties in order to fulfil its scope of business 
and its agent role. 
Timberland Capital Management has an interest in the offer of the Notes and, for the 
performance of the respective listung agency function, will receive a remuneration equivalent 
to an amount of up to EUR 8,000 per each issuance of bearer Note and a onetime remuneration 
of EUR 1,500. 
The Issuer is free to conclude in future one or more listing agency agreements with one or more listing 
agents for the before mentioned listings. 
5. 
Collecting and Account Banks 
(a) 
The Issuer has appointed Commerzbank AG, a public limited company (Aktiengesellschaft) 
incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, having its registered office 
at Kaiserplatz, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, and registered in the trade register of 
Frankfurt/Main under number HRB 32000 as collecting bank and account bank (the 
Collecting Bank and/or German Account Bank). 
The Collecting Bank will receive (i) subscription monies from the registered Notes and bearer 
Notes from the relevant investors which pay the issue price in Euro and (ii) any subscription 
monies in a currency other than Euro from the Notes from the relevant local branches and 
subsidiaries or correspondent banks of the Collecting Bank in the relevant jurisdictions. The 
Collecting Bank will immediately convert the subscription monies (as mentioned under (ii) 
above) into a Euro amount taking into consideration the applicable spot rate.  
The Collecting Bank/German Account Bank has an interest in the offer of the Notes and will 
receive a remuneration of approximately EUR 650 per annum and market standard payment 
fees. 
(b) 
The Issuer has appointed Bank of Valletta, a public limited company incorporated under the 
laws of Malta, having its registered office at 58, Zachary Street, Valletta VLT 1130, Malta, 
and registered in the trade register of Malta under number C2833 as account bank (the Maltese 
Account Bank).  
The Maltese Account Bank will receive subscription monies (as mentioned under (a) above) 
from the registered Notes and bearer Notes from the relevant investors which pay the issue in 
Euro.  
The Maltese Account Bank has an interest in the offer of the Notes and will receive a 
remuneration of approximately EUR 650 per annum and market standard payment fees. 
The Issuer is free to conclude in future one or more Collecting and Account Bank agreements with 
one or more Collecting and Account Banks.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
6. 
Distribution Agents 
(a) 
The Issuer has concluded a distribution agency agreement with Timberland Invest Ltd., a 
private limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Malta, under the 
supervision of the MFSA, with registered office at 171, Old Bakery Street, Valletta VLT 1455, 
Malta, having its head office in Aragon House, St. George's Park, St. Julian's STJ 3140, Malta, 
registered with the Maltese registry of companies under number C60291 (Timberland 
Invest), acting as distribution agent of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
Under the distribution agency agreement, Timberland Invest and its sales partners and sub-
sales partners will ensure the offering and distribution of the Notes in the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions. Timberland Invest undertakes to use best efforts to offer and distribute the Notes 
in the Public Offer Jurisdictions in accordance with the relevant selling restrictions and 
applicable law. 
Timberland Invest has an interest in the offer of the Notes and will receive in respect of each 
subscribed Note a remuneration equivalent to an amount of up to 15 per cent. of the issued 
Notes. 
(b) 
The Issuer has concluded furthermore a distribution agency agreement with Timberland 
Capital Management acting as distribution agent of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
Under the distribution agency agreement, Timberland Capital Management and its sales 
partners and sub-sales partners will ensure the offering and distribution of the Notes in certain 
Public Offer Jurisdictions. Timberland Capital Management undertakes to use best efforts to 
offer and distribute the Notes in certain Public Offer Jurisdiction in accordance with the 
relevant selling restrictions and applicable law. 
Timberland Capital Management has an interest in the offer of the Notes and will receive a 
remuneration equivalent to an amount of up to 15 per cent. of the issued Notes. 
(c) 
The Issuer has concluded a distribution agency agreement with Timberland Finance 
International GmbH & Co KG, a limited partnership incorporated and existing under the laws 
of Germany, a Tied Agent of Timberland Invest Ltd. (as per above) and with office at 
Hüttenallee 137, 47800 Krefeld, Germany, and registered in the trade register of Duisburg 
under number HRA 12350 (Timberland Finance International), acting as distribution agent 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes.  
Under the distribution agency agreement, Timberland Finance International and its sales 
partners and sub-sales partners will ensure the offering and distribution of the Notes in certain 
Public Offer Jurisdictions. Timberland Finance International undertakes to use best efforts to 
offer and distribute the Notes in certain Public Offer Jurisdiction in accordance with the 
relevant selling restrictions and applicable law. 
Timberland Finance International has an interest in the offer of the Notes and will receive a 
remuneration equivalent to an amount of up to 15 per cent. of the issued Notes. 
(d) 
The Issuer has concluded a distribution agency agreement with Timberland Finance 
International GmbH & Co KG Branch Hungary ("Timberland Finance International GmbH & 
Co. KG Magyarországi Fióktelepe"), a limited partnerhsip incorporated and existing under the 
laws of Germany, a Tied Agent of Timberland Invest Ltd. (as per above) and with registered 
office at Benczúr utca 47, 1068 Budapest, Hungary, registered with the Capital Court registry 
of companies under number 01-17-001166 (Timberland Finance International Branch 
Hungary), acting as distribution agent of the Issuer in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Under the distribution agency agreement, Timberland Finance International Branch Hungary 
and its sales partners and sub-sales partners will ensure the offering and distribution of the 
Notes in certain Public Offer Jurisdictions. Timberland Finance International Branch Hungary 
undertakes to use best efforts to offer and distribute the Notes in certain Public Offer 
Jurisdiction in accordance with the relevant selling restrictions and applicable law. 
Timberland Finance International Branch Hungary has an interest in the offer of the Notes and 
will receive a remuneration equivalent to an amount of up to 15 per cent. of the issued Notes.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
TAXATION 
Warning: The tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult 
their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, 
including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws applicable in the Republic of Austria, 
Kingdom of Belgium, the Republic of Bulgaria, the Republic of Croatia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Czech 
Republic, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Republic of Finland, the French Republic, the Hellenic Republic, 
Hungary, the Republic of Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Republic of Malta, the Kingdom of Norway, the 
Republic of Poland, the Portuguese Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic, the Republic of Slovenia, the 
Kingdom of Spain and the Kingdom of Sweden and each country of which they are resident.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
I. 
PUBLIC OFFER SELLING RESTRICTION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area other than a Public Offer Jurisdiction 
falling under the Prospectus Regulation (each, a Relevant Member State), and with effect from and 
including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is applicable in that Relevant Member State 
(the Relevant Date) an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus cannot be made to the public in that Relevant Member State except that, with effect from 
and including the Relevant Date, an offer of such Notes to the public may be made in that Relevant 
Member State at any time: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Issuer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 6 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Relevant Member 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any 
measure under the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State; 
(b) 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto). 
II. 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
The Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised in the 
European Economic Area other than in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation (as amended).  
III. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND ITS TERRITORIES 
The Notes are not and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Accordingly, they will not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the public in the 
United States except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933 and, in particular, this Base Prospectus does not constitute and may not be distributed as 
a public offering or invitation to purchase Notes in the United States. 
IV. 
SWITZERLAND 
In case an offer of Notes, if any, takes place into or within Switzerland, each of the Distribution Agents 
as mentioned in this Base Prospectus have represented and agreed that it will only offer or sell the 
Notes in Switzerland in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in force in Switzerland, 
and will, to the extent necessary, obtain any consent, approval or permission required, if any, for the

--- Page 163 ---
163 
offer or sale by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in Switzerland. Only this Base 
Prospectus and any other information incorporated therein by reference and required to ensure 
compliance with the Swiss Code of Obligations and all other applicable laws and regulations of 
Switzerland (in particular, additional and updated corporate and financial information that shall be 
provided by the Issuer) may be used in the context of an offer to the public in or into Switzerland. 
Each of the Distribution Agents as mentioned in this Base Prospectus have agreed that all of such 
documents and information shall be furnished to any potential purchaser in Switzerland upon request 
in such manner and at such times as shall be required by the Swiss Code of Obligations and all other 
applicable laws and regulations of Switzerland.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
OFFER TO THE PUBLIC 
The Issuer has requested or will request that the Central Bank provides to the competent authority in each of 
the Public Offer Jurisdictions a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Upon provision of such certificate, an offer of the Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in the Public Offer Jurisdictions during 
the period set out in section "Offer Period" below. The Notes may only be offered or sold in any jurisdictions 
(including, without limitation, the Public Offer Jurisdictions), in accordance with the requirements of the 
relevant securities laws and regulations applicable in such jurisdictions. 
I. 
OFFER PERIOD 
The offer period of the relevant issuance of Notes under this Base Prospectus will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right for any reason to close the relevant offer period 
early. Subject to the Final Terms the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to continue the offer 
period after expiry of the period of validity of the Base Prospectus under a succeeding base prospectus.  
Notice will be made to investors by means of a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
(www.timberland-securities-investment.com or any successor or replacement address thereto). The 
Issuer will also regularly inform the Noteholders during the offer period about the number of Notes 
sold during such offer period to investors by publishing the relevant information on the website of the 
Issuer (www.timberland-securities-investment.com or any successor or replacement address thereto). 
The Issuer will notify the Central Bank of the result of the offering of the Notes at the end of the offer 
period. 
II. 
SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD 
Notes will be offered during a subscription period as specified in the Final Terms. Subject to applicable 
Final Terms, after expiration of the subscription period, the offer period may be continued after expiry. 
In this case, a respective offer may be made without engagement. 
III. 
ISSUE PRICE 
During the relevant subscription period or in case the Notes are offered without engagement after 
expiration of the subscription period, the Issuer will offer and sell each Note at the relevant issue price 
as determined in the applicable Final Terms. The issue price in respect of the Notes is published on 
each business day (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) on the Issuer's website (www.timberland-
securities-investment.com or any successor or replacement address thereto) and sent to the Central 
Bank in accordance with Article 17(2) of the the Prospectus Regulation. 
IV. 
PUBLICATION OF AN OFFER TO THE PUBLIC 
The offer of the Notes will be made through different communication channels including public 
announcements, advertisements, mailing of quarterly reports or newsletters to existing or future 
investors, marketing activities in connection with coordinated advertising brochures and other printed 
matter. 
V. 
METHOD OF CALCULATING THE YIELD  
The yield for Notes will be calculated by the use of the applicable calculation method (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions (see the relevant clause which is entitled Distributions or Interest, as 
applicable)), which determines the effective rate of interest of notes taking into account accrued 
interest (if any) and the applicable rate of distributions (as determined in the applicable Final Terms). 
An indication of the yield in respect of the Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the issue date of the Notes and will not 
be an indication of future yield.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
VI. 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw the offer of Notes for any reason at any time prior to the end 
of the offer period. In addition, and subject to the Final Terms, the Issuer reserves the continuation of 
the public offering of the Notes after expiry of the period of validity of the Base Prospectus under a 
succeeding base prospectus. Subject to the Final Terms, the Issuer reserves the right to continue the 
public offer subject to the filing of new Final Terms for the Notes under another base prospectus.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if any application has been made by a potential investor to purchase the 
Notes and the Issuer exercises the right to withdraw the offer, each such potential investor shall not be 
entitled to subscribe for or otherwise purchase any Notes. Notice of such withdrawal or cancellation 
of the issuance of the Notes will be made to investors by means of a notice published on the website 
of the Issuer (www.timberland-securities-investment.com or any successor or replacement address 
thereto). In addition, further conditions may apply (subject to the relevant Final Terms) with a longer 
period of validity. 
VII. 
THE TIME PERIOD DURING WHICH THE OFFER OF THE NOTES WILL BE OPEN AND 
DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLICATION PROCESS 
The offer of the Notes will be open during the offer period (as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms).Applications for the purchase of Notes can be made to the Issuer with a copy to the Distribution 
Agent(s) at its/their address(es) as set out in section "Description of the Parties". Amendments to the 
offer period and the application process, if any, will be notified to investors by means of a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer (www.timberland-securities-investment.com or any successor 
or replacement address thereto).  
VIII. DETAILS OF THE MINIMUM AND/OR MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF APPLICATION 
Subject to applicable Final Terms and further specification, there is no minimum allocation of Notes 
per investor. The maximum allocation of Notes will be subject only to availability at the time of the 
application. Also subject to further specification, there are no pre-identified allotment criteria. The 
Issuer will adopt allotment criteria that ensure equal treatment of prospective investors and the Issuer 
or the Distribution Agents will notify each applicant of the amount of Notes allotted. All the Notes 
requested during the offer period will be assigned up to the maximum amount of the offer. 
IX. 
DETAILS OF THE METHOD FOR PAYING UP AND DELIVERING THE NOTES 
The Notes will be, as the case may be and subject to further determination in the relevant Final Terms, 
either sold against payment of the relevant issue price to the Issuer or to any agent designated by the 
Issuer as described under the section entititled "Selling Restrictions" of this Base Prospectus or free of 
payment. Each investor will be notified of the settlement arrangements in respect of the Notes at the 
time of such investor's application. 
X. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE POSSIBILITY TO REDUCE SUBSCRIPTIONS AND MANNER 
FOR REFUNDING EXCESS AMOUNT PAID BY APPLICANTS 
In case not specified otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, it is not possible to reduce subscriptions. 
XI. 
MANNER AND DATE IN WHICH RESULTS OF THE OFFER ARE TO BE MADE PUBLIC 
The Issuer will inform the Noteholders during the offer period about the number of Notes sold during 
such offer period to investors by publishing the relevant information on the website of the Issuer 
(www.timberland-securities-investment.com or any successor or replacement address thereto) or any 
successor website.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
XII. 
PROCESS FOR NOTIFYING APPLICANTS OF THE AMOUNT ALLOTTED AND AN 
INDICATION WHETHER DEALING MAY BEGIN BEFORE NOTIFICATION IS MADE 
Information in relation to the process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted will be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. Subject to the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer reserves the right to arrange 
for a trading on terms of issue. 
XIII. CATEGORIES OF POTENTIAL INVESTORS TO WHICH THE NOTES ARE OFFERED 
Offers of Notes may be made in each of the Public Offer Jurisdictions (as specified in the Final Terms) 
to any person during the offer period. In other EEA countries, offers during the offer period may only 
be made pursuant to an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation, as 
implemented in such countries, to publish a prospectus. Outside of the offer period, offers in all 
jurisdictions (including the Public Offer Jurisdictions) will only be made pursuant to an exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in such countries, to publish a 
prospectus. 
XIV. 
LIST OF JURISDICTIONS, IN WHICH NON-EXEMPT OFFERS MAY BE MADE 
Non‐exempt offers may be made in the Republic of Austria, the Kingdom of Belgium, the Republic 
of Bulgaria, the Republic of Croatia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, the Kingdom of 
Denmark, the Republic of Finland, the French Republic, the Hellenic Republic, Hungary, the Republic 
of Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Republic of Malta, the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of 
Poland, the Portuguese Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic, the Republic of Slovenia, the 
Kingdom of Spain and the Kingdom of Sweden.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
I. 
AUTHORISATION 
The issue of the Notes was duly authorised by the resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer 
during a meeting held on 21 January 2022. 
II. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Registered Notes 
An application for the admission to trading of the Maltese fixed rate registered notes (issued in 
dematerialised form) may be made to Official List of the Malta Stock Exchange and/or the Vienna 
MTF market of the Vienna Stock Exchange and any other market(s) as defined in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Luxembourg fixed rate registered notes will not be listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange. An application for the admission to trading of the Luxembourg fixed rate registered 
notes may be made to the Vienna MTF market of the Vienna Stock Exchange. 
Bearer Notes 
Application may be made to (i) any regulated market of the following stock exchanges: Vienna Stock 
Exchange / Malta Stock Exchange / European Wholesale Securities Market / Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or (ii) to an organised trading facility (OTF) (each within the meaning of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments). 
Application may also be made for the inclusion to trading on the Vienna MTF market of the Vienna 
Stock Exchange and/or any other Open Market (Freiverkehr) within the EU/EEA. The afore-
mentioned markets do not classify as 'regulated' within the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments, however, are nonetheless subject to regulation emanating from said 
Directive. 
III. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
Notes issued in bearer form may be accepted for clearance through the following clearing systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels), Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(42, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg), Clearstream Banking AG (The Cube, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, D-65760 Eschborn) and/or OeKB CSD GmbH (Strauchgasse 1-3, A-1010 
Wien) and/or SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4601 Olten, Switzerland and/or Euronext Securities 
Milan (Monte Titoli S.P.A.), Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milano, Italian Republic. 
Notes issued in registered form in dematerialised form may be accepted for clearance through the 
following clearing systems: Central Securities Depository of the Malta Stock Exchange (Garrison 
Chapel, Castille Place, Valletta, VLT 1063, Malta). 
The International Security Identification Number (ISIN) or other securities identification numbers (if 
any) for each issue of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
IV. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
During the life span of this Base Prospectus physical copies of the following documents may be 
inspected during usual business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and on the website of the 
Issuer (www.timberland-securities-investment.com or any successor or replacement address thereto): 
(a) 
the Memorandum of Association of Timberland Securities Investment plc. dated 
19 April 2016 (as amended from time to time);

--- Page 168 ---
168 
(c) 
audited Report and Financial Statements of Timberland Securities Investment plc for the 
period from 01 January 2020 to 31 December 2020; and 
(d) 
audited Report and Financial Statements of Timberland Securities Investment plc for the 
period from 01 January 2021 to 31 December 2021; and 
(e) 
any future financial statements of the Issuer.  
V. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are all 
statements that do not relate to historical or current facts and events. This also applies to statements in 
the "Risk Factors" and "Business Review and Prospects" sections and wherever the Base Prospectus 
contains information about the Issuer's future financial performance, plans and expectations regarding 
the Issuer's business, growth and profitability and the economic environment to which the Issuer is 
exposed. The forward-looking statements are based on the current assessment made by the Issuer to 
the best of its knowledge. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and factors and 
are therefore subject to risks and uncertainties. Therefore, it is important to read in particular the 
sections "Risk Factors", "Business Review" and "Business Review and Prospects" which contain a 
detailed description of factors that may affect the business development of the Issuer and the industry 
in which the Issuer operates. 
The forward-looking statements are based on the Issuer's current plans, estimates, forecasts and 
expectations and on certain assumptions which, although the Issuer believes that they are reasonable 
at this time, may subsequently prove to be incorrect. Many factors may cause the actual performance 
or earnings or performance of the Issuer to be materially different from any future performance or 
performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
These factors include, among others: 
- changes in general economic, business or legal conditions, 
- political or regulatory changes, 
- changes in the Issuer's competitive environment, 
- other factors discussed in more detail in the section "Risk Factors", and 
- factors that are not known to the Issuer at the present time.  
If, as a result of these factors, risks or uncertainties arise in individual or several cases, or if 
assumptions made by the Issuer prove to be incorrect, it cannot be excluded that actual results may 
differ materially from those described in this Base Prospectus as assumed, believed, estimated or 
expected. For this reason, the Issuer may be prevented from achieving its financial and strategic 
objectives. 
The Issuer does not intend to go beyond its legal obligation to update such forward-looking statements 
or to conform them to future events or developments. 
Pursuant to applicable laws, the Issuer is obliged to prepare and publish a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus if important new circumstances arise or material inaccuracies in the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus become known which could influence the assessment of the Issuer's shares and 
which occur or are determined after the approval of this Base Prospectus and before the final closing 
of the public offering.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
VI. 
REFERENCE TO SOURCES OF MARKET INFORMATION AND TECHNICAL TERMS 
The Issuer has not verified information contained in this Base Prospectus from third-party documents 
and studies inter alia on the market environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends 
and the competitive situation. The Issuer has accurately reproduced this information from third parties 
and, as far as the Issuer's is aware and is able to ascertain published information, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Furthermore, information on the market environment, market developments, growth rates, market 
trends and the competitive situation in the areas in which the Issuer is active is based on estimates 
made by the Issuer. 
Information derived therefrom which has not been obtained from independent sources may therefore 
differ from the estimates of the Issuer's competitors or from future surveys by independent sources. 
VII. NOTE ON FINANCIAL AND NUMERICAL DATA 
The financial data contained in this Base Prospectus (including such incorporated by reference), which 
are the subject of the Issuer's financial statements, are primarily derived from the Issuer's annual 
financial statements as of December 31, 2020. 
This Base Prospectus contains currency information in Euro. Currency information in euros was 
indicated with "EUR", and currency information in thousand euros was indicated with "TEUR" before 
the amount and abbreviated. Individual figures (including percentages) in this Base Prospectus have 
been rounded according to commercial practice. In tables, such commercially rounded figures may not 
add up exactly to the totals contained in the table.  
VIII. POST-ISSUANCE TRANSACTION INFORMATION 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance transaction information in relation to the issue 
of the Notes, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
IX. 
ISSUER'S WEBSITE 
The website of the Issuer is "www.timberland-securities-investment.com". The information on such 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
X. 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SUCCESSOR BASE PROSPECTUSES 
This Base Prospectus will be effective for 12 months from its approval. If this Base Prospectus is 
updated at a later time pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus 
will from the date of publication of the relevant supplement be deemed to apply as amended. The 
supplements will become parts of this Base Prospectus. The supplements will be published and made 
available in the same manner as this Base Prospectus. 
When the Base Prospectus ceases to be effective, the offer may be continued in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms and on the basis of a Successor Base Prospectus. Publication of a Successor 
Prospectus shall be made in accordance with the details set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of a public offering of Notes under this base prospectus (at the same time the Original Base 
Prospectus) the relevant Final Terms may provide for a succession of the public offering of the Notes 
after the validity of this Base Prospectus, if a successor prospectus is published.  
IN THE EVENT OF A PUBLIC OFFERING BEING CONTINUED UNDER A SUCCESSOR BASE 
PROSPECTUS, THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS, INCLUDING THE RELEVANT SUMMARY,

--- Page 170 ---
170 
IF ANY, SHALL BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SUCCESSOR BASE PROSPECTUS, 
WHICH MEANS THAT, IN SUCH CASE, EACH REFERENCE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
MADE IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS SHALL BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE A 
REFERENCE TO THE RELEVANT SUCCESSOR BASE PROSPECTUS, WITH THE 
EXCEPTION OF THE SECURITY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RELEVANT 
ISSUE WHICH WILL CONTINUE TO BE GOVERNED BY THE ORIGINAL BASE 
PROSPECTUS. SUCCESSOR BASE PROSPECTUS MEANS THE MOST CURRENT 
APPLICABLE BASE PROSPECTUS, SPECIFYING THE NOTES TO BE INCLUDED IN THE 
CONTINUED PUBLIC OFFERING AND INCORPORATING BY REFERENCE THOSE PARTS 
OF THE ORIGINAL BASE PROSPECTUS WHICH ARE REQUIRED FOR THE RELEVANT 
ISSUE OF NOTES. 
Signed on behalf of Timberland Securities Investment plc: 
By: Mr Thomas Kraemer 
Duly authorised