--- Page 1 ---
TOTALENERGIES SE 
(incorporated as a European company (Societas Europaea or SE) in the Republic of France) 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL 
(incorporated as a société anonyme in the Republic of France) 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL 
(incorporated as a société anonyme in the Republic of France) 
€40,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Due from seven days from the date of original issue 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (the “Programme”), TotalEnergies SE (“TotalEnergies SE” or the “Issuer” or, in 
respect of Senior Notes (as defined below) issued by TotalEnergies Capital, or TotalEnergies Capital International, the “Guarantor”), TotalEnergies Capital (“TotalEnergies Capital” or 
the “Issuer”) and TotalEnergies Capital International (“TotalEnergies Capital International” or the “Issuer” and, together with TotalEnergies and TotalEnergies Capital, the “Issuers”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The Notes may be issued as senior notes (the 
“Senior Notes”) by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by TotalEnergies SE (the “Guarantee”) or may be 
issued as undated deeply subordinated notes (the “Deeply Subordinated Notes”) or Senior Notes by TotalEnergies SE. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any 
time exceed €40,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (the “Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus”) constitutes four base prospectuses for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as may be amended from time to time (the “Prospectus Regulation”), which shall be in force for a period of one year as of the date set out hereunder. The obligation to supplement the 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is no 
longer valid. This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the French Code monétaire et financier, and received the AMF approval no. 24-396 on 10 September 2024. The AMF has only approved this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuers nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus to (i) Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (ii) to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State and /or (iii) any other stock exchange as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (a “Regulated Market”). 
However, Notes listed on other stock exchanges (whether on a Regulated Market or not) or not listed and admitted to trading may be issued under the Programme. The relevant final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the 
relevant stock exchange. 
Each Series (as defined below) of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer 
form (each a “Permanent Global Note” and together with the Temporary Global Note, the “Global Notes”). Global Notes may (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) of Notes 
intended to be cleared through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”), (x) if the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to 
be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream or (y) in the case of Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear, 
Clearstream and Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”) or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined 
below). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
While in Global Form”. 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the documents incorporated herein by reference and any supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus prepared from 
time to time will be available on the website of TotalEnergies (www.totalenergies.com). This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and any supplement to this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus prepared from time to time will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org/fr). 
As of the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the Programme has been rated (i) “A+” for long-term senior debt, “A-1” for short-term senior debt and “A-/BBB+” 
for Deeply Subordinated Notes by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and (ii) “A1” for long-term senior debt, “Prime-1” for short-term senior debt and “A3” for 
Deeply Subordinated Notes by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”). As of the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, TotalEnergies SE’s long-term and short-
term senior debt has been respectively rated (i) “A+” with stable outlook and “A-1” by S&P and (ii) “A1” with positive outlook and “Prime-1” by Moody’s. Neither TotalEnergies 
Capital nor TotalEnergies Capital International is individually rated by the aforementioned rating agencies. As of the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, Moody’s 
and S&P are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned 
to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Programme. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) based on prevailing market conditions 
at the time of the issue of such Notes and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus before deciding to invest 
in the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
 
Dealers 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC 
Bank of China 
Barclays 
BBVA 
BofA Securities 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho 
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
Natixis 
RBC Capital Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Scotiabank 
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
  
UniCredit 
 
Wells Fargo Securities 
 
Dated: 10 September 2024

--- Page 2 ---
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto (each a “Supplement” and 
together the “Supplements”)) comprises four base prospectuses for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and (i) constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of giving information with regard to TotalEnergies 
SE and its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries (“TotalEnergies”), the Guarantee and the Notes; (ii) 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of giving information with regard to TotalEnergies Capital and the 
Notes; and (iii) constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of giving information with regard to TotalEnergies 
Capital International and the Notes, which, according to the particular nature and circumstances of the Issuers and 
the Notes, is material to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuers.  
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member 
State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation, as implemented in that Relevant State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of Notes which are 
the subject of an offering contemplated in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as completed by final terms 
in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the relevant 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the 
relevant Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for any such offer. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any parent 
company or affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed 
to be made by the Dealers or such parent company or affiliate on behalf of the relevant Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and, in relation to any Series (as defined 
below), must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. This Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus shall, save as specified herein, be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so 
incorporated and form part of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by TotalEnergies SE, 
TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined 
below). Neither the delivery of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital or 
TotalEnergies Capital International since the date hereof or the date upon which this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Any prospective investor purchasing the Notes under the Programme is solely responsible for ensuring that any 
subsequent offer or resale of the Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  
In this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the terms “Noteholder” and “holder” shall be construed to refer to 
investors that hold, as applicable, Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons (as applicable). 
The Notes are complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for certain investors. Each 
potential investor in the Notes should determine the suitability of such investment in light of its own 
circumstances, have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, have access 
to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, 
an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio, and have

--- Page 3 ---
3 
sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Notes, including the possibility 
that the entire amount invested in the Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes 
unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Notes, and the impact of this 
investment on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Prospective investors should consult their own 
financial, legal and other advisers about risks associated with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the 
suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Neither the relevant Issuer, the Dealer(s), Agents nor any of their respective 
affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor 
of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates 
(if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that payments of interest on the Notes, or profits 
realised upon the sale or repayment of Notes, may be subject to taxation in their home jurisdiction or in other 
jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes, including the relevant Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation, which 
may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. In addition, in some jurisdictions, no official 
statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments. Potential investors 
are therefore advised to seek advice from their own tax advisers as to their individual taxation situation with 
respect to an investment in the Notes. 
The distribution of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
comes are required by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restriction.  
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended, or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States 
and the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder). For a description of certain restrictions 
on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, see “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
Retail investors are only eligible to subscribe for Notes if they possess sufficient knowledge and experience to be 
considered sophisticated investors and have sufficient financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon 
and risk tolerance. 
IMPORTANT – PRIIPS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK PRIIPS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
– The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended (the “EUWA”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU)

--- Page 4 ---
4 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared 
and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled 
“MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines on MiFID II product governance 
requirements published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) dated 3 August 2023 and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuers or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN CANADA - This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus constitutes an “exempt 
offering document” as defined in and for the purposes of applicable Canadian securities laws. No prospectus has 
been filed with any securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. No securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any 
way passed upon this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any Final Terms or on the merits of the Notes and 
any representation to the contrary is an offence. 
Canadian investors are advised that this document has been prepared in reliance on section 3A.3 of National 
Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”). Pursuant to section 3A.3 of NI 33-105, this document 
is exempt from the requirement that the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers provide Canadian investors with 
certain conflicts of interest disclosure pertaining to “connected issuer” and/or “related issuer” relationships as 
would otherwise be required pursuant to subsection 2.1(1) of NI 33-105. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide Canadian investors with remedies 
for rescission or damages if an “offering memorandum” such as this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
(including any amendment thereto) and any Final Terms contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies 
for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. Canadian investors should refer to any applicable provisions 
of the securities legislation of their province or territory for the particulars of these rights or consult with a legal 
advisor. 
The Notes may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of

--- Page 5 ---
5 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations and that are not created or used solely to purchase 
or hold securities as an accredited investor described in paragraph (m) of the definition of “accredited investor”.  
The offer and sale of the Notes in Canada is being made on a private placement basis only and is exempt from the 
requirement that the Issuer prepares and files a prospectus under applicable Canadian securities laws. Any resale 
of the Notes acquired by a Canadian investor in an offering must be made in accordance with applicable Canadian 
securities laws, which may vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made 
in accordance with Canadian prospectus requirements, a statutory exemption from the prospectus requirements, 
in a transaction exempt from the prospectus requirements or otherwise under a discretionary exemption from the 
prospectus requirements granted by the applicable local Canadian securities regulatory authority. These resale 
restrictions may under certain circumstances apply to resales of the Notes outside of Canada. Canadian investors 
should consult with a legal advisor prior to any resale of the Notes. 
Upon receipt of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, each Canadian investor hereby confirms that it has 
expressly requested that all documents evidencing or relating in any way to the sale of the Notes described herein 
(including for greater certainty any purchase confirmation or any notice) be drawn up in the English language 
only. Par la réception de ce document, chaque investisseur canadien confirme par les présentes qu’il a 
expressément exigé que tous les documents faisant foi ou se rapportant de quelque manière que ce soit à la vente 
des valeurs mobilières décrites aux présentes (incluant, pour plus de certitude, toute confirmation d’achat ou tout 
avis) soient rédigés en anglais seulement. 
The Arranger and Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express 
or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the 
Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or for any other 
statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims 
all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM - This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is only 
being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment 
professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) 
Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be 
communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as 
“relevant persons”). Any Notes will only be available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, 
purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not 
a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. This Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the Notes in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant 
to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) from a requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purpose of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, such stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of 
the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no

--- Page 6 ---
6 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
In this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, 
references to “£”, “Sterling”, “Pound Sterling” or “GBP” are to the currency of the United Kingdom, to “CHF” 
are to the currency of Switzerland, to “$”, “U.S.$”, “U.S. dollars”, “dollars” or “Dollars” are to the currency of 
the United States of America, to “€”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member 
states of the European Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, to “CNY”, “RMB” and “Renminbi” are 
to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) and to “¥”, “JPY” or “yen” are to the lawful 
currency of Japan and references to “Dealers” shall mean any of the Dealers appointed from time to time under 
the Programme pursuant to the Dealership Agreement (as defined in “Subscription and Sale” of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus). 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”), the Issuers have determined, and hereby notify all relevant 
persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
(the "SF (CMP) Regulations") that, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes issued under 
the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus shall be prescribed capital markets products as defined in SF (CMP) 
Regulations and “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ..................................................................................................................................................... 2 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................................ 21 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................................... 39 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................................................... 40 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................... 54 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ................................................................................................ 55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEEPLY SUBORDINATED NOTES ............................................................... 93 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ....................................... 121 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................................... 126 
DESCRIPTION OF TOTALENERGIES .......................................................................................................................... 127 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL ......................................................................................................................................... 129 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL ........................................................................................................ 131 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .......................................................................................................................................... 133 
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................................................... 175 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................................................... 176 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR NOTES ........................................................................................................ 182 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR DEEPLY SUBORDINATED NOTES ....................................................................... 197 
THE GUARANTEE ......................................................................................................................................................... 211 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................................... 213 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
PROSPECTUS ....................................................................................................................................................... 220

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the “Commission Delegated Regulation”) dated 14 March 
2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, and does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
Issuers: 
 
TotalEnergies SE 
TotalEnergies Capital (only for Senior Notes) 
TotalEnergies Capital International (only for Senior Notes) 
 
Guarantor: 
 
TotalEnergies SE (only for Senior Notes) 
Issuers’ Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
 
TotalEnergies SE: 529900S21EQ1BO4ESM68 
TotalEnergies Capital: 529900QI55ZLJVCMPA71 
TotalEnergies Capital International: 549300U37G2I8G4RUG09 
 
Description of the 
Programme: 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
General description of  
TotalEnergies: 
 
TotalEnergies is a global integrated energy company that produces and 
markets energies: oil and biofuels, natural gas and green gases, 
renewables and electricity. TotalEnergies’ more than 100,000 
employees are committed to provide as many people as possible with 
energy that is more reliable, more affordable and more sustainable. 
Active in about 120 countries, TotalEnergies places sustainability at the 
heart of its strategy, its projects and its operations. 
Arranger: 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: 
 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mizuho International plc 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH  
RBC Europe Limited 
Scotiabank (Ireland) Designated Activity Company 
SMBC Bank EU AG

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Société Générale 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A.  
 
Pursuant to the terms of the Dealership Agreement (as defined in 
“Subscription and Sale”) the appointment of any Dealer may be 
terminated or further Dealers appointed for a particular Tranche of Notes 
or as Dealers under the Programme. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Calculation Agent 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Limit: 
 
€40,000,000,000 
Certain Restrictions: 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time.  
Risk Factors: 
 
There are certain factors that may affect the relevant Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. There are 
also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Guarantee. In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. See “Risk Factors”. 
Method of Issue: 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued by TotalEnergies SE, 
TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International as senior 
notes (the “Senior Notes”) or by TotalEnergies SE as undated deeply 
subordinated 
notes 
(which 
constitute 
obligations) 
(“Deeply 
Subordinated Notes” and together with the Senior Notes, the “Notes”).  
Final Terms: 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued pursuant to this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus and associated final terms for the 
Senior Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes, as applicable (the 
“Final Terms”) prepared in connection with a particular Tranche of 
Notes and incorporating by reference this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final 
Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete the Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, and this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of the Final Terms 
are the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes or the Terms and 
Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Type and class of the Notes: 
 
Notes issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described 
in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, will be issued in series 
(each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific

--- Page 10 ---
10 
terms of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where necessary, 
with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series) will be set out in the Final Terms to this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
The relevant security identification numbers (ISIN and Common Code) 
in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Each Series of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global 
note in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (each a “Permanent Global Note”). 
Distribution: 
 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Maturities: 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
each Series of Senior Notes may have a maturity equal to or greater than 
seven (7) calendar days. Deeply Subordinated Notes will be undated 
securities with no specified maturity. 
Currencies: 
 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to 
compliance as aforesaid, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or 
currencies other than the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Denomination(s): 
 
Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination”) save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in a member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue 
and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the relevant Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by the relevant Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the 
relevant Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s). 
The Notes will initially be issued in global form (Global Notes), but 
Notes may be exchanged for Notes in definitive form (Definitive Notes) 
on or after the first day following the expiry of 40 days after the relevant

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Issue Date, provided that, in the case of any Notes submitted for 
exchange for interests in the records of the clearing systems, there shall 
have been a certification delivered to the Fiscal Agent as to non-U.S. 
citizenship and residency of the relevant Noteholder as set forth on 
Schedules 5 and 6 of the Agency Agreement. 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
 
Senior Notes will constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the relevant Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and subject to the status of the 
guarantee described below, shall rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations 
of such Issuer, present or future. 
Status of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes: 
 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes will constitute unsecured and deeply 
subordinated obligations pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 
of the French Code de commerce and shall at all times rank pari passu 
and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably 
with all other present or future Parity Securities, but subordinated to the 
prêts participatifs, if any, granted to the Issuer and titres participatifs, if 
any, issued by the Issuer, and Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and 
Unsubordinated Obligations of the Issuer. The Deeply Subordinated 
Notes will rank in priority to any Junior Securities. 
Nature and scope of the 
Guarantee (for Senior Notes 
only): 
 
The payment of all amounts due in relation to Senior Notes (the 
“Guarantee”) issued by TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies 
Capital International are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by 
TotalEnergies SE (the “Guarantor”) pursuant to a Deed of Covenant 
dated on or about 10 September 2024 governed by English law.  
Status of the Guarantee (for 
Senior Notes only): 
 
The payment obligations under the Guarantee constitute direct, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and shall, save 
for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation relating 
to creditors’ rights in the event of insolvency, at all times rank at least 
pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Guarantor, present and future.  
Negative Pledge: 
 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Event of Default (for Senior 
Notes only): 
 
Notes may become immediately due and repayable by notice by a holder 
upon occurrence of certain events of default such as the non-payment of 
amounts due under the Notes on their due date, breach of any obligation 
relating to the Notes or insolvency (or other similar proceeding) of the 
relevant Issuer. 
Cross Default (for Senior 
Notes only): 
 
There is no cross default in respect of the Senior Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
Enforcement Events, no 
Events of Default and no 
Cross Default (for Deeply 
Subordinated Notes only): 
 
There will be no events of default and no cross default in respect of the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme. 
However, each Deeply Subordinated Note shall become immediately 
due and payable at its principal amount, together with accrued interest 
thereon, if any, to the date of payment and any Arrears of Interest 
(including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon), in the event that a 
judgment is rendered by any competent court for the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the 
whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) 
subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure 
(redressement judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason. In the event 
of liquidation of the Issuer, no payments will be made to holders of any 
Junior Securities of the Issuer before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all 
Noteholders and the Couponholders have been paid by the Issuer. 
Redemption of Senior Notes: 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify which terms apply for the 
purposes of determining the redemption amounts payable. 
(a) 
Optional 
redemption: 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Senior Notes will state 
whether such Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders which may be pursuant to the Make-whole 
Redemption call option, the Clean-up Call Option, Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons, Residual Maturity Call Option, or Redemption 
following an Acquisition Event (see below), and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption. 
(b) 
Make-whole 
Redemption at the 
option of the 
relevant Issuer: 
 
If a Make-whole Redemption call option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Senior Notes, the 
relevant Issuer may, having given the appropriate notice, redeem the 
Senior Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding (either in whole or 
in part) at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant make-
whole redemption amount, together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons 
 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the 
Issue Date, the Issuer or, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies 
Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, the Guarantor would on 
the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to pay 
additional amounts, the relevant Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
subject to giving not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, any interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(d) 
Residual Maturity 
Call Option: 
 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, at any time or from time 
to time, as from the Call Option Date (as specified in the Final Terms) 
which shall be no earlier than 180 days (or such other number of days as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms) before the Maturity Date, until the 
Maturity Date, redeem the Senior Notes of the relevant Series then 
outstanding (either in whole or in part), at par (or at premium, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) together with interest accrued 
to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Issuer Clean-up 
Call Option: 
 
If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage than that specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call Percentage”) of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of all Tranches of Senior Notes of the same 
Series have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the relevant 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the relevant 
Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Senior Notes of the relevant Series 
then outstanding (in whole but not in part), at the relevant Clean-up Call 
Price together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set 
for redemption, provided that those Senior Notes of such Series that are 
no longer outstanding have not been redeemed (and subsequently

--- Page 13 ---
13 
cancelled) by the relevant Issuer at the option of the relevant Issuer.  
(f) 
Redemption 
following an 
Acquisition Event: 
 
If Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the 
relevant Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders within the Acquisition Notice 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), at its option, redeem 
the Senior Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding (either in whole 
or in part) at the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Early Redemption: 
 
Except as provided in “—Make-whole Redemption by the relevant 
Issuer”, “—Residual Maturity Call Option”, “—Clean-Up Call 
Option”, “—Redemption following an Acquisition Event” and “—
Optional Redemption” above, Senior Notes may, at the option of the 
relevant Issuer, and in certain circumstances shall, be redeemable prior 
to maturity for tax reasons only. 
Redemption of Deeply 
Subordinated Notes: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify which terms apply for the 
purposes of determining the redemption amounts payable. 
(a) 
Final Redemption: 
 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes will be undated securities with no 
specified maturity date. 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer: 
 
If an Optional Redemption at the option of the Issuer is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Deeply 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer will, having given the appropriate notice, 
have the right to redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes of the relevant 
Series then outstanding (all, or if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, some only) at any time from and including the Initial 
Redemption Date to and including the First Reset Date or upon any 
Interest Payment Date at their principal amount together with any 
accrued interest and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional 
Interest Amounts thereon) to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(c) 
Make-whole 
Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer: 
 
If a Make-whole Redemption call option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Deeply Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer may, having given the appropriate notice, redeem the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding (all, 
or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, some only) at the times 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at their relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and Arrears of 
Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons: 
 
If Redemption for Taxation Reasons is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and a Gross-Up Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
at any time, having given the appropriate notice, redeem the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding (all, but not 
some only) at the relevant Early Redemption Price together with interest 
accrued and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest 
Amounts thereon) to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice thereunder 
may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable Interest 
Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and 
interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
If Redemption for Taxation Reasons is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and a Withholding Tax Event has occurred, the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such event to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer may, at its option, having given the appropriate notice, redeem 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding 
(all, but not some only) at the relevant Early Redemption Price together 
with interest accrued and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional 
Interest Amounts thereon) to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption on the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount payable without withholding or deduction 
for French taxes, or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
If Redemption for Taxation Reasons is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and a Tax Deduction Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may, at its option, at any time, having given the appropriate notice, 
redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes of the relevant Series then 
outstanding (all, but not some only) at the relevant Early Redemption 
Price together with interest accrued and Arrears of Interest (including 
any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption, provided that the effective date of redemption of 
which notice thereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date preceding the effective date on which the tax regime of 
interest payments under the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes is 
modified.  
(e) 
Redemption 
following an 
Accounting Event: 
 
If Redemption following an Accounting Event is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms and an Accounting Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may at its option, having given the appropriate notice, redeem the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding (all, 
but not some only) at the relevant Early Redemption Price together with 
interest accrued and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional 
Interest Amounts thereon) to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption 
following an Equity 
Credit Rating 
Event: 
 
If Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating Event is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an Equity Credit Rating Event 
has occurred, the Issuer may at its option, having given the appropriate 
notice, redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes of the relevant Series 
then outstanding (all, but not some only) at any time, at the relevant 
Early Redemption Price together with interest accrued and Arrears of 
Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption 
following an 
Acquisition Event: 
 
If Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders within the Acquisition Notice Period (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), at 
its option, redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes of the relevant Series 
then outstanding (all, or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, some 
only) at the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), together with interest accrued and Arrears of 
Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(h) 
Issuer Clean-up 
Call Option: 
 
If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage than that specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call Percentage”) of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of all Tranches of Deeply Subordinated 
Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased by, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding (all, but not some only), at

--- Page 15 ---
15 
the relevant Clean-up Call Price together with any interest accrued and 
Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) 
to, but excluding, the date set for redemption, provided that those Deeply 
Subordinated Notes of such Series that are no longer outstanding have 
not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer at the 
option of the Issuer. 
Substitution and Variation 
(for Deeply Subordinated 
Notes only): 
 
If at any time after the Issue Date the Issuer determines that a Tax 
Deduction Event, a Gross-Up Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an 
Accounting Event or an Equity Credit Rating Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may, as an alternative to an early redemption of the relevant 
Deeply Subordinated Notes, at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders, (a) exchange the relevant Deeply 
Subordinated Notes for new notes (the “Exchanged Notes”), or (b) vary 
the terms of the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes (the “Varied 
Notes”), so that in either case (i) in the case of an Accounting Event, the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Exchanged Notes or Varied Notes (as 
the case may be) is recorded as “equity” to the maximum extent possible 
in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer pursuant to the 
application of IFRS, (ii) in the case of a Gross-Up Event, payments of 
principal and interest in respect of the Exchanged Notes or Varied Notes 
(as the case may be) are not subject to deduction or withholding by 
reason of French law or published regulations, (iii) in the case of a 
Withholding Tax Event, payments of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Exchanged Notes or Varied Notes (as the case 
may be) are not prevented by French law, (iv) in the case of a Tax 
Deduction Event, payments of interest payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Exchanged Notes or Varied Notes (as the case may be) are 
deductible to the extent permitted by the French law or (v) in the case of 
an Equity Credit Rating Event, to avoid any of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Exchanged Notes or Varied Notes (as the case may be) 
which benefitted from equity credit by the relevant Rating Agency prior 
to the occurrence of the Equity Credit Rating Event being assigned a 
level of equity credit (or such other nomenclature that the relevant 
Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an 
instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) is lower than 
the equity credit assigned on the relevant Issue Date (or if equity credit 
is not assigned on the relevant Issue Date, at the date when the equity 
credit is assigned for the first time). The relevant Final Terms may 
specify additional circumstances in which such Exchange Notes or 
Varied Notes may be issued.  
Any such exchange or variation shall be subject to the conditions set out 
in Condition 5.9 (Substitution and Variation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Taxation: 
 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of 
the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal of, or interest 
on, the Notes, Receipts or Coupons or payments under the Guarantee be 
subject to deduction or withholding with respect to any present or future 
taxes or duties whatsoever, the relevant Issuer or, failing whom, in 
respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies 
Capital International, the Guarantor will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt

--- Page 16 ---
16 
by the Noteholders, or, if applicable the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment, as the case may be: 
(i) 
by a holder (or a third party on behalf of a holder) who is 
subject to such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt 
or Coupon by reason of such holder having some connection 
with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of 
such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date, except to 
the extent that such holder would have been entitled to such 
additional amount on presenting such Note, Receipt or Coupon 
for payment on the last day of such period of 30 calendar days. 
Interest on the Notes: 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify which terms apply for the payment 
of interest (if any) on the Notes. 
(a) 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or 
be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series), or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
by reference to such reference rate as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms including EURIBOR, EUR CMS, SOFR, 
SOFR Compounded Index, SONIA or SONIA Compounded 
Index, 
in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
Interest periods for Floating Rate Notes will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(d) 
Resettable Notes 
(for Deeply 
Subordinated Notes 
only): 
 
In respect of Deeply Subordinated Notes, only resettable Notes for 
which the interest rate shall be a fixed interest rate resettable at different 
reset dates will be issued by the Issuer. 
(e) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
 
For Floating Rate Notes or Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs then the relevant Issuer may appoint an 
Independent Adviser in accordance with Condition 4(c) of the Terms

--- Page 17 ---
17 
and Conditions of the Senior Notes in the case of Senior Notes and 
Condition 5.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes in the case of Deeply Subordinated Notes, to advise the relevant 
Issuer in determining a Replacement Reference Rate and any applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
(f) 
Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes: 
 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes will bear interest (i) at a fixed rate as for 
Fixed Rate Notes for a specified period and thereafter at a floating rate 
as for Floating Rate Notes or (ii) at a floating rate as for Floating Rate 
Notes for a specified period and thereafter at a fixed rate as for Fixed 
Rate Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(for Senior Notes 
only): 
 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Deferral (for Deeply 
Subordinated Notes only): 
 
Optional Interest Payment 
Interest which accrues during an Interest Period on the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes of any Series ending on but excluding an Interest 
Payment Date will be due on that Interest Payment Date (except in 
relation to a payment of interest to be made on an Interest Payment Date 
falling on the date of redemption of the relevant Deeply Subordinated 
Notes) unless the Issuer elects, at any time at its sole discretion, to defer 
such payment, in whole or in part, on the relevant Deeply Subordinated 
Notes, and the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such 
payment and any failure to so pay shall not constitute a default by the 
Issuer under the Deeply Subordinated Notes or for any other purpose. 
Any interest in respect of Deeply Subordinated Notes of any Series 
which has been deferred on an Interest Payment Date shall constitute 
“Arrears of Interest” and shall be payable as described below. 
Payment of Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount (as 
defined below)) in respect of the Deeply Subordinated Notes may at the 
option of the Issuer be paid, in whole or in part, at any time, provided 
that all Arrears of Interest (together with the corresponding Additional 
Interest Amounts) in respect of all Deeply Subordinated Notes of any 
Series for the time being outstanding shall become due and payable in 
whole, but not in part, on whichever is the earliest of: 
(i) 
the tenth (10th) Business Days following the occurrence of a 
Mandatory Payment Event; 
(ii) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which 
the Issuer does not elect to defer all or part of the interest 
accrued in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
(iii) 
the date on which the Deeply Subordinated Notes are 
redeemed; or 
(iv) 
the date upon which a judgment is made for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event 
of a transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de 
l’entreprise) of the Issuer subsequent to the opening of a 
judicial recovery (redressement judiciaire) or in the event of 
the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason (and in all cases listed above 
other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger 
or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency and

--- Page 18 ---
18 
where the resulting entity assumes the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Deeply Subordinated Notes). 
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest as if it constituted 
the principal of the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes at a rate which 
corresponds to the rate of interest from time to time applicable to the 
relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes (the “Arrears Interest Rate”) and 
the amount of such interest (the “Additional Interest Amount”) with 
respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and payable and shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent applying the Arrears Interest Rate 
to the amount of the Arrears of Interest and otherwise mutatis mutandis 
as provided in the Conditions. 
The Additional Interest Amount accrued up to any Interest Payment 
Date shall be added in accordance with and to the extent permitted by 
applicable law to the amount of Arrears of Interest remaining unpaid on 
such Interest Payment Date so that it will itself become Arrears of 
Interest, for the purpose only of calculating the Additional Interest 
Amount accruing thereafter. 
Optional Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest 
Amounts:  
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest 
Amounts are paid in part: 
(i) 
all unpaid amounts of Arrears of Interest shall be payable 
before any Additional Interest Amounts; 
(ii) 
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable 
until full payment has been made of all Arrears of Interest that 
have accrued during any earlier period and the order of 
payment of Additional Interest Amounts shall follow that of the 
Arrears of Interest to which they relate; and 
(iii) 
the amount of Arrears of Interest or Additional Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of any of the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes in respect of any period, shall be pro rata to the total 
amount of all unpaid Arrears of Interest or, as the case may be, 
Additional Interest Amounts accrued on the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes in respect of that period to the date of 
payment. 
Purchase: 
 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor or 
the relevant Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise (including by way of tender or exchange offer) at any price 
subject to applicable laws and regulations.  
All Notes so purchased by, or for the account of the relevant Issuer, may, 
at its sole discretion be held and resold or be cancelled, in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations.  
Governing Law: 
 
The Notes, and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if 
any), will be governed by English law. In addition, the Agency 
Agreement will be governed by English law.  
The provisions of Condition 2 (Status and Subordination of the Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes relating 
to the status and subordination will be governed by, and construed in

--- Page 19 ---
19 
accordance with, French law. 
However, in the event of insolvency of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, the ranking of the claim against the bankruptcy estate 
represented by the Notes and the Guarantee will be determined by the 
law of the centre of main interests of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as applicable). 
Waiver of set-off (for Deeply 
Subordinated Notes only): 
 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead 
any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount 
owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection 
with the Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any 
Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation 
or retention. 
Clearing Systems: 
 
Each Series of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global 
note in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (each a “Permanent Global Note”). Global 
Notes may (a) in the case of a Tranche of Notes intended to be cleared 
through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”), (x) if the Global Notes are stated in the 
applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche 
to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream; or (y) in the case of Global Notes which are not issued in 
NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) be deposited on the 
issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), and (b) in the case of a 
Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or 
in addition to Euroclear, Clearstream and Euroclear France SA 
(“Euroclear France”) or delivered outside a clearing system, be 
deposited as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be listed and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris and/or on any other stock exchange or may not be 
listed. 
Meeting of holders of Notes: 
 
The terms of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of holders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all holders including holders that did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders that voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
Credit ratings relating to 
TotalEnergies SE, the 
Programme and the Notes: 
 
TotalEnergies SE is rated “A+” with stable outlook for long-term senior 
debt and “A-1” for short-term senior debt by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”) and “A1” with positive outlook for long-term 
senior debt and “Prime-1” for short-term senior debt by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”). 
The Programme has been rated “A+” for long-term senior debt, “A-1” 
for short-term senior debt and “BBB+” for Deeply Subordinated Notes 
by S&P and “A1” for long-term senior debt, “Prime-1” for short-term 
senior debt and “A3” for Deeply Subordinated Notes by Moody’s.  
TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International are not 
individually rated by both of the aforementioned rating agencies. As the 
Senior Notes issued by each of TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies 
Capital International are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
TotalEnergies SE, the ratings above with respect to the Programme will 
apply thereto, unless the Final Terms provide otherwise.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Moody’s and S&P are established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation as 
of the date of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or 
the Programme. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. Ratings can come under review at any 
time by rating agencies. 
Investors are invited to refer to the websites of the relevant rating 
agencies in order to have access to the latest ratings (respectively: 
www.standardandpoors.com/ and www.moodys.com/). 
Selling Restrictions: 
 
The Notes are subject to restrictions on their offering, sale and delivery 
both generally and specifically in the United States of America, the 
United Kingdom, France, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, the People’s 
Republic of China, Singapore and the EEA. These restrictions are 
described under “Subscription and Sale” of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions / TEFRA: 
 
Regulation S, Category 2. The Final Terms with respect of any Tranche 
of Senior Notes will specify whether TEFRA Rules are applicable and, 
if applicable, whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D is applicable. TEFRA 
Rules are not applicable to the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Use of proceeds: 
 
The net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be used to finance the 
general corporate purposes of the relevant Issuer. If in respect of any 
particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
If Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the use of proceeds for acquisition consideration, 
directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms will also state the 
potential use for general corporate purposes if the Acquisition Event 
occurs but the relevant Issuer elects not to use the Redemption following 
an Acquisition Event.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme and, as relevant, the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. However, the Issuers have prepared the 
following risk factors grouped by sub-category according to their nature and in each sub-category set forth below 
the Issuers list first the risk that they consider to be the most material as of the date of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus, in their assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact 
and the probability of their occurrence. 
Factors which the Issuers believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuers do not represent that the statements below 
regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
References in this section to “Conditions” in respect of the Senior Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes refer 
to the sections set forth under “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes”. 
Factors that may affect the Issuers’ ability to fulfil their Obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme 
Risk Factors relating to TotalEnergies’ business  
Please refer to pages 130 to 139 of the TotalEnergies 2023 URD which is incorporated by reference in this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus. The aforementioned business risk factors also apply to TotalEnergies Capital 
and TotalEnergies Capital International insofar as each act as a finance company on behalf of TotalEnergies SE 
by issuing debt securities and/or commercial paper and the Notes issued by such Issuers in the Programme are 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by TotalEnergies SE pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee which 
provide that, if for any reason TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International as the relevant Issuer 
does not pay any sum expressed to be payable by it under or in respect of a Note by the time, in the currency and 
on the date specified in the Conditions (whether on the normal due date, on acceleration or otherwise), the 
Guarantor shall pay that sum as if the Guarantor instead of TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital 
International were expressed to be the primary obligor in respect of such Note to the extent that each holder shall 
receive the same sum, in the same currency and at the same time as would have been receivable and applicable 
had such payment been made by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions. 
Therefore, as a result of the foregoing, the risks factors herein stated to be attributable to TotalEnergies SE or 
TotalEnergies are likewise extendable to TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International. 
There are certain business risk factors that may affect the relevant Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These business risk factors are related to the operations, 
industry and the nature of TotalEnergies’ activities in general and accordingly by definition apply to Notes issued 
by TotalEnergies SE and or TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International and guaranteed by 
TotalEnergies SE as the cash flows to service the Notes are almost all generated by TotalEnergies’ business 
activities. 
TotalEnergies and its business are subject to various risks relating to changing competitive, economic, legal, 
political, social, industry, business and financial conditions. Its operations and profit could be affected mainly by: 
• 
Climate challenges: 
− 
Pace of deployment of the energy transition, evaluation of demand; 
− 
Risk of legal actions; 
− 
Financing of oil and gas reserves;

--- Page 22 ---
22 
− 
Operational risks relating to the effects of climate change and of extreme events; 
− 
Reputational risk; and 
− 
Risk of skill management and evolution of the professions; 
• 
Market environment parameters: 
− 
Sensitivity of results to oil and gas prices, refining margins, exchange rates and interest 
rates; 
• 
Risk relating to external threats: 
− 
Cybersecurity risks; and 
− 
Security risks; 
• 
Geopolitics and developments in the world: 
− 
Protectionist measures affecting free trade and economic sanctions regimes; 
− 
Deterioration of operating conditions; and 
− 
Regulatory developments; 
• 
Risks relating to operations: 
− 
HSE: risk of major accident or damage to third parties and the environment; 
− 
Development of major projects; 
− 
Business ethics; 
− 
Integration of strategic acquisitions;  
− 
Supply chain management; and 
− 
Exposure to partnerships; 
• 
Innovation: 
− 
Technological development and digital transformation. 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
(A) 
Risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme 
Senior Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes issued by TotalEnergies SE and Senior Notes issued by 
TotalEnergies Capital, TotalEnergies Capital International and guaranteed by TotalEnergies SE will be subject 
to risks associated with French insolvency law 
Under the Programme, TotalEnergies SE may issue Senior Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes while 
TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International may issue Senior Notes guaranteed by 
TotalEnergies SE. TotalEnergies SE is a société européenne (European company (Societas Europaea or SE)) 
incorporated in France with its registered office in France and each of TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies 
Capital International is organized as a société anonyme (limited company) with its registered office in France. In 
the event that TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International becomes insolvent, 
the relevant proceeding will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of 
TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, as the case may be, is located in 
France. Under French insolvency law, a société européenne and a société anonyme are subject to the same

--- Page 23 ---
23 
insolvency regime. French insolvency law may differ in ways that could be material from the insolvency laws of 
other jurisdictions.  
According to French insolvency law, “affected parties” (i.e., creditors, including the Noteholders, and equity 
holders whose rights, claims or interests are affected under a restructuring plan) deliberating on a restructuring 
plan shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a 
restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed by the judicial administrator in such a way that each class comprises 
claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of economic interest based on objective 
verifiable criteria. As a minimum, creditors, for their secured and unsecured claims, and equity holders shall be 
treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. A restructuring plan shall be deemed 
to be adopted by affected parties, provided that a two-thirds majority of the votes held by the members casting 
a vote is obtained in each and every class. If applicable, the class or classes of equity holders vote under the rules 
governing votes at shareholders/equity holders’ general meetings, except that the decision is taken at the same 
two-thirds majority. Within a class, the vote on the adoption of the plan may be replaced by an agreement which, 
after consultation with its members, has received the approval of two-thirds of the voting rights. If the restructuring 
plan is not approved by each and every class of affected parties, the plan may however be confirmed by the court 
by applying a cross-class cram-down under certain circumstances, provided that certain conditions are satisfied. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor would have a 
significant adverse effect on the market value of the relevant Notes. As any other affected parties, the Noteholders 
will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may 
possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.  
The Notes are subject to modification and waiver of the Terms and Conditions in certain circumstances 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally as provided under Condition 10(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) of the Senior Notes 
and Condition 9(a) (Meeting of Noteholders) of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Further, in the event where a decision to modify the 
Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes would be adopted by a defined majority of Noteholders and such 
modifications would impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market 
value of the relevant Notes.  
In the event of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, modifications could be made to the Terms and Conditions 
of the relevant Floating Rate Notes to implement the changes required by determining an alternative benchmark 
and, if applicable, adjustment spread, without the consent of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 4(c) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 4.6 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may, without 
the consent of Noteholders, agree for the purposes of, as determined by the relevant Issuer and in each case in the 
opinion of the relevant Issuer, curing or correcting any ambiguity in any provision or correcting any defective 
provision, of Notes or making a modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature, changing the terms 
and conditions of the Notes in a manner that is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, correcting a 
manifest error or complying with mandatory provisions of applicable law, in each case in accordance with 
Condition 10(b) (Modifications Without the Consent of the Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes and Condition 9(b) (Modifications Without the Consent of the Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes. Any of the foregoing could have a negative effect on the market value of the 
Notes. 
Partial redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for a partial redemption at the option of the relevant 
Issuer of the outstanding Notes under the particular Tranche (by way of an Optional Redemption (pursuant to 
Condition 5(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5.2 for Deeply Subordinated 
Notes), a Make-whole Redemption (pursuant to Condition 5(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
and Condition 5.3 for Deeply Subordinated Notes), a Residual Maturity Call Option at the option of the relevant 
Issuer (pursuant to Condition 5(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes), or following the occurrence 
of an Acquisition Event (pursuant to Condition 5(g) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 5.8 for Deeply Subordinated Notes) subject to a certain notice period. A partial redemption of the Notes

--- Page 24 ---
24 
of any Series at the option of the relevant Issuer will be made at the price or prices specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, which may, under certain circumstances, be below the then-prevailing market prices of such Notes. 
As a result, the occurrence of partial redemption or the perception that it will occur may have material 
consequences on the market value of such Series of Notes and, depending on the outstanding principal amount of 
such Series of Notes, render the trading market in respect of such remaining outstanding Notes illiquid. In addition, 
such Series of Notes may after such partial redemption trade differently from the other similar instruments which 
do not have such redemption provisions. 
An investment in the Notes is subject to credit risk of TotalEnergies 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on TotalEnergies. TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies 
Capital International are finance vehicles as described under “TotalEnergies Capital—Objects and purposes of 
TotalEnergies Capital” and “TotalEnergies Capital International—Object and purposes of TotalEnergies Capital 
International”. The Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International under the 
Programme are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the 
Guarantee as described under “The Guarantee” which provide that, if for any reason TotalEnergies Capital or 
TotalEnergies Capital International as the relevant Issuer does not pay any sum expressed to be payable by it under 
or in respect of a Note by the time, in the currency and on the date specified in the Conditions (whether on the 
normal due date, on acceleration or otherwise), the Guarantor shall pay that sum as if the Guarantor instead of 
TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International were expressed to be the primary obligor in respect 
of such Note to the extent that each holder shall receive the same sum, in the same currency and at the same time 
as would have been receivable and applicable had such payment been made by the relevant Issuer in accordance 
with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions. For Notes under the Programme directly issued by TotalEnergies 
SE, TotalEnergies SE is the sole obligor. As a result, in either case, if the financial situation of TotalEnergies 
deteriorates, the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor may not be able to fulfil all or part of their respective payment 
obligations under the Notes and/or the Guarantee, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
Additionally, if the credit risk of TotalEnergies becomes impaired, (i) the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
may be unable to fulfil part of its payment obligations under the Notes and (ii) the market value of the Notes may 
decrease. 
Foreign currency bonds expose investors to foreign exchange risk  
Notes under the Programme may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, pound sterling or any other currency provided 
for in the Final Terms. If an investor purchases Notes denominated in a currency other than that of such investor’s 
jurisdiction of residence or place of incorporation, such investor is exposed to the risk of changing foreign 
exchange rates, including possible significant changes in the value of the Specified Currency relative to the 
currency by reference to which such investor measures investment returns, due to, among other things, economic, 
political and other factors over which TotalEnergies has no control. Depreciation of the Specified Currency against 
such currency could cause a decrease in the effective yield of the Notes below their stated coupon rates and could 
have a negative effect when the return on the Notes is translated into such currency. In addition, there may be tax 
consequences for investors as a result of any foreign exchange gains resulting from any investment in the Notes. 
Additionally, if Notes are issued with Renminbi as the Specified Currency, the aforementioned foreign exchange 
risk may be greater due to the historically higher fluctuation of the value of such currency relative to other 
currencies, such as the U.S. dollar. The foregoing risks are in addition to any performance risk that relates to the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the type of Note being issued. 
(B) 
Risks related to the market generally 
The market value of the Notes may decline, the trading market may be volatile and each may be adversely 
impacted by many events 
The Notes under the Programme may be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, unless another trading 
market is indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected by the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and, for Senior Notes, the Guarantor (as applicable), and/or that of 
TotalEnergies by economic and market conditions and, to varying degrees, interest rates, currency exchange rates 
and inflation rates in around the world. As a result, creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or 
TotalEnergies deteriorates, (i) the market value of the Notes may decline which could have a significant effect on 
the value of the Notes, (ii) could cause significant market volatility for the Notes, which could in turn cause 
Noteholders to lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
At any point in time there may or may not be an active trading market for the Notes 
While the relevant Issuer may purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price in accordance with 
Condition 5(j) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5.10 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Deeply Subordinated Notes, it is under no obligation to do so. For Noteholders to monetize their Notes 
prior to stated maturity or redemption (if applicable), there must be an active secondary trading market. At any 
point in time there may or may not be an active trading market for the Notes of a particular Tranche. In addition, 
the Dealers that participate in the distribution of any issuance of Notes may make a market in the Notes as 
permitted by applicable laws and regulations but will have no obligation to do so, and any such market-making 
activities with respect to such Notes may be discontinued at any time without notice. If any of the Notes are traded 
after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount from their initial offering price. Among the factors that 
could cause the Notes to trade at a discount are: an increase in prevailing interest rates; a decline in TotalEnergies’ 
credit worthiness; the time remaining to the maturity; a weakness in the market or investor demand for our 
securities and for similar securities; and declining general economic conditions.  
In addition, the development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
will be affected by the complexity and volatility of the Reference Rate, the interest deferral provisions relating to 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes (as provided in Condition 4.5 (Optional Interest Deferral)), the level, direction 
and volatility of interest rates generally and, the redemption features of the particular Series of Deeply 
Subordinated Notes, and whether or not TotalEnergies exercises its call options and the timing of any such 
exercise (as provided in Condition 5.2 (Redemption and Purchase—Optional Redemption)). 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop, or, if one does develop, may not be maintained. If an 
active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity 
of the Notes may be adversely affected. As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at 
prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. As of the date of this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus, the Programme has been rated “A+” for long term senior debt, “BBB+” for 
Deeply Subordinated Notes and “A-1” for short term senior debt by S&P and “A1” for long term senior debt, 
“A3” for Deeply Subordinated Notes and “Prime-1” for short term senior debt by Moody’s. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the market value of the Notes. Consequently, actual or anticipated changes in 
TotalEnergies’ or the Programme’s credit ratings may affect the market value of the Notes, either positively or 
negatively. However, because the return on the Notes is dependent upon certain factors in addition to the relevant 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations on the Notes, an improvement in TotalEnergies’ credit ratings will not 
reduce the other investment risks related to the Notes.  
(C) 
Risks relating to all Senior Notes issued under the Programme and to the structure of a 
particular issue of Senior Notes 
The following risk factors apply to Senior Notes issued by TotalEnergies SE and similarly to the Senior Notes 
issued by each of TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International that are irrevocably and 
unconditionally guaranteed by TotalEnergies SE under the Guarantee due to the unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee granted by TotalEnergies SE in the Deed of Covenant described under “The Guarantee”, except as 
otherwise noted and as indicated below under “—(B) Risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme—
Senior Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes issued by TotalEnergies SE and Senior Notes issued by TotalEnergies 
Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International and guaranteed by TotalEnergies SE will be subject to risks 
associated with French insolvency law” 
Since TotalEnergies SE is a holding company and currently conducts its operations through subsidiaries, an 
investor’s right to receive payments on the Guarantee is subordinated to the other liabilities of TotalEnergies’ 
subsidiaries (other than the relevant Issuer) 
TotalEnergies SE is organized as a holding company, and substantially all of its operations are carried on through 
subsidiaries. Additionally, TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International are finance subsidiaries 
which rely on intragroup arrangements or recourse to the capital markets to meet their payment obligations. 
TotalEnergies SE’s principal source of income is the dividends and distributions it receives from its subsidiaries.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
TotalEnergies SE’s ability to meet its financial obligations as issuer or as guarantor is dependent upon the 
availability of cash flows from its domestic and foreign subsidiaries and affiliated companies through dividends, 
intercompany advances, management fees and other payments. TotalEnergies SE’s subsidiaries will not guarantee 
the Senior Notes and none of TotalEnergies SE’s subsidiaries will have any obligation under the Senior Notes, 
other than the applicable Issuer (as relevant). Moreover, TotalEnergies SE’s other subsidiaries and affiliated 
companies are not required and may not be able to pay dividends to TotalEnergies SE. Claims of the creditors of 
TotalEnergies SE’s subsidiaries have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over the claims of creditors of 
TotalEnergies SE. Consequently, holders of Senior Notes that are guaranteed by TotalEnergies are in fact 
structurally subordinated, upon TotalEnergies SE’s insolvency, to the prior claims of the creditors of 
TotalEnergies SE’s subsidiaries (other than the relevant Issuer) which would mean that recovery by Noteholders 
through the Guarantee under their investment in the event of an insolvency of TotalEnergies SE could be lower 
than the recovery of creditors who have direct claims at TotalEnergies SE’s operating subsidiaries. 
In addition, some of TotalEnergies SE’s subsidiaries are subject to laws restricting the amount of dividends they 
may pay. For example, these laws may prohibit dividend payments when net assets would fall below subscribed 
share capital, when the subsidiary lacks available profits or when the subsidiary fails to meet certain capital and 
reserve requirements. For example, French law prohibits those subsidiaries incorporated in France from paying 
dividends unless these payments are made out of distributable profits. These profits consist of accumulated, 
realized profits, which have not been previously utilized, less accumulated, realized losses, which have not been 
previously written off. Other statutory and general law obligations may also affect the ability of directors of 
TotalEnergies SE’s subsidiaries to declare dividends and the ability of TotalEnergies SE’s subsidiaries to make 
payments to TotalEnergies SE or the relevant Issuer on account of intercompany loans.  
Each Noteholder’s investment in the Senior Notes will therefore be structurally subordinated to the liabilities of 
TotalEnergies SE’s subsidiaries (other than the relevant Issuer, as applicable) which could significantly affect the 
recovery in the event of an insolvency of TotalEnergies SE or the relevant Issuer. Additionally, as the terms of 
the Senior Notes do not contain a negative pledge as discussed under “—The Senior Notes contain limited events 
of default and covenants”, there is no requirement for operating subsidiaries to guarantee the Senior Notes 
concurrently with any guarantee that is provided to other creditors pursuant to other indebtedness, which may 
have a significant adverse effect on the value of an investment in the Senior Notes.  
The Senior Notes will be unsecured, and therefore an investor’s right to receive payments may be adversely 
affected 
The Senior Notes will be unsecured. The Senior Notes are not subordinated to any of the relevant Issuer’s or 
Guarantor’s (as relevant) other debt obligations, and therefore they will rank equally with all such person’s other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness (save for certain mandatory exceptions provided by French law). 
There is no limitation on the relevant Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to issue secured debt. As of 30 June 2024, 
$8,350 million of TotalEnergies SE’s non-current financial debt was secured and as of the same date, each of 
TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International had no secured indebtedness outstanding. If the 
relevant Issuer of the Senior Notes defaults on the Senior Notes or if the Guarantor defaults on the Guarantee, or 
after the bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, then, to the extent the 
relevant obligor has granted security over its assets, the assets that secure that entity’s debts will be used to satisfy 
the obligations under that secured debt before the obligor can make payment on the Senior Notes or the Guarantee, 
as applicable. There may only be limited assets available to make payments on the Senior Notes or the Guarantee 
in the event of an acceleration of the Senior Notes. If there is not enough collateral to satisfy the obligations of 
the secured debt, then the remaining amounts on the secured debt would share equally with all unsubordinated 
unsecured indebtedness (save for certain mandatory exceptions provided by French law). Therefore, the recovery 
of an investment in the Senior Notes following a default or after the bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will necessarily be less than that of a debt obligation secured over collateral 
which could have material consequences for the value of a Noteholder’s investment. 
The Senior Notes contain limited events of default and covenants 
Unless and until the Senior Notes are redeemed in accordance with the relevant Issuer’s redemption options or at 
the option of the holders if specified in the Final Terms, the Senior Notes will be repayable at their stated maturity 
or (if relevant) in accordance with the Amortisation Yield stated in the Final Terms. The holder of any Note may 
only give notice that such Note is immediately due and repayable in a limited number of events as described in 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions. Such events of default do not include, for example, 
a cross-default of the relevant Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s other debt obligations which would otherwise permit 
the Noteholders to declare the Senior Notes due and payable if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor were to default

--- Page 27 ---
27 
on any other outstanding indebtedness over a certain threshold. Moreover, the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes do not contain any covenant regulating the incurrence of additional debt, a negative pledge or any other 
covenants of the Issuers or the Guarantor which would otherwise require that security or guarantees granted to 
other creditors be equally and rateably granted to the Noteholders. As a result, (i) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
or subsidiaries of the Guarantor may freely incur additional debt and provide security, and subsidiaries of 
TotalEnergies SE may provide guarantees, in each case to other creditors without extending the same to the Senior 
Notes, (ii) if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor default on other outstanding indebtedness, it will not cause an 
acceleration of the Senior Notes and (iii) Noteholders will only have such protections and be able to exercise such 
remedies as contained in the Terms and Conditions and will not have any other rights to accelerate the maturity 
of the Senior Notes, each of which may have material consequences for the value of their investment. 
Any early redemption at the option of an Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue of 
Senior Notes, could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Senior Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the 
relevant Issuer of the entire outstanding under the particular Tranche or a portion thereof (including by way of 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer, a Residual Maturity Call Option, a Redemption following an Acquisition 
Event or a Clean-Up Call Option). If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the relevant 
Issuer will exercise its right of termination increases. As a consequence, (i) the yields received upon redemption 
may be lower than expected, (ii) the redeemed face amount of the Senior Notes may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Senior Notes paid by the Noteholder, (iii) part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, 
which would have a significant adverse effect on the return obtained from such Noteholder’s investment. In 
addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so 
only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Senior Notes that could have further negative consequences 
for investors. See also “—Partial redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer”. 
The following discusses the above risk as it may materialise according to the different redemption features that 
can be provided in the relevant Final Terms for a particular Tranche of Senior Notes. 
• 
The Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Senior Notes, in 
whole or in part, under a call option as provided in Condition 5(d) at the Optional Redemption Amount 
which will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, or all, or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
some only, of the Senior Notes outstanding under a Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer as provided 
in Condition 5(e) at the Make-whole Redemption Amount, or in whole or in part under a Residual 
Maturity Call Option as provided in Clause 5(f), under a Redemption following an Acquisition Event as 
provided in Clause 5(g), or in whole but not in part under a Clean-up Call Option as provided in Condition 
5(h).  
• 
The Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to exercise a Residual Maturity Call 
Option, in whole or in part, as provided in Condition 5(f), and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Senior 
Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption Option before the Call Option Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), the calculation of the Make-whole Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-
whole Redemption Option will be calculated by reference to the relevant Call Option Date rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining scheduled payment of 
interest shall be deemed to fall on the Call Option Date (rather than the relevant Maturity Date) which 
would result in a reduced rate of return on the Senior Notes than a Noteholder would have otherwise 
received pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes for Series of Senior Notes where a Residual Maturity Call has not been 
specified.  
• 
The Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to exercise a redemption, in whole 
or in part, as provided in Condition 5(g) if the Issuer has not, on or prior to the Acquisition Longstop 
Date (as specified in the Final Terms), completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target 
(as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) has publicly announced that it no longer intends to pursue the 
acquisition of the Acquisition Target. The probability and risks related to the non-consummation of the 
proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) may depend on a 
variety of factors, including (but not limited to) securing competition, foreign investment and other 
regulatory approvals, obtaining consents from commercial counterparties or creditors of the Acquisition 
Target, completing required employee consultation procedures and the implementation of TotalEnergies’ 
strategy with respect to the particular Acquisition Target, some of which will be outside of the control of 
the Issuer. Conversely, if the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target is not consummated, and the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Issuer determines not to redeem the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes will remain outstanding as obligations 
of the Issuer (and, as relevant, the Guarantor) and the Acquisition Target will not become a member of 
TotalEnergies. 
• 
The Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to exercise a Clean-Up Call Option, 
in whole but not in part, as provided in Condition 5(h) if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage than that 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call Percentage” as defined in the relevant Final 
Terms) of a particular Tranche has been redeemed or repurchased; however, there is no obligation under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the Clean-
up Call Percentage has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-
Up Call Option, the Senior Notes may have been trading significantly above par, which could negatively 
affect the market value of the remaining outstanding Senior Notes. 
An exercise of any of the foregoing early redemption options by the relevant Issuer for a portion, but not all of, 
any particular Tranche of Senior Notes may also result in the materialisation of the risk factor discussed under 
“(C) Risks related to the market generally—The market value of the Notes may decline, the trading market may 
be volatile and each may be adversely impacted by many events”. 
The market value of Senior Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than on 
conventional interest-bearing securities 
The relevant Final Terms for a particular issue of Senior Notes will indicate the issue price of the Senior Notes. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. The foregoing may have material 
consequences on the liquidity and market value of the Senior Notes which could cause holders of such Senior 
Notes to lose all or part of their investment. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme may be issued without interest accruing in accordance with Condition 
1 (Form, Denomination and Title) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the interest will be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4(e) (Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes which permits the relevant Issuer to specify in the applicable Final Terms that the Senior Notes shall be 
Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of bonds such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes because the discounted 
issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher 
price losses than other bonds having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon 
Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market 
conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the 
holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future 
market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have material consequences for the value of the 
Senior Notes. 
The market value, the yield and/or the liquidity of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by interest rate 
movements 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme may be issued with a fixed rate of interest in accordance with Condition 
1 (Form, Denomination and Title) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and, as provided for in 
Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount will be determined at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
rate of interest, with such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Investment in Senior 
Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the market value, the yield and/or the liquidity of the relevant Fixed Rate Notes as the price of 
such Fixed Rate Notes tends to move in an inverse relationship with the market interest rate, i.e. with the price of 
such a Fixed Rate Note decreasing when market interest rate increases, and the price of such a Fixed Rate Note 
increasing when market interest rate decreases. As a consequence of the foregoing, holders of Fixed Rate Notes 
may lose part of their investment.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme may be issued with a floating rate of interest in accordance with 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and, as provided 
for in Condition 4(b)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes, the relevant Issuer can specify in the applicable Final Terms that the Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
on the basis of a reference rate and a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be. A key difference 
between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be 
anticipated due to the periodic adjustment (specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate which will 
itself vary depending on general market conditions.  
Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the 
time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having 
longer fixed interest periods. If the Final Terms of the relevant Senior Notes provide for frequent interest payment 
dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest 
the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing.  
Market volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have a negative effect on the yield, 
the market value and/or the liquidity of Floating Rate Notes and Noteholders could receive a lower or no interest 
on such Senior Notes. 
Risks related to the conversion of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme may be issued with a fixed to floating rate of interest in accordance 
with Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and, as 
provided for in Condition 4(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, such 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert or that 
automatically converts on a date specified in the relevant Final Terms from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. The relevant Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate or the automatic conversion 
of the interest rate on a date specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Senior Notes since (i) in the case where the relevant Issuer may elect to convert the interest rate, the 
relevant Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing 
and (ii) where the conversion of the rate of interest is automatic, such conversion as from the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms may not be favourable to the Noteholders. If the rate of interest is converted from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable floating rate debt securities tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Senior Notes. If the rate of interest is converted from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Senior Notes. It is difficult 
to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a negative effect on the 
value of the Senior Notes as well as lead to the materialization of the risk described under “—Investors will not 
be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes”. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Sterling Over Night Index Average 
(“SONIA”) and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) as reference rates in the capital markets and 
their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. 
Furthermore, such risk-free rates have a relatively limited performance history and the future performance of such 
risk-free rates is difficult to predict and may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest 
reference rates. For example, since publication of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been 
more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. In addition, the manner of 
adoption or application of risk-free rates in the bond market may differ materially compared with the application 
and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources and the 
relevant Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. There can be no 
guarantee that the relevant risk-free rate (or the SOFR Compounded Index or SONIA Compounded Index) will 
not be discontinued or fundamentally altered (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for 
in the Conditions will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Noteholders of Notes linked to or which

--- Page 30 ---
30 
reference such risk free rates). If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that 
change may have a negative effect on the yield of the relevant Floating Rate Notes and the trading prices of such 
Notes. 
Moreover, interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and it consequently may be difficult to reliably estimate the amount of 
interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Senior Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 9 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be 
reset thereafter which could make difficult forecasting the effective yield to redemption. 
The use of risk-free rates as a reference rate for bonds is still developing, and may be subject to change and 
refinement, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates. As a result, Floating Rate Notes 
referencing risk-free rates may have limited trading market when issued, and an established trading market may 
never develop or may not be very liquid which, in turn, may reduce have a negative effect on the trading price of 
the Notes or the ability of Noteholders to sell such Notes at all or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
Insofar as the Final Terms for the relevant Tranche provide that the Specified Currency of the Senior Notes shall 
be Renminbi, the availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited, which may affect the liquidity of Notes 
denominated in Renminbi, and the relevant Issuer may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to make payments 
under Notes denominated in Renminbi in U.S. dollars  
If Renminbi is the Specified Currency of the Notes, payments will be effected in such currency unless the 
provisions of Condition 6(h) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes apply, in which case payments will 
be effected in U.S. dollars. As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund 
flows, the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi-
denominated Notes and the ability of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor, if applicable, to source Renminbi 
to make payments thereunder.  
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints which are directly affected by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New 
PRC regulations may be promulgated or the settlement agreements relating to the clearing of RMB Notes between 
the PBOC and its designated clearing banks in each offshore Renminbi settlement centres may be terminated or 
amended in the future, which may have the effect of further restricting the availability of RMB outside the PRC 
and consequently reducing the supply of Renminbi available for the relevant Issuer to use to source payments on 
RMB Notes. 
If the relevant Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligations to pay interest and principal 
on the Renminbi Notes by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined in 
Condition 6(h)), the terms of such RMB Notes allow the relevant Issuer to make such payment in U.S. dollars at 
the prevailing spot rate of exchange. Therefore, investors (i) holding RMB Notes may nonetheless receive U.S. 
dollars as payment thereunder in the circumstances set forth in Condition 6(h), and will have no rights to call an 
event of default or acceleration as a result, and (ii) such investors may lose all or part of their investment when 
converting U.S. dollars back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at the time, each of which 
may have a significant effect on the value of such RMB Notes. 
Insofar as the Final Terms for the relevant Tranche provide that the Specified Currency of the Senior Notes 
shall be Renminbi, payments with respect to Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in 
Renminbi Notes 
Except in limited circumstances, all payments of Renminbi under Renminbi Notes will be made solely by transfer 
to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with the prevailing rules and regulations for 
such transfer and in accordance with the terms and conditions of Renminbi Notes. The relevant Issuer cannot be 
required to make payment by any other means (including by transfer to a bank account in the PRC or anywhere 
else outside Hong Kong). If the custody and holding arrangements with respect to an investor’s RMB Notes do 
not comply with the foregoing, such investors will be may not receive timely payment under RMB Notes which 
would negatively affect such investors’ return.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Additionally, holders may of RMB Notes may be required to provide certifications and other information 
(including Renminbi account information) in order to receive payments in Renminbi. Finally, investors who 
receive funds in Renminbi may not be able to easily convert such sums into any other currency which may 
negatively affect the value of their investment. 
(D) 
Risks relating to all Deeply Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme and to the structure 
of a particular issue of Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes and the related Coupons are deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
In accordance with Condition 2.1 (Deeply Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer’s obligations under the Deeply Subordinated Notes and the related Coupons are 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de dernier rang) of the 
Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves. Substantially all of the Issuer’s secured and unsecured 
debt will rank senior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme. As of 30 June 2024, 
TotalEnergies had $8,350 million of secured non-current financial debt and $34,176 million of unsecured non-
current financial debt. 
In accordance with Condition 2.2 (Payment on the Notes in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer), in the event 
of any judgment rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) 
subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire), or in the event of the 
voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (in all cases listed above, other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an 
insolvency and where the resulting entity assumes the obligations of the Issuer under the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes and the related Coupons), the rights of Noteholders and Couponholders to payment under the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and the related Coupons, as the case may be will be subordinated to the full payment of the 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Unsubordinated Obligations), of the ordinary 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Ordinary Subordinated Obligations), of lenders in 
relation to prêts participatifs, if any, granted to the Issuer and titres participatifs, if any, issued or to be issued by 
the Issuer, if and to the extent that there is still cash available for those payments. Thus, the Noteholders and 
Couponholders face a higher recovery risk than holders of unsubordinated and ordinary subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors and subordinated creditors ranking 
ahead of the claims of the Noteholders and Couponholders, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes and the related Coupons shall terminate. The claims of the Noteholders and 
Couponholders under the Deeply Subordinated Notes and the related Coupons, as the case may be, are intended 
to be senior only to claims of shareholders. As of the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, there are 
currently no other instruments of the Issuer that rank junior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes or the related 
Coupons other than the ordinary shares of the Issuer. The ranking of the Deeply Subordinated Notes may have a 
significant adverse effect on return and recovery by Noteholders of Deeply Subordinated Notes as compared to 
Noteholders of Senior Notes which could result in (i) a loss of all or a part of a Noteholder’s investment in the 
event of a bankruptcy and (ii) more volatility in the market price of the Deeply Subordinated Notes as compared 
to Senior Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes will be issued as undated securities 
In accordance with Condition 5.1 (Final Redemption), the Deeply Subordinated Notes will be undated securities, 
with no specified maturity date. The Issuer is under no obligation to redeem or repurchase the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes at any time and the Noteholders have no right to require redemption of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes except, in accordance with Condition 8 (Enforcement Events), if a judgment is issued for the 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or, in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business 
of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery (redressement 
judiciaire) procedure, or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any 
other reason (and in all the cases above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other 
reorganization outside the context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Deeply Subordinated Notes).  
The lack of a fixed maturity may have a significant adverse effect on Noteholders who must bear the significant 
financial risks of an investment in the Deeply Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period and may not recover 
their investment in a foreseeable future.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
The Issuer has the ability to defer payment of interest in respect of the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
In accordance with Condition 4.5 (Optional Interest Deferral), on any applicable Interest Payment Date, the Issuer 
may elect to defer payment of all or part of the interest accrued on the Deeply Subordinated Notes to that date, 
and any such failure to pay shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose. Any interest in respect of 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes not paid on an applicable Interest Payment Date will, so long as the same remains 
outstanding, be deferred and shall constitute Arrears of Interest and bear interest, and may be payable in whole or 
in part as provided in Condition 4.5 (Optional Interest Deferral) of the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes. 
Any deferral of interest payments or the perception that the Issuer will exercise its optional deferral right would 
have a significant adverse effect on the market price of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a result of 
the interest deferral provisions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes, the market value of the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that are not 
subject to the above provisions and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer’s financial 
condition, therefore, investors may lose all or part of their investment. A deferral of interest may have a significant 
adverse effect for the value of the Deeply Subordinated Notes or liquidity on the secondary market. 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Deeply Subordinated Notes may appear, in 
trading systems with accrued interest. Purchasers of Deeply Subordinated Notes in the secondary market may pay 
a price which reflects such accrued interest on purchase of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. If one or several 
interest payments are deferred, a purchaser of Deeply Subordinated Notes in the secondary market may not be 
entitled to the accrued interest (or part thereof) reflected in the purchase price of the Deeply Subordinated Notes, 
which could have a significant adverse effect for such Noteholder and cause such Noteholder to lose all or part of 
the value of such person’s investment in the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer has no limitation on issuing or guaranteeing debt ranking senior or pari passu with the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes 
Condition 3 (No Negative Pledge) provides that there will be no negative pledge in respect of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes. As a result of the foregoing, and the related lack of any covenant regulating the amount of 
debt that the Issuer may incur, there is no restriction on the amount of debt, including senior and senior secured 
debt, which the Issuer may issue, or guarantee or secure. TotalEnergies SE and its subsidiaries and affiliates may 
incur additional indebtedness or grant guarantees in respect of indebtedness of third parties, including 
indebtedness or guarantees that rank pari passu or senior to the obligations under and in connection with the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes. An increase of the outstanding amount of such securities or other liabilities may, if 
such outstanding amount were to exceed the assets of TotalEnergies SE, materially reduce the amount (if any) 
recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-up of the Issuer and Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire 
investment if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or not). If the amount of interests due under such 
securities or other liabilities increases it significantly increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments 
under the Deeply Subordinated Notes which could in turn have a material consequences on the return of the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Changes in the Rate of Interest on the Deeply Subordinated Notes present particular risks 
Interest on the Deeply Subordinated Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. A Noteholder is exposed to the risk that the market 
value of the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes could fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While 
the nominal interest rate of the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in accordance with Condition 4 (Interest and deferral of interest) of the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets (“market interest rate”) typically varies on 
a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes 
would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the market value of the 
relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Deeply Subordinated Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the relevant 
Deeply Subordinated Notes would typically increase, until the yield of such Deeply Subordinated Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary is uncertain 
and presents a significant risk to the market value of the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes if an investor were 
to dispose of such Deeply Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
In accordance with Condition 4 (Interest and deferral of interest), the Interest Rate in respect of the relevant 
Deeply Subordinated Notes will be reset as from the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms and as such is not 
pre-defined at the Issue Date of such Deeply Subordinated Notes. Each reset Interest Rate may be different from 
the initial Interest Rate and may negatively impact the return under the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes and 
result in a reduced market value of the Deeply Subordinated Notes if an investor were to dispose of such Deeply 
Subordinated Notes. 
Due to the varying interest income on the Deeply Subordinated Notes, potential investors are not able to determine 
a definite yield of such Deeply Subordinated Notes at the time they purchase such Deeply Subordinated Notes 
and accordingly their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed 
interest periods, and this could have a negative effect on the expected return of an investment in the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes. 
There are no events of default or cross default under the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
Condition 8 (Enforcement Events) provides that there are no events of default in respect of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes or cross default under the Deeply Subordinated Notes. Compared to unsubordinated debt 
securities, including the Senior Notes issued under the Programme, the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default or cross default allowing acceleration of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes if certain events occur. As a result, (i) if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors will not have the right of acceleration 
of principal or default on other outstanding indebtedness, it will not cause an acceleration of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders and Couponholders 
for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the relevant Deeply 
Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner 
than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, therefore, investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
As a result, the value of the Deeply Subordinated Notes or liquidity on the secondary market may be negatively 
affected. 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes are subject to early redemption risk 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Deeply Subordinated Notes may provide for early redemption at the 
option of the Issuer of the entire amount of Notes outstanding under such particular Tranche or, in some cases, a 
portion thereof (including by way of an Optional Redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 5.2 (Optional Redemption), a Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 5.3 
(Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), or at any time following the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event, a 
Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Deduction Event (in accordance with Condition 6.4 (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons)), an Accounting Event (in accordance with Condition 5.5 (Redemption following an Accounting Event)), 
an Equity Credit Rating Event (in accordance with Condition 5.6 (Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating 
Event)), a Clean-Up Call Option (in accordance with Condition 5.7 (Clean-Up Call Option)) or an Acquisition 
Event (in accordance with Condition 5.8 (Redemption following an Acquisition Event)) subject to the provision 
of certain notice. 
In the event of an early redemption of the Deeply Subordinated Notes of any Series at the option of the Issuer 
following the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event, a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Deduction Event, an Accounting 
Event, an Equity Credit Rating Event or a Clean-Up Call Option, such early redemption of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes will be made at the Early Redemption Price specified in the relevant Final Terms together 
with any accrued interest and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon), as provided 
in Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) of the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes.  
The redemption of the Deeply Subordinated Notes by the Issuer or the perception that the Issuer will exercise its 
optional redemption right (as applicable) might negatively affect the market value of such Deeply Subordinated 
Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes if specified by the 
relevant Final Terms, the market value of the Deeply Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. TotalEnergies SE may also be expected to redeem the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the return 
that would have been received on the Deeply Subordinated Notes had they not been redeemed. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investment available at that time.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
An exercise of any of the foregoing early redemption options by the Issuer may also result in the materialisation 
of the risk factor discussed under “—(C) Risks related to the market generally—The market value of the Notes 
may decline, the trading market may be volatile and each may be adversely impacted by many events” for the 
period starting as of the announcement date to and including the optional redemption date. 
For a description of certain risks which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event, see the risk factors 
entitled “—The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes as equity instruments may change, which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event” and “— 
Optional redemption, exchange or variation of the Deeply Subordinated Notes for tax, accounting or rating 
agency reasons” below.  
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Deeply Subordinated Notes as 
equity instruments may change, which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event 
Under current IFRS rules, financial instruments such as the Deeply Subordinated Notes are classified for 
accounting purposes as equity instruments but this may change as IFRS rules evolve over time and this may result 
in the occurrence of an Accounting Event. In such an event, the Issuer will have the option to redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Deeply Subordinated Notes (pursuant to Condition 5.5 (Redemption following an Accounting 
Event)). See the risk factor entitled “—The Deeply Subordinated Notes are subject to early redemption risk” 
above. Accordingly, the future classification of the Deeply Subordinated Notes may vary from an accounting 
perspective and such change may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event, thereby providing 
TotalEnergies SE with the option to redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. The redemption of the Deeply Subordinated Notes by TotalEnergies SE or the 
perception that TotalEnergies SE will exercise its optional redemption right (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) may negatively affect the market value of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. During any period when 
TotalEnergies SE may elect to redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes, the market value of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
In November 2023, the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) published the exposure draft paper 
ED/2023/5 on “Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” (the “ED/2023/5 Paper”) which proposed 
amendments to IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures. Rules implemented as a result of the ED/2023/5 Paper 
or other initiatives of the IASB may in turn impact the earliest timing when an Accounting Event may occur 
(which could be earlier than the last day of application of the current IFRS rules) which may lead to an early 
redemption of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Due to the listing of its shares (in the form of American Depositary Receipts) on the New York Stock Exchange, 
the Issuer prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS both as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS-IASB”) and as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”). 
Accordingly, the Issuer may be entitled to exercise its option to redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes pursuant 
to an Accounting Event as a result of a change in accounting principles or methodology (or application thereof) 
either in IFRS-IASB or IFRS-EU.  
TotalEnergies SE is not required to redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes in the case of a Withholding Tax Event 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations are legal or enforceable under French law. If gross-up 
obligations under the Deeply Subordinated Notes are held to be illegal or unenforceable under French law, the 
Issuer will have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, if the 
Issuer does not redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event (as 
provided by Condition 5.4(ii)), holders of Deeply Subordinated Notes may receive less than the full amount due, 
and the market value of the Deeply Subordinated Notes will be negatively affected. 
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer and/or the Deeply Subordinated Notes may affect the market value 
of the Deeply Subordinated Notes and changes in rating methodologies may lead to the early redemption of the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer is currently rated A+ with a stable outlook by S&P and A1 with a positive outlook by Moody’s. The 
rating granted by each of S&P and Moody’s or any other rating assigned to the relevant Deeply Subordinated 
Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market and other factors that may affect the market value of such Deeply Subordinated Notes. Consequently, 
actual or anticipated changes in TotalEnergies’ or the relevant Deeply Subordinated Note’s credit ratings may 
affect the market value of such Deeply Subordinated Notes, either positively or negatively. However, because the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
return on the Deeply Subordinated Notes is dependent upon certain factors in addition to the Issuer’s ability to 
meet its obligations on the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes, an improvement in TotalEnergies’ credit ratings 
will not reduce the other investment risks related to such Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
In addition, each of S&P and Moody’s or any other rating agency may change its methodologies for rating issuers 
and securities with features similar to the Deeply Subordinated Notes in the future. This may include the 
relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s senior securities and ratings assigned to securities with features 
similar to the Deeply Subordinated Notes, sometimes called “notching”. If the rating agencies were to change 
their practices for rating such securities in the future and the ratings of the Deeply Subordinated Notes were to be 
subsequently lowered, this may have a negative impact on the trading price of the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
If as a consequence of a change in the rating methodology of S&P or Moody’s, the relevant Deeply Subordinated 
Notes are no longer eligible for the same or higher category of equity credit attributed to the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes at their Issue Date, the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the Deeply Subordinated Notes as 
provided in Condition 5.6 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating Event). 
The redemption of the Deeply Subordinated Notes by the Issuer or the perception that the Issuer will exercise its 
optional redemption right (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) might negatively affect the market value of 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the relevant Deeply 
Subordinated Notes, the market value of such Deeply Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
Optional redemption, exchange or variation of the Notes for tax, accounting or rating agency reasons 
There is a risk that, after the issue of a Series of Deeply Subordinated Notes, a Tax Deduction Event, a Gross-Up 
Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an Accounting Event or an Equity Credit Rating Event may occur which in 
accordance with Condition 5.9 (Substitution and Variation) would entitle the Issuer, without the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to exchange or vary the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes, 
subject to not being prejudicial to the interest of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, so that after such 
exchange or variation, (i) in the case of an Accounting Event, they would be recorded as “equity” to the maximum 
extent possible in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer pursuant to the application of IFRS, (ii) in 
the case of a Gross-Up Event, payments of principal and interest in respect of the relevant Deeply Subordinated 
Notes are not subject to deduction or withholding by reason of French law or published regulations, (iii) in the 
case of a Withholding Tax Event, payments of the full amounts of principal and interest in respect of the relevant 
Deeply Subordinated Notes are not prevented by French law, (iv) in the case of a Tax Deduction Event, payments 
of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes are deductible to the extent 
permitted by French law or (v) in the case of an Equity Credit Rating Event, to avoid any part of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Exchanged Notes or Varied Notes (as the case may be) which benefitted from equity 
credit by the relevant Rating Agency prior to the occurrence of the Equity Credit Rating Event being assigned a 
level of equity credit (or such other nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the 
degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) that is lower than the equity credit 
assigned on the Issue Date (or if equity credit is not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the equity credit 
is assigned for the first time). The relevant Final Terms may specify additional circumstances in which such 
Exchange Notes or Varied Notes may be issued.  
Unless specified differently in the relevant Final Terms, such exchange or variation is subject to compliance with 
certain conditions including not being materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders as described in Condition 5.9 (Substitution and Variation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes (and any additional conditions set forth in the relevant Final Terms). Any 
such substitution or variation may have a negative effect on the price of, and/or the market for, the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes. 
Alternatively, the Issuer reserves the right, under the same circumstances, to redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes early as further described in “—The Deeply Subordinated Notes are subject to early 
redemption risk” above and in Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) of the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes. 
In such a case, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Deeply Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able to reinvest at a lower 
rate.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
The Terms and Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes contain a prohibition of set-off 
In accordance with Condition 2.3 (Prohibition of set-off), no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right 
of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising 
under or in connection with the Deeply Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme and each Noteholder 
will be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention, subject to applicable law. As 
a result, a Noteholder which is also a debtor of the Issuer cannot set-off its payment obligation against any sum 
due to it by the Issuer under the relevant Deeply Subordinated Notes. This prohibition of set-off could therefore 
have a negative effect on the counterparty risk for a Noteholder in the event that the Issuer were to become 
insolvent. 
(E) 
Risks relating to Notes with an interest rate calculated in reference to a benchmark 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of such Notes 
In accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(B) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 4.1 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes, the rate of interest in respect of certain Notes may 
be determined by reference to reference rates that constitute “benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 
2016 and applied since 1 January 2018. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (in particular, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) or the Euro Constant Maturity Swap (“EUR CMS”)) are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently from the past or disappear entirely or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to 
such a “benchmark”. 
In particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation, such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the level or volatility of the published rate of such benchmark. In addition, market 
participants may be discouraged from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark and the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmarks may change, which may lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of these changes, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a 
benchmark. 
The potential elimination of any benchmark, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the 
manner of administration of any existing or new benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of any 
Notes which pay a floating rate on interest. In particular, to the extent a benchmark is discontinued or is no longer 
quoted, the reference rate of such Notes may thereafter be determined in relation to a different benchmark. The 
replacement benchmark may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark and may result in other 
consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the 
payments that would have been made on such Notes if as such a benchmark was available in its current form. This 
could in turn impact the trading value of the affected Notes. In particular, in 2019, the method of determination 
of EURIBOR was changed by its administrator, the European Money Markets Institute (the “EMMI”). Because 
of the change in method, historical trends with respect to EURIBOR may not be indicative of trends that might 
apply on the basis of the new determination method. 
If the relevant reference rate ceases to be calculated or administered and no alternative base rate is identified, this 
may result in the relevant reference rate no longer being available or being subject to replacement, and the interest 
rate on such Notes will accrue at the last relevant rate plus the Margin, potentially converting such Notes into 
fixed rate instruments. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of European Union, 
United Kingdom, or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes 
could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on the Notes. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”) which introduces a harmonised approach to 
deal with the cessation or winddown of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory

--- Page 37 ---
37 
replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority. This replacement could 
have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme 
linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform 
differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties 
as to the application of these regulatory provisions pending the implementing acts of the European Commission. 
In addition, the Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks 
until the end of 2025. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. More broadly, any of the international or 
national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR and other benchmarks will 
continue to be supported going forward. This may cause these benchmarks to perform differently than they have 
done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
If a benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark will 
be changed in ways which may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of 
such holders be obtained 
In relation to Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme, for EURIBOR and EUR CMS, in the event that 
the reference rate is temporarily unavailable, the Calculation Agent is permitted to obtain quotations from banks 
active in those markets and determine the reference rate through arithmetic mean as further detailed in Condition 
4(b)(iii)(B)(I)(y) and (z), which may be less efficient than if such rate was calculated by an information agency. 
Furthermore, in the event of a “Benchmark Event” in relation to the Senior Notes or, in the event of a “Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Event” in relation to the Deeply Subordinated Notes, pursuant to the fallback provisions for reference 
rate calculation under the Notes, the relevant Issuer will (at its own cost) appoint an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise (the 
“Independent Adviser”) who will advise the relevant Issuer in determining a successor or replacement rate, 
permitting the relevant Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner to make necessary 
changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day 
count fraction and any method for calculating the replacement rate, including any adjustment factor needed to 
make such replacement rate comparable to the relevant reference rate.  
Such replacement rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and no consent of the 
Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any replacement rate, any other related adjustments 
and/or amendments to the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes (or any other document) which are made in 
order to effect such replacement rate. See Condition 4(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 4.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes for more information regarding the 
benchmark discontinuation provisions.  
Notwithstanding the fallback provisions relating to “Mid-Swap Benchmark Event” discussed above, no 
replacement rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable adjustment spread be applied, nor will any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes be made, if and 
to the extent that, in the determination of the relevant Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (i) result 
in a reduction of the amount of “equity credit” assigned to the Deeply Subordinated Notes by any Rating Agency 
when compared to the “equity credit” assigned to the Deeply Subordinated Notes immediately prior to the 
occurrence of the relevant Benchmark Event from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise prejudice the eligibility 
of the Deeply Subordinated Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency. 
The replacement rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general evolution and/or 
interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, 
given the uncertainty concerning the availability of a replacement rate and the involvement of an agent, the 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the replacement rate may perform 
differently from the discontinued Benchmark. Any adjustment factor applied to any series of Notes may not

--- Page 38 ---
38 
adequately compensate such impact. This could in turn have a negative effect on the rate of interest on and trading 
value of the affected Notes. 
Alternatively, if the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is 
unable to or otherwise does not advise the relevant Issuer a replacement rate, then no such successor, replacement 
or alternative benchmark or Screen Page will be adopted and the Rate of Interest will be equal to the last reference 
available on relevant Screen Page or from the benchmark (as applicable). This could result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate to the Notes. As a consequence, the Noteholders may receive less than they would have 
received in the absence of a Benchmark Event, which could have a negative effect on the rate of interest on and 
trading value of the affected Notes.  
Noteholders that enter into hedging instruments based on the relevant reference rate may find their hedges to be 
ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the replacement rate. When 
such Notes are effectively converted into fixed rate instruments, Noteholders might incur costs from unwinding 
hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, Noteholders will not, if the Notes are converted into fixed 
rate instrument benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of the Notes could as a consequence be 
adversely affected.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
TotalEnergies has made certain forward-looking statements in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and in 
the documents referred to in, or incorporated by reference into, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. This 
document may contain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, 
business activities and industrial strategy of TotalEnergies. This document may also contain statements regarding 
the perspectives, objectives, areas of improvements and goals of TotalEnergies, including with respect to climate 
change and carbon neutrality (net zero emissions). An ambition expresses an outcome desired by TotalEnergies, 
it being specified that the means to be deployed do not depend solely on TotalEnergies. These forward-looking 
statements may generally be identified by the use of the future or conditional tense or forward-looking words such 
as “envisions”, “intends”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “considers”, “plans”, “expects”, “thinks”, “targets”, “aims” 
or similar terminology. Such forward-looking statements included in this document are based on economic data, 
estimates and assumptions prepared in a given economic, competitive and regulatory environment and considered 
to be reasonable by TotalEnergies as of the date of this document. 
These forward-looking statements are not historical data and should not be interpreted as assurances that the 
perspectives, objectives or goals announced will be achieved. They may prove to be inaccurate in the future, and 
may evolve or be modified with a significant difference between the actual results and those initially estimated, 
due to the uncertainties notably related to the economic, financial, competitive and regulatory environment, or 
due to the occurrence of risk factors, such as, notably, the price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas, the 
evolution of the demand and price of petroleum products, the changes in production results and reserves estimates, 
the ability to achieve cost reductions and operating efficiencies without unduly disrupting business operations, 
changes in laws and regulations including those related to the environment and climate, currency fluctuations, 
technological innovations, meteorological conditions and events, as well as socio-demographic, economic and 
political developments, changes in market conditions, loss of market share and changes in consumer preferences, 
or pandemics such as COVID-19. Additionally, certain financial information is based on estimates particularly in 
the assessment of the recoverable value of assets and potential impairments of assets relating thereto. 
Except for its ongoing obligations to disclose material information as required by applicable securities laws, 
TotalEnergies does not have any intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after the distribution 
of this document, even if new information, future events or other circumstances have made them incorrect or 
misleading. 
Various factors, certain of which are discussed elsewhere in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and in the 
documents referred to in, or incorporated by reference into, this document, could affect the future results of 
TotalEnergies and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking 
statements.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred 
to in the tables below included in the following documents which have been filed with the AMF and shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus: 
(a) the sections referred to in the tables below: 
(i) 
for TotalEnergies SE, the French language Universal Registration Document 2023 filed under 
reference D.24-0215 on 29 March 2024 (the “TotalEnergies 2023 URD”), containing the 
audited consolidated annual financial statements and the statutory auditors’ report thereon for 
the financial year ended 31 December 20231 
(https://totalenergies.com/system/files/documents/2024-03/totalenergies_document-
enregistrement-universel-2023_2023_fr_pdf.pdf)  
(ii) 
for TotalEnergies SE, the French language Universal Registration Document 2022 filed under 
reference D.23-0144 on 24 March 2023 (the “TotalEnergies 2022 URD”), containing the 
audited consolidated annual financial statements and the statutory auditors’ report thereon for 
the financial year ended 31 December 20222 
(https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/2023-
03/TotalEnergies_DEU_2022_VF.pdf) 
(iii) 
for TotalEnergies Capital, the audited annual non-consolidated financial statements and audit 
report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the “TotalEnergies Capital Financial 
Statements 2023”) 
(https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/2024-
07/TotalEnergies_Capital-2023-Financial-Report_en_pdf.pdf)  
(iv) 
for TotalEnergies Capital, the audited annual non-consolidated financial statements and audit 
report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the “TotalEnergies Capital Financial 
Statements 2022”) 
(https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/2024-
07/TotalEnergies_Capital-2022-Financial-Report_en_pdf.pdf) 
(v) 
for TotalEnergies Capital International, the audited annual non-consolidated financial 
statements and audit report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the “TotalEnergies 
Capital International Financial Statements 2023”) 
(https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/2024-
07/totalenergies_Capital-International-2023-Financial-Report_en_pdf.pdf)   
(vi) 
for TotalEnergies Capital International, the audited annual non-consolidated financial 
statements and audit report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the “TotalEnergies 
Capital International Financial Statements 2022”) 
(https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/2024-
07/totalenergies_Capital-International-2022-Financial-Report_en_pdf.pdf) 
(vii) 
for TotalEnergies SE, the English language translation of the financial report for the first half 
of 2024 including the unaudited consolidated financial statements as at, and for the six-month 
 
1 The English language translation of the TotalEnergies 2023 URD may be obtained without charge from the 
website of the Guarantor (https://totalenergies.com/system/files/documents/2024-03/totalenergies_universal-
registration-document-2023_2023_en_pdf.pdf) 
2 The English language translation of the TotalEnergies 2022 URD may be obtained without charge from the 
website of the Guarantor (https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/2023-
03/TotalEnergies_URD_2022_EN.pdf)

--- Page 41 ---
41 
period ended 30 June 2024 and related English language translation of the review report (the 
“TotalEnergies First Half 2024 Financial Report”) 
(https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/2024-
07/TotalEnergies_rapport_financier_semestriel_2024_en_pdf.pdf)  
(viii) 
for TotalEnergies Capital, the English language translation of the financial report for the first 
half of 2024 including the unaudited consolidated financial statements as at, and for the six-
month period ended 30 June 2024 and related English language translation of the review report 
(with pagination below referring to the pages of the document in portable document form rather 
than the pages listed thereon) (the “TotalEnergies Capital First Half 2024 Financial Report”) 
(https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/totalenergies_TotalEnergies
-Capital-Q2-2024_Financial_statements_en_pdf.pdf)  
(ix) 
for TotalEnergies Capital International, the English language translation of the financial report 
for the first half of 2024 including the unaudited consolidated financial statements as at, and for 
the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 and related English language translation of the review 
report (the “TotalEnergies Capital International First Half 2024 Financial Report”) 
(https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/totalenergies_TotalEnergies
-Capital-International-Q2-2024-Financial-statements_en_pdf.pdf)  
(b) the terms and conditions of Notes issued under the Programme: 
(i) 
set out on pages 89 to 116 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 9 May 2018 which 
received visa no. 18-0165 from the AMF on 9 May 2018 (the “2018 EMTN Conditions”) 
(https://bdif.amf-france.org/fr/details/18-0165) 
(ii) 
set out on pages 81 to 102 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 20 May 2019 
which received visa no. 19-215 from the AMF on 20 May 2019 (the “2019 EMTN 
Conditions”) 
(https://bdif.amf-france.org/fr/details/19-0215) 
(iii) 
set out on pages 50 to 77 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 9 June 2020 which 
received approval no. 20-247 from the AMF on 9 June 2020 (the “2020 EMTN Conditions” 
and together with the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, and the 2019 
EMTN Conditions, the “EMTN Previous Conditions”) 
(https://bdif.amf-france.org/fr/details/20-0247) 
save that any statement contained in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication 
or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, 
to constitute a part of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
To the extent that any of the documents incorporated by reference itself incorporates documents by reference, 
such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. The non-incorporated parts of the 
documents incorporated by reference are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
All documents incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus may be obtained, free of 
charge, at the offices of each Paying Agent set out at the end of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus during 
normal business hours and as long as any of the Notes are outstanding. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference will be published on the website of TotalEnergies 
(www.totalenergies.com).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN RELATION TO TOTALENERGIES SE 
AND TOTALENERGIES 
The following consolidated table cross-references the information incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus with the main heading required under Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(Registration Document for Wholesale Non-Equity Securities) supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
2023 URD 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
2022 URD 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
First Half 2024 
Financial Report 
3. 
Risk Factors 
130 to 139 
 
 
4. 
Information about the issuer 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of the issuer 
10 to 11            
 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the 
issuer. 
44 and 409 
 
 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length 
of life of the issuer, except where the 
period is indefinite. 
44 and 409 
 
 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, 
the legislation under which the issuer 
operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address, 
telephone 
number 
of 
its 
registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered 
office) and website of the issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the 
prospectus. 
44 and 409 
 
 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the issuer 
and which are to a material extent relevant 
to an evaluation of the issuer’s solvency. 
N/A* 
 
 
5. 
Business overview 
 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the issuer’s 
principal activities, stating the main 
categories of products sold and/or 
services performed. 
6-9, 70-127 
 
 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements made by the 
issuer regarding its competitive position. 
37-38, 40 
 
 
6. 
Organisational structure 
 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the issuer’s 
position within the group. This may be in 
the form of, or accompanied by, a 
44-46, 508-534

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
2023 URD 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
2022 URD 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
First Half 2024 
Financial Report 
diagram of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure. 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other 
entities within the group, this must be 
clearly 
stated 
together 
with 
an 
explanation of this dependence. 
44-46 
 
 
9. 
Administrative, 
management 
and 
supervisory bodies 
 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions 
within the issuer of the following persons 
and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside of 
that issuer where these are significant 
with respect to that issuer: 
190 to 207 
 
 
• members of the administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory 
bodies;. 
 
 
 
• partners with unlimited liability, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
a 
limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
 
 
 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management, 
and 
supervisory 
bodies’ 
conflicts 
of 
interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between 
any duties to the issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are 
no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
208 to 212 
 
 
10. 
Major shareholders 
 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state 
whether the issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and 
describe the measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not abused. 
401 to 402 and 411 
to 412 
 
 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, 
known to the issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent date result in 
a change in control of the issuer. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11. 
Financial information concerning the 
issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position and profits and losses 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
2023 URD 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
2022 URD 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
First Half 2024 
Financial Report 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial years (or 
such shorter period as the issuer has been 
in operation) and the audit report in 
respect of each year. 
416 to 534 
408 to 535 
N/A* 
11.1.2 
Change of accounting reference date 
If the issuer has changed its accounting 
reference date during the period for which 
historical 
financial 
information 
is 
required, the audited historical financial 
information shall cover at least 24 
months, or the entire period for which the 
issuer has been in operation, whichever is 
shorter. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be 
prepared 
according 
to 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002. 
If Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 is not 
applicable, the financial information must 
be prepared in accordance with either: (a) 
a Member State’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA, as 
required by the Directive 2013/34/EU; (b) 
a third country’s national accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
If 
such 
third 
country’s 
national 
accounting standards are not equivalent to 
Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002, the 
financial statements shall be restated in 
compliance with that Regulation. 
 
 
 
412-413 
406 
45 
11.1.4 
Where the audited financial information 
is 
prepared 
according 
to 
national 
accounting 
standards, 
the 
financial 
information must include at least the 
following: 
(a) the balance sheet; 
(b) the income statement; 
(c) the 
accounting 
policies 
and
explanatory notes. 
 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include 
416 to 534 
408 to 535 
35 to 53

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
2023 URD 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
2022 URD 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
First Half 2024 
Financial Report 
at 
least 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements in the registration document. 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of 
audited financial information statements 
may not be older than 18 months from the 
date of the registration document. 
423 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
 
 
 
11.2.1 
The historical financial information must 
be independently audited. The audit 
report shall be prepared in accordance 
with 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 
416 to 420 
 408 to 413 
N/A* 
Where 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not 
apply, the historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on as to 
whether or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives a true and 
fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State or 
an equivalent standard. Otherwise, the 
following information must be included 
in the registration document: 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
(a) a prominent statement disclosing 
which auditing standards have been 
applied. 
(b) an explanation of any significant 
departures from International Standards 
on Auditing. 
11.2.1
a 
Where audit reports on the historical 
financial information have been refused 
by the statutory auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter must be reproduced 
in full. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.2.2 
Indication of other information in the 
registration document which has been 
audited by the auditors. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.2.3 
Where financial information in the 
registration document is not extracted 
from the issuer’s audited financial 
statements state the source of the data and 
state that the data is not audited. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A*

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
2023 URD 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
2022 URD 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
First Half 2024 
Financial Report 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
 
11.3.1 
Information on any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or 
have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or profitability, or 
provide 
an 
appropriate 
negative 
statement. 
152 
 
 
12. 
Material contracts 
 
 
 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts 
that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of the issuer’s business, which 
could result in any group member being 
under an obligation or an entitlement that 
is material to the issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations to security holders in 
respect of the securities being issued. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
 
* N/A means not applicable.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN RELATION TO TOTALENERGIES 
CAPITAL 
The following consolidated table cross-references the information incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus with the main heading required under Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(Registration Document for Wholesale Non-Equity Securities) supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital Financial 
Statements 2023 
(except for the 
Risk Factors) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital Financial 
Statements 2022 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
Capital First Half 
2024 Financial 
Report 
3. 
Risk Factors 
130 to 139 of the 
TotalEnergies 
2023 URD 
 
 
11. 
Financial information concerning the 
issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position and profits and losses 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial years (or 
such shorter period as the issuer has been 
in operation) and the audit report in 
respect of each year. 
1-25 
1-26 
N/A* 
11.1.2 
Change of accounting reference date 
If the issuer has changed its accounting 
reference date during the period for which 
historical 
financial 
information 
is 
required, the audited historical financial 
information shall cover at least 24 
months, or the entire period for which the 
issuer has been in operation, whichever is 
shorter. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be 
prepared 
according 
to 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002. 
If Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 is not 
applicable, the financial information must 
be prepared in accordance with either: (a) 
a Member State’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA, as 
required by the Directive 2013/34/EU; (b) 
a third country’s national accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
If 
such 
third 
country’s 
national 
accounting standards are not equivalent to 
Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002, the 
 
 
 
N/A* 
 
 
17 
N/A* 
 
 
18 
N/A* 
 
 
14

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital Financial 
Statements 2023 
(except for the 
Risk Factors) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital Financial 
Statements 2022 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
Capital First Half 
2024 Financial 
Report 
financial statements shall be restated in 
compliance with that Regulation. 
11.1.4 
Where the audited financial information 
is 
prepared 
according 
to 
national 
accounting 
standards, 
the 
financial 
information must include at least the 
following: 
(a) the balance sheet; 
(b) the income statement; 
(c) the 
accounting 
policies 
and
explanatory notes. 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
12 
16-25 
 
 
 
 
10 
12 
16-26 
 
 
 
 
7 
9 
13-15 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include 
at 
least 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements in the registration document. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of 
audited financial information statements 
may not be older than 18 months from the 
date of the registration document. 
10 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
 
 
 
11.2.1 
The historical financial information must 
be independently audited. The audit 
report shall be prepared in accordance 
with 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 
1-6 
1-6 
1-3 
Where 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not 
apply, the historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on as to 
whether or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives a true and 
fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State or 
an equivalent standard. Otherwise, the 
following information must be included 
in the registration document: 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
(a) a prominent statement disclosing 
which auditing standards have been 
applied.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital Financial 
Statements 2023 
(except for the 
Risk Factors) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital Financial 
Statements 2022 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
Capital First Half 
2024 Financial 
Report 
(b) an explanation of any significant 
departures from International Standards 
on Auditing. 
11.2.1
a 
Where audit reports on the historical 
financial information have been refused 
by the statutory auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter must be reproduced 
in full. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.2.2 
Indication of other information in the 
registration document which has been 
audited by the auditors. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.2.3 
Where financial information in the 
registration document is not extracted 
from the issuer’s audited financial 
statements state the source of the data and 
state that the data is not audited. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
 
* N/A means not applicable.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN RELATION TO TOTALENERGIES 
CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL 
The following consolidated table cross-references the information incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus with the main heading required under Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(Registration Document for Wholesale Non-Equity Securities) supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital 
International 
Financial 
Statements 2023 
(except for the 
Risk Factors) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital 
International 
Financial 
Statements 2022 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
Capital International 
First Half 2024 
Financial Report 
3. 
Risk Factors 
130 to 139 of the 
TotalEnergies 
2023 URD 
 
 
11. 
Financial information concerning the 
issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position and profits and losses 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial years (or 
such shorter period as the issuer has been 
in operation) and the audit report in 
respect of each year. 
1-24 
1-25 
N/A* 
11.1.2 
Change of accounting reference date 
If the issuer has changed its accounting 
reference date during the period for which 
historical 
financial 
information 
is 
required, the audited historical financial 
information shall cover at least 24 
months, or the entire period for which the 
issuer has been in operation, whichever is 
shorter. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be 
prepared 
according 
to 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002. 
If Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 is not 
applicable, the financial information must 
be prepared in accordance with either: (a) 
a Member State’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA, as 
required by the Directive 2013/34/EU; (b) 
a third country’s national accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
If 
such 
third 
country’s 
national 
 
N/A* 
 
N/A* 
 
N/A* 
 
 
17 
 
 
18 
 
 
14

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital 
International 
Financial 
Statements 2023 
(except for the 
Risk Factors) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital 
International 
Financial 
Statements 2022 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
Capital International 
First Half 2024 
Financial Report 
accounting standards are not equivalent to 
Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002, the 
financial statements shall be restated in 
compliance with that Regulation. 
11.1.4 
Where the audited financial information 
is 
prepared 
according 
to 
national 
accounting 
standards, 
the 
financial 
information must include at least the 
following: 
(a) the balance sheet; 
(b) the income statement; 
(c) the 
accounting 
policies 
and
explanatory notes. 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
12 
16-24 
 
 
 
 
10 
12 
16-25 
 
 
 
 
7 
9 
13-15 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include 
at 
least 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements in the registration document. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of 
audited financial information statements 
may not be older than 18 months from the 
date of the registration document. 
10 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
 
 
 
11.2.1 
The historical financial information must 
be independently audited. The audit 
report shall be prepared in accordance 
with 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 
1-6 
1-6 
1-3

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Information incorporated by reference 
(pursuant to Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (Registration Document 
for wholesale non-equity securities)) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital 
International 
Financial 
Statements 2023 
(except for the 
Risk Factors) 
Page Reference(s) 
in the 
TotalEnergies 
Capital 
International 
Financial 
Statements 2022 
Page Reference(s) in 
the TotalEnergies 
Capital International 
First Half 2024 
Financial Report 
Where 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not 
apply, the historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on as to 
whether or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives a true and 
fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State or 
an equivalent standard. Otherwise, the 
following information must be included 
in the registration document: (a) a 
prominent statement disclosing which 
auditing standards have been applied; (b) 
an 
explanation 
of 
any 
significant 
departures from International Standards 
on Auditing. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
 
N/A* 
 
11.2.1
a 
Where audit reports on the historical 
financial information have been refused 
by the statutory auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter must be reproduced 
in full. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.2.2 
Indication of other information in the 
registration document which has been 
audited by the auditors. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
11.2.3 
Where financial information in the 
registration document is not extracted 
from the issuer’s audited financial 
statements state the source of the data and 
state that the data is not audited. 
N/A* 
N/A* 
N/A* 
 
* N/A means not applicable. 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN RELATION TO EMTN PREVIOUS 
CONDITIONS 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus for 
the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be consolidated and form a single series with Notes already issued 
pursuant to the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 
2018 EMTN Conditions 
9 May 2018: Pages 89 to 116 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
20 May 2019: Pages 81 to 107

--- Page 53 ---
53 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
9 June 2020: Pages 50 to 77

--- Page 54 ---
54 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If, at any time during the validity period of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus any Issuer shall be required 
to prepare a Supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuers will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement 
to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or a further Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus which, in respect 
of any subsequent issue of Notes to be offered to the public and/or listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
or on a Regulated Market shall constitute a supplement to the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as required 
by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and shall supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
Each of the Issuers has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors and their professional 
advisers, and would reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, for 
the purpose of making an informed assessment of its assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses 
and prospects and the rights attaching to the Notes, it shall prepare a Supplement or publish a replacement Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply 
to each Dealer such number of copies of such Supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
The Issuers shall submit such supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus to the AMF for approval. 
In relation to each issue of Notes, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus shall be completed by the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are offered to the 
public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for any such Notes before the Supplement to 
this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is published shall have the right, exercisable within two working days 
after the publication of such Supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, to withdraw their 
acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 
23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the final closing of the offer period or the delivery of 
the Notes, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the Issuers. The final date of the right of 
withdrawal as well as persons whom investors may contact should they wish to exercise the right of withdrawal 
shall be stated in the relevant Supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) that, subject to completion in accordance 
with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms for Senior Notes, shall be applicable to the Senior Notes 
in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series of the Senior Notes. 
The full text of these Conditions, together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms (and subject 
to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Senior Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the 
relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Senior Notes. References in these 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Senior Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Notes that may be issued under 
the Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated on or about 10 September 
2024 (as further amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”), between inter alia 
TotalEnergies SE (“TotalEnergies”, in respect of Notes issued by it, the “Issuer” and, in respect of Notes issued 
by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, the “Guarantor”), TotalEnergies Capital 
(“TotalEnergies Capital” or, in respect of Notes issued by it, the “Issuer”) TotalEnergies Capital International 
(“TotalEnergies Capital International” or in respect of Notes issued by it the “Issuer”), Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of an Amended and Restated Deed of 
Covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated on or about 10 
September 2024 executed by TotalEnergies, TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International in 
relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include 
the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest 
coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of 
such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for 
the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which the principal is 
payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to 
them. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified offices 
of each of the Paying Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). The Notes will initially be issued in global 
form (“Global Notes”), but Notes may be issued in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”) on or after the first day 
following the expiry of 40 days after the relevant Issue Date, provided that, in the case of any Notes submitted for 
exchange for interests in the records of the clearing systems, there shall have been a certification delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent as to non-U.S. citizenship and residency of the relevant Noteholder as set forth on Schedules 5 and 
6 of the Agency Agreement. 
For the purposes hereof a “Regulated Market” means a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Instalment Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes in definitive form are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, in which case references to interest (other than in relation to

--- Page 56 ---
56 
interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Notes of which 
the principal is payable in instalments (“Instalment Notes”) are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss, and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note and the Receipts relating to it, “holder” (in 
relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the relevant Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The 
payment obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them shall, 
save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 3, at all times rank 
at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the relevant 
Issuer present and future. 
3 
Status of the Guarantee in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies 
Capital International 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed to be 
payable by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International under the Notes, Receipts and Coupons. 
Its obligations in that respect (the “Guarantee”), which are contained in the Deed of Covenant, constitute direct, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee and shall, save for such exceptions 
as may be provided by applicable legislation relating to creditors’ rights in the event of insolvency, at all times 
rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present and 
future. 
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(i). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(i). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next calendar day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment; (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next calendar day that is a Business Day; (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next calendar day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day; or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions (together the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(w) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(x) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(y) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(z) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
“Compounding” is as specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and: 
(1) 
“Compounding with Lookback” is specified as the “Compounding 
Method” in the relevant Final Terms, “Lookback” is number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” is specified as the 
“Compounding Method” in the relevant Final Terms and, if so, Set-
in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, (a) 
“Observation Period Shift” is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) 
“Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days”, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(3) 
“Compounding with Lockout” is specified as the “Compounding 
Method” in the relevant Final Terms, (a) “Lockout” is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and (b) “Lockout Period Business Days”, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(4) 
“OIS Compounding” is specified as the “Compounding Method” in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(5) 
in connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, 
references in the ISDA Definitions to numbers, financial centres or 
other items specified in the Confirmation shall be deemed to be 
references to the numbers, financial centres or other items specified 
for such purpose in the Final Terms and references in the ISDA 
Definitions to “Calculation Period”, “Floating Rate Day Count 
Fraction”, “Period End Date”, “Termination Date” and 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, Day Count Fraction, Interest Period Date, 
the final Interest Period Date and the Interest Commencement Date 
respectively; 
Provided that (i) if the relevant Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions, (y) “Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be 
disapplied; and (z) if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any 
specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions), the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in 
the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by 
“Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”; and (ii) if the relevant 
Final Terms specify “2006 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions and 
if no Rate of Interest can be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the relevant Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, (though applying the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest, if any, relating to the Interest Accrual Period), failing which the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest applicable to 
such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date (though substituting, where a different 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Calculation Agent”, “Compounding 
with 
Lockout”, 
“Compounding with 
Lookback”, 
“Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift”, “Confirmation”, “Designated Maturity”, “Floating 
Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight Floating Rate 
Option”, “Overnight Rate Compounding Method”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(I) 
if “Applicable – Term Rate” is specified as the method of Screen Rate 
Determination in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or any other such page as may replace that page on the relevant 
service, or such other service as may be nominated as the 
information vendor, for the purpose of displaying comparable rates) 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
(x)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each 
case as at the time specified above, subject as is provided below, (I) 
the Calculation Agent shall refer to the Fallback Screen Page if 
provided in the applicable Final Terms, and if such Fallback Screen 
Page is not available or does not provide offered quotations or 
insufficient offered quotations, then (II) subject as provided below, 
the relevant Issuer shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to 
provide the relevant Issuer with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the relevant Issuer with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(z) 
If paragraph (y) above applies and the relevant Issuer determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the relevant Issuer by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the relevant Issuer with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which

--- Page 60 ---
60 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
relevant Issuer it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, in particular when no 
quotation is provided by any Reference Bank, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(II) 
If “Applicable – Overnight Rate” is specified as the method of Screen Rate 
Determination in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being “Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 4(c) and Condition 4(j) (as 
applicable) and as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), where: 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other qualified and independent party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date: 
(i) 
(if “Index Determination” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the Relevant Decimal Place: 
where: 
 
“Compounded Index End” means the Compounded Index 
Value on the last day of the relevant Index Observation 
Period; 
“Compounded Index Start” means the Compounded Index 
Value on the first day of the relevant Index Observation 
Period;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
“Compounded Index Value” shall mean any of (i) SONIA 
Compounded Index Value (if “SONIA Compounded 
Index” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or (ii) SOFR Compounded Index Value (if “SOFR 
Compounded Index” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Index 
Observation Period; 
“Index Business Days” means, in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index, London Banking Days and in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days; 
“Index Observation Period” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the period from and including the 
date falling the Relevant Number of Index Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the date which is the Relevant 
Number of Index Business Days prior to (i) the Interest 
Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) (if 
applicable) the date falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be 365 in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be the fourth 
decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index 
and the fifth decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if 
necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 
0.00000005 being rounded upwards); 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index and 
shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be five in the case of the SONIA Compounded 
Index; 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor 
source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the index known as 
the SOFR Index administered by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (or any successor administrator thereof); 
“SOFR Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to 
any U.S. Government Securities Business Day and subject

--- Page 62 ---
62 
as provided below, the value of the SOFR Compounded 
Index as published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website 
at 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as 
the SONIA Compounded Index administered by the Bank 
of England (or any successor administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to 
any London Banking Day and subject as provided below, 
the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published 
by authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on 
such London Banking Day or, if the value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index cannot be obtained from the Relevant 
Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/  
(or such other page or website as may replace such page for 
the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) 
in respect of such London Banking Day; and 
Notwithstanding the definitions of SOFR Compounded 
Index and SONIA Compounded Index above, if: 
(1) 
(where SONIA Compounded Index applies to the 
Notes) a Benchmark Event has not occurred in 
respect of SONIA; or 
(2) 
(where SOFR Compounded Index applies to the 
Notes) a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date has not 
occurred in respect of SOFR, 
with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the relevant 
Compounded IndexStart and/or Compounded IndexEnd is not 
published as contemplated above, the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest Accrual 
Period in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(B)(II)(x)(iii) 
as if Index Determination was not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable. For these 
purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
SONIA (in the case of SONIA Compounded Index) and 
SOFR (in the case of SOFR Compounded Index), (ii) the 
Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded 
Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be 
Observation Shift, (iv) ‘D’ shall be deemed to be the 
Numerator, (v) the Observation Shift Period (and thus, ‘p’) 
shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number and (vi) in the 
case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be 
determined by the relevant Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent. 
If, where SONIA Compounded Index applies to the Notes, 
a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the 
provisions of Condition 4(c)(A) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis in respect of this Condition 4(b)(iii)(B)(II)(x)(ii). 
If, where SOFR Compounded Index applies to the Notes, a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
provisions of Condition 4(c)(B) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis in respect of this Condition 4(b)(iii)(B)(II)(x)(ii). 
(ii) 
(if “Index Determination” is specified as being not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or “Index 
Determination” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms but such SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR 
Compounded Index or Reference Rate, as applicable, is not 
available at the relevant time on the Interest Determination 
Date), as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
a. 
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; or 
b. 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means: 
a. 
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
b. 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Business Day in: 
a. 
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; or 
b. 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
“Business Day” in this Condition has the meaning set out 
in Condition 4(j); 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from and including such Business Day “i” up 
to but excluding the following Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from and including the date 
falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the 
Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the 
date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means: 
a. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of Business Days included in the Lag Look-Back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified five Business 
Days);  
b. 
where “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method, zero; or 
c. 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days specified as 
the Observation Shift Period in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
five Business Days); 
“r” means in respect of the relevant Reference Rate: 
a. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Observation 
Shift” 
is 
specified 
as 
the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business 
Day, the relevant Reference Rate in respect of 
such Business Day; 
b. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Payment 
Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the relevant 
Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day, 
provided however that, in case of the last Interest 
Period, in respect of each Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, the relevant 
Reference Rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off 
Date; or 
c. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is 
specified as the Observation Method: 
1. 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is 
a Reference Day, the relevant Reference 
Rate in respect of the Business Day

--- Page 65 ---
65 
immediately preceding such Reference 
Day, and 
2. 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is 
not a Reference Day (being a Business 
Day in the Lock-out Period), the relevant 
Reference Rate in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding 
with 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date); and 
“ri” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the 
definition of “r” above for: 
a. 
where “Lag” or “Payment Delay” is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Business Day falling “p” Business 
Days prior to the relevant Business Day “i”; or 
b. 
where “Lock-out” or “Observation Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Business Day 
“i”. 
(y) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Weighted 
Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
to Condition 4(c) and as provided below, be the Weighted Average 
Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other qualified and independent party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, where: 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
a. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar 
days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes 
the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is 
not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference 
Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding 
such calendar day; and 
b. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant Reference Rate by the number of days such 
rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however that for 
any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in 
the “Lock-out Period”, the relevant Reference Rate for each 
day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day 
which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso 
above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(z) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being the EUR CMS, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for EUR CMS 
relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap 
rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, being Reuters Screen page “ICESWAP2” under the heading 
“EURIBOR Basis”, as at 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt time, in the case of 
the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If the aforementioned Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
EUR CMS does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
Calculation Agent shall refer to the Fallback Screen Page as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms to calculate the Rate of 
Interest in accordance with the previous sentence (if applicable). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 
4(b)(iii)(B)(II)(z), in the event that the Reference Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page or the Fallback Screen Page (if 
applicable), the Calculation Agent shall determine on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date the applicable rate based on quotations 
of five Reference Banks (to be selected by and provided to the 
relevant Issuer) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in 
each case the relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing 
two T2 Business Days following the relevant Interest Determination 
Date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures with halves being rounded up) 
of such provided quotations. 
If, for any reason, the EUR CMS is no longer published or fewer 
than five quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the above paragraph, the Reference Rate will be 
determined by the relevant Issuer, acting in good faith and in a 
commercial and reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
this scenario, Condition 4(c) shall apply if a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(aa) 
subject to Condition 4(c), where “SONIA” is specified as the 
relevant Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, if, in respect 
of any Business Day, SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such Reference Rate shall be:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant Business 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, 
or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
Business Day on which the SONIA rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) or, if more recent, the latest 
rate determined under 1. above, 
and in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly, 
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other qualified and independent party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for 
the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available 
or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
(bb) 
subject to Condition 4(c), where “SOFR” is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, if, in respect of any 
Business Day, the Reference Rate is not available, such Reference 
Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed’s Website, and 
“r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
 (cc) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the application of the foregoing provisions, and a 
Benchmark Event has not occurred in accordance with Condition 
4(c), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes 
for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is

--- Page 68 ---
68 
specified as being SONIA or SOFR, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable 
and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if 
(solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant 
Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other qualified and independent party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
(ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or such other qualified 
and independent party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) sole discretion, and 
(iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  
 
(A)  
 
Subject to Condition 4(c)(B) below and notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 4(b), 
if the relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior 
to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
the Original Reference Rate, the relevant Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in 
any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint (at its own cost) an 
independent financial institution of international repute or an independent adviser of recognised 
standing with appropriate expertise (the “Independent Adviser”), which, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and as an independent expert in the performance of 
its duties, will advise the relevant Issuer as to whether a substitute or successor rate is available 
for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on 
such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the Original Reference Rate. If the 
Independent Adviser determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the 
Independent Adviser will advise the relevant Issuer accordingly. For these purposes, a rate that 
is formally recommended by a relevant central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority, a group 
of the aforesaid central banks, monetary authority or supervisory authority, or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) for the currency to which the 
Original Reference Rate relates or any supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate will be considered an industry 
accepted successor rate. It is further specified that if there are two or more industry successor 
rates recommended by the above-mentioned authority, institution or working groups, the 
Independent Adviser shall determine which of those successor rates is most appropriate for the 
purpose of formulating its advice to the relevant Issuer, having regard to, inter alia, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes, market practice or relevant precedents for such type of 
Notes and the nature of the relevant Issuer. Following the foregoing advice from the Independent 
Adviser, the relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) will determine a 
substitute or successor rate (such rate, the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for purposes of 
determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after such 
determination but not earlier than the actual discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate. 
Additionally, (i) the relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) will also 
determine changes (if any) to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the 
interest determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Original Reference Rate (including any 
Adjustment Spread), in each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices 
for such Replacement Reference Rate; (ii) references to the Original Reference Rate in the 
Conditions and the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be references 
to the Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate 
as described in (i) above; and (iii) the relevant Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices)) and the Paying 
Agent(s) specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (i) 
above. 
 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above 
by the relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, as applicable) will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Make-whole Calculation Agents, the Quotation Agents, the Paying Agent(s) and the 
Noteholders, unless the relevant Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner, considers at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in 
which case the relevant Issuer shall re-appoint an Independent Adviser (which may or may not 
be the same entity as the original Independent Adviser) for the purpose of advising the relevant 
Issuer on confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement 
Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this Condition 4(c).  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the relevant 
Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 4(c). No Noteholder consent shall 
be required in connection with effecting the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes 
pursuant to this Condition 4(c), including for the execution of any documents or other steps by 
the Paying Agent(s) (if required).  
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(c), if the relevant Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is unable to or otherwise does not 
advise the relevant Issuer a Replacement Reference Rate for any Interest Determination Date, 
no Replacement Reference Rate or any other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark 
or screen rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
will be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
 
(B)  
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 4(b), if the Original Reference Rate is SOFR 
and unless “Benchmark Transition Event” is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, 
when any required Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 
4(c)(B) shall apply instead of the application of Condition 4(c)(A) above. 
If the relevant Issuer or another entity appointed by the relevant Issuer determines on or prior to 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Original 
Reference Rate, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Original Reference Rate for all 
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 
4(c)(B) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement). 
Where this Condition 4(c)(B) applies, if the relevant Issuer considers it may be necessary to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to advise the relevant Issuer in determining (A) whether such Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes and the relevant Issuer shall, subject to giving irrevocable 
notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices)) and the Paying Agent(s), without any requirement for the consent or approval of

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the relevant Issuer or another entity 
appointed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(B), including any determination 
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion 
of the relevant Issuer or another entity appointed by the relevant Issuer, as applicable, acting in 
good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert on 
the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 4. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding 
(if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment 
Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be. Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded 
up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, 
which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country/ies of 
such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or 
be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of 
any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that 
the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole 
Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent, as applicable, shall, 
as soon as practicable, on such date as the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent or the 
Quotation Agent, as applicable, may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or 
make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the relevant Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s), the Make-whole Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date. 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines, in consultation

--- Page 72 ---
72 
with the relevant Issuer, and which is required to be applied to the substitute or successor rate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate, with the replacement rate and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to 
adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate, as applicable, or is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for transactions which reference the Reference Rate, or if no such 
recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and as an independent expert in the performance of its duty, determines 
to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate, with the replacement rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means, in the determination of the relevant Issuer, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate:  
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; and/or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original 
Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate); and/or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Reference Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the Reference Rate, has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference 
Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate); and/or 
(iv) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences; and/or 
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the relevant Issuer, the party responsible for determining the 
Original Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other qualified and independent 
party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payment due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as amended (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”)); and/or 
(vi) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer (or will no 
longer be) representative of an underlying market or that its method of calculation has 
significantly changed; and/or 
(vii) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Reference Rate has been adopted (for the avoidance of doubt, the authorisation or 
registration of the administrator of a benchmark shall not be considered to be withdrawn if the 
administration of such benchmark is transferred to another administrator that is so authorised or 
registered); and/or 
(viii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; and/or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(ix) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that the use of the Original Reference Rate will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; 
provided that,  
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) and (ii), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of the 
cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate;  
in the case of sub-paragraphs (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on or within six 
months preceding the date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and not the date 
of the relevant public statement;  
in the case of sub-paragraph (vi), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its underlying market or the methodology 
to calculate such Original Reference Rate has significantly changed; 
in the case of sub-paragraph (vii), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of the cessation 
of the publication of the Original Reference Rate; 
in the case of sub-paragraph (viii), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be discontinued; and 
in the case of sub-paragraph (ix), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the 
Original Reference Rate becomes subject to restrictions or adverse consequences. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the relevant Issuer as the 
replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the relevant Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the relevant Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to any interest period, interest accrual period, 
the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent

--- Page 74 ---
74 
with market practice (or, if the relevant Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the relevant Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) 
determines is reasonably necessary).  
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the Original 
Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” the later of (a) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the Relevant Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Relevant Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the 
Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference 
Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component) announcing that either the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) (i) is no longer representative, (ii) has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or (iii) its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the relevant Notes. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a T2 Business Day; and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify that the Reference Rate is “SOFR”, any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities (a “U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day”); and/or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(iv) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in 
this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“Floating Rate Convention” means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months  
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the specified period after the calendar month in which 
the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will  be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified  number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred. 
“Corresponding Tenor” means with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor (including overnight) having 
approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the Original 
Reference Rate. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual — ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual — ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the Interest Payment Date. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but excluding 
the next Determination Date; and 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) 
an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date or the relevant 
payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, shall mean the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on

--- Page 78 ---
78 
the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period 
forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period or the 
interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
(i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms on which interest will be paid for 
the relevant Tranche of Notes. If the Observation Method (i.e. the methodology set out in the relevant Final Terms) 
in respect of the applicable Tranche is specified as “Payment Delay”, all references to interest on the Notes being 
payable on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes being payable on an 
“Effective Interest Payment Date” instead, mutatis mutandis, which term shall mean such dates as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Specified Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Specified Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Specified 
Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Specified Interest Payment Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the Original 
Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest Determination Date to, 
but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date. 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York initially 
at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the Reference Rate originally set forth in the applicable Final Terms as 
Reference Rate. 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the relevant Series of Notes 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as selected by the relevant Issuer or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any Business Day in the 
Lock-out Period. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such on the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Note(s)” means a Note(s) denominated in Renminbi. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website, in each case on or about 8.00 a.m. (New 
York City Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day. 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day. 
“T2 Business Day” means any calendar day on which the T2 System is operating. 
“T2 system” means the Eurosystem’s real-time gross settlement system (known as T2) which utilises a single 
shared platform or any successor thereto. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent 
The relevant Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents, 
Make-whole Calculation Agents or Quotation Agents, if provision is made for them in the Final 
Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where 
more than one Calculation Agent, Make-whole Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent, is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent, shall be construed as each Calculation Agent, Make-
whole Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent, as applicable, performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
or the Quotation Agent, as applicable, fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the relevant Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation 
or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office

--- Page 80 ---
80 
or any other office actively involved in such market), the Make-whole Calculation Agent or the 
Quotation Agent, as applicable, to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent, the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent, may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. 
(l) 
RMB Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each 
Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
for the relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after 
confirmation by the relevant Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying 
Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination and Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 
9, the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the 
amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period 
or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
5 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5 each Note 
that provides for Instalment Dates (being one of the dates so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and Instalment Amounts (as so specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount. The outstanding nominal 
amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case 
of a Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon its becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be calculated as provided below.  
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Early Redemption Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
such rate as would produce an Early Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of 
the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon its becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except 
that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Early Redemption 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before 
and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after 
the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest 
that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(g). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the relevant Issuer or, in 
respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, the 
Guarantor would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of 
the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as 
specified under Condition 7 below, the relevant Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given 
not more than 45 nor less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due 
date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, could make 
payment of principal and interest without withholding for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the relevant Issuer or, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies 
Capital International, the Guarantor would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes be prevented by French law or by any official application or 
interpretation of such law from making payment to the Noteholders or Couponholders of the 
full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts 
contained in Condition 7 below, then the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Issuer shall upon 
giving not less than seven calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, any interest

--- Page 82 ---
82 
accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on 
which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, could make payment of the full 
amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire 
after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders 
shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be, could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of 
the Notes and (ii) 14 calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for redemption 
of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the relevant 
Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, on giving not less 
than 10 nor more than 40 calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders redeem, in relation to, all or, or if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, some only, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If a Make-whole Redemption by the relevant Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Issuer may, having given not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (a “Make-whole Redemption Notice”), (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a “Make-whole Redemption Date”)) redeem all, or if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, some only, of the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their Maturity Date (or 
the Call Option Date, if specified in the relevant Final Terms) at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount 
(the “Make-whole Redemption Option”). The relevant Issuer shall, not less than 15 calendar days before the 
giving of any notice referred to above, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Quotation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms of its decision to exercise the Make-whole 
Redemption Option. Not later than the Business Day immediately following the Calculation Date, the Make-
whole Calculation Agent shall notify the relevant Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and such other parties 
as may be specified in the Final Terms of the Make-whole Redemption Amount. All Notes in respect of which 
any Make-whole Redemption Notice is given shall be redeemed on the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date in 
accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark Rate” means the annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, 
with 0.0005% rounded upwards) displayed on the Reference Screen Rate as determined by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent or, if the Reference Screen Rate is not available, the average of the four quotations given by 
Reference Dealers to the Make-whole Calculation Agent on the Business Day immediately preceding the 
Calculation Date at market close of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (rounded to 
the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards). If the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding or the 
Reference Screen Rate does not quote the yield on the Reference Bond, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
relevant Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of international standing on the Business Day 
immediately preceding the Calculation Date and notified to the Make-whole Calculation Agent. The Benchmark 
Rate (and the reference to the Similar Security, if applicable) will be published by the relevant Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(j)) prior to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or financial services institution 
appointed by the relevant Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Margin” means the rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
“Make-whole Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency of 
the relevant Notes, determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of: 
(i) the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of such Note and (y) the sum of the present values 
as at the Make-whole Redemption Date of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Note (excluding any interest accruing on such Note from, and including, the 
Specified Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, 
immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date) up to and discounted from the Maturity Date (or Call Option Date, as 
applicable) to the Make-whole Redemption Date on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction 
at a rate equal to the Make-whole Redemption Rate; and 
(ii) any interest accrued but not paid on such Note from, and including, the Specified Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, immediately preceding such Make-
whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option pursuant to Condition 5(f) below is specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
if the relevant Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption Option before the Call 
Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Make-whole Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Make-whole Redemption Option will be calculated by substituting the Call Option Date for the Maturity Date 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining scheduled payment of interest shall be deemed to fall on the 
Call Option Date, and the amount of interest to be taken into account shall be the interest that would have accrued 
on the Notes on, and from, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Call Option Date, to but 
excluding, the Call Option Date. 
“Make-whole Redemption Rate” means the sum, as calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, of the 
Benchmark Rate and the Make-whole Margin. 
“Quotation Agent” means the relevant Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing, unless otherwise is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Bond” means the reference bond specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, failing which 
as selected from time to time by the Quotation Agent, at its sole discretion, which are primary European 
government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Screen Rate” means the screen rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference Bond having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed (assuming for 
this purpose only that, if the Make-Whole Redemption Date occurs prior to the Call Option Date, the Call Option 
Date) that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
(f) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to 
the Noteholders, at any time or from time to time, as from the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) which shall be no earlier than 180 days (or such other number of days as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) before the Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, redeem all, or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
some only, of the Notes then outstanding, at par (or at premium, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together 
with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of 
interest). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such notice in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(g) 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event

--- Page 84 ---
84 
If a Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an 
Acquisition Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders within the Acquisition Notice Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), at its option, redeem all, or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, some 
only, of the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such notice in 
accordance with this Condition. 
Concurrently with the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(g), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Noteholders a certificate of the relevant Issuer indicating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
an “Acquisition Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if the relevant Issuer (i) has not, on or prior to the 
Acquisition Longstop Date (as specified in the Final Terms), completed and closed the acquisition of the 
Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) has publicly announced that it no longer intends to 
pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target; and 
an “Acquisition Target” means the businesses, assets or entities specified in the relevant Final Terms that is the 
subject of the proposed acquisition. 
(h) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any higher 
percentage than that specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call Percentage”) of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of all Tranches of Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased by, or 
on behalf of, the relevant Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the relevant Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the 
Noteholders redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding, at par (or at premium, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) (the “Clean-up Call Price”) together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), provided that those Notes of such 
Series that are no longer outstanding have not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the relevant Issuer 
at the option of the relevant Issuer pursuant to any optional redemption as provided in Condition 5(d) above and/or 
any Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer as provided in Condition 5(e) above. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer shall, at the option of the 
holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 calendar days’ 
notice to the relevant Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholder’s option that may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (which 
must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a 
duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within 
the notice period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the relevant Issuer. 
(j) 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital 
International, and any of their subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. All Notes so purchased by the relevant Issuer in respect of Notes issued by 
TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International may be held and resold in

--- Page 85 ---
85 
accordance with Articles L. 213-0-1 and D. 213-0-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code for the purpose 
of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer, or, in respect of Notes issued by 
TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, the Guarantor, will forthwith be cancelled by 
surrendering such Notes together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the 
Fiscal Agent. Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. For so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of and listed on Euronext Paris, the relevant Issuer will forthwith 
inform Euronext Paris of any such cancellation. 
(l) 
Partial Redemption 
If “Partial Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in the case of partial redemption of 
Notes as provided in these Conditions, such partial redemption shall be in each case in the minimum aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes of at least Specified Denominations specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
multiples thereof, provided that the minimum aggregate nominal amount of the Notes remaining outstanding after 
such partial redemption shall be at least equal to the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, 
be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (the “Selection Date”) 
and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances taking account of prevailing market 
practices (and subject to compliance with stock exchange rules and other relevant requirements) and in the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented in global form, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and 
Clearstream (to be reflected, in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount in accordance with the rules and regulations of such clearing systems). In the case of redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the 
relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) 
the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(l) and notice to that effect shall be given by the relevant 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five (5) days prior to the Selection Date. 
6 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
General 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on 
the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(e)(vi)) 
or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 6(e)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, 
at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means 
a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong) or, 
in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be 
made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the 
relevant Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in 
the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts 
and (iii) such payment is then permitted by U.S. law, without involving, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the relevant Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation), all payments are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction, or any other laws or regulations to

--- Page 86 ---
86 
which the relevant Issuer or its agents are subject, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended, the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and their respective specified offices are listed below.  
Fiscal Agent 
Paying Agent 
Calculation Agent 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuers and, in respect 
of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, the Guarantor, and the Fiscal 
Agent, Paying Agents and Calculation Agent(s) do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The relevant Issuer and, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies 
Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuers shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, a Principal Paying 
Agent and a Calculation Agent having a specified office in a European city where the Conditions so require, (iii) 
a Paying Agent having a specified office in such city as shall be required by the rules of any exchange on which 
the Notes are listed from time to time. Notices of any such change or any change of specified office shall promptly 
be given as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders or another Calculation Agent in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) and, so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and if the rules 
applicable to such stock exchange so require, to such stock exchange. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (b) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, Notes should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing 
which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within 
a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note that is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts 
relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
relevant Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant 
Note. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of 
any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and, if necessary, another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but 
excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency (which, in the case of a payment in Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong); 
or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
(h) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity 
occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the relevant Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its 
control and such unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the relevant Issuer is 
unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the relevant 
Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30 calendar days irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to 
the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the 
U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent shall by itself constitute 
a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6(h) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. For the purposes of this 
Condition 6:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with 
the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other than as a 
result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the relevant Issuer in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the relevant Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the relevant Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue 
Date and it is impossible for the relevant Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule 
or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the relevant Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside 
Hong Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the relevant Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted 
by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is 
impossible for the relevant Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the relevant Issuer. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the relevant Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York 
City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days before the 
due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the 
purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement 
on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot 
Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available 
CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. 
Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money 
Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying 
a comparable currency exchange rate. 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the RMB Spot 
Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
7 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer in respect of 
the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
If French law should require that payments of principal of, or interest on, the Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
or payments under the Guarantee be subject to deduction or withholding with respect to any present or 
future taxes or duties whatsoever, the relevant Issuer or, failing whom, in respect of Notes issued by 
TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, the Guarantor will, to the fullest extent then

--- Page 89 ---
89 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders, or, if 
applicable the Receiptholders or the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment, 
as the case may be: 
(i) 
by a holder (or a third party on behalf of a holder) who is subject to such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of such holder having some connection with 
the Republic of France other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that such holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting such Note, Receipt or Coupon for 
payment on the last day of such period of 30 calendar days. 
References in these Conditions to “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the 
Note (or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to 
(i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole 
Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or 
“interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims against the relevant Issuer and, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies 
Capital International, the Guarantor, for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case 
of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
9 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) shall have occurred and be continuing, any Noteholder may 
give notice to the Fiscal Agent effective upon receipt by the Fiscal Agent that such Note is immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall 
become immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
if there is failure for more than 60 calendar days to make payment of any amount of principal of or 
interest on any of the Notes; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Issuer or, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital 
International, TotalEnergies Capital, TotalEnergies Capital International or the Guarantor shall fail fully 
to perform or observe any other term of the Notes required to be performed or observed by it and any 
such default shall continue for a period of 90 calendar days after written notice specifying such default 
and requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Issuer or, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital 
International, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or, in respect of Notes issued by the Guarantor, is the 
subject of a judgment issued for its judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire), or any other form of 
bankruptcy or liquidation proceedings is commenced involving the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be, or any judgment is issued for the transfer of the whole of its business (cession totale de 
l’entreprise), or if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is wound up or dissolved 
except in connection with a merger, provided that the entity resulting from such merger assumes the 
obligations resulting from the Notes; or 
(d) 
the relevant Issuer or, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital 
International, TotalEnergies Capital, TotalEnergies Capital International or the Guarantor ceases to carry 
on the whole or substantially the whole of its business; or

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(e) 
in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, the Guarantee 
is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
10 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders, either (i) physical, (ii) virtual 
or (iii) combined physical and virtual, to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning 
by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. 
Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment 
Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal 
amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the 
rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum 
and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, as a result of the 
application of Condition 6(h)), (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, or (viii) to modify or cancel the 
Guarantee, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 
75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not 
they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and for avoidance of doubt, the setting of a Replacement Reference Rate following 
a Benchmark Event in accordance with Condition 4(c) and any modifications or amendments that the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agents shall effect in order to implement the foregoing shall 
not be considered among the matters reserved for an Extraordinary Resolution and shall be made without the 
consent of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modifications Without the Consent of the Noteholders 
No consent of the Noteholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders is or will be required for any modification or 
amendment agreed by the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent for the purposes of, as determined by the relevant 
Issuer and in each case in the opinion of the relevant Issuer: (i) curing or correcting any ambiguity in any provision, 
or correcting any defective provision, of Notes or making a modification which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature; (ii) changing the terms and conditions of Notes in any manner that is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders, Couponholders, Receiptholders (provided that the proposed modification does not relate to a matter 
in respect of which an Extraordinary Resolution would be required if a meeting of Noteholders were held to 
consider such modification); (iii) correcting a manifest error; or (iv) complying with the mandatory provisions of 
applicable law. 
Any such modification shall be binding upon the Noteholders, Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
The relevant Issuer and, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, 
the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to 
be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
11 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) or such other Paying Agent as the case may 
be, as may from time to time be designated by the relevant Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation 
is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as 
the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the relevant Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the relevant Issuer in respect of such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as 
the relevant Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
12 
Further Issues 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
references in the conditions of such notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to 
“Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
13 
Notices 
Any notices to Noteholders will be valid if, at the election of the relevant Issuer, such notice is published (i) in a 
daily newspaper with general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), (ii) so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange from time to time, 
(iii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF or (iv) by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time 
being cleared.  
If any such publication referred to in (i) above is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe and, so long as the Notes 
are listed on any stock exchange other than Euronext Paris and the relevant rules applying to such listed Notes so 
require, (i) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where such stock exchange(s) 
is/are situated and (ii) otherwise in accordance with the rules and regulations of such stock exchange. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or delivery in the relevant 
place or, if published or delivered more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication or 
delivery as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition. 
14 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, as a result of the application of Condition 
6(h)) (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the 
insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or otherwise) by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor shall only 
constitute a discharge to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to the extent of the amount in 
the currency of payment under the relevant Note, Coupon or Receipt that the recipient is able to purchase with the 
amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not 
practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note, Coupon or 
Receipt, the relevant Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a 
result. In any event, the relevant Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify the recipient against the cost 
of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or 
Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been 
made.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the relevant Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s 
other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any 
indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any 
other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note, Coupon 
or Receipt or any other judgment or order. 
15 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999. 
16 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. However, in the 
event of insolvency of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, the ranking of the claim against the bankruptcy estate 
represented by the Notes and the Guarantee will be determined by the law of the centre of main interests of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable). 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with 
any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. Each 
of the Issuer and, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, the 
Guarantor irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any objection to Proceedings 
in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum. These submissions are made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction 
nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process 
Each of the Issuer and, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, 
the Guarantor irrevocably appoints TotalEnergies Holdings UK Limited of 18th Floor, 10 Upper Bank Street, 
London, E14 5BF as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings 
in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not it is 
forwarded to and received by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor). If for any reason such process agent ceases to 
be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably 
agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 13. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEEPLY SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) that, subject to completion in accordance 
with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms of Deeply Subordinated Notes, shall be applicable to the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each 
Series of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. The full text of these Conditions, together with the relevant provisions 
of Part A of the relevant Final Terms (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), 
shall be endorsed on such Deeply Subordinated Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be 
endorsed on the definitive Deeply Subordinated Notes. References in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all Deeply Subordinated Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated on or about 10 September 
2024 (as further amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”), between inter alia 
TotalEnergies SE (the “Issuer”), Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it 
and with the benefit of an Amended and Restated Deed of Covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated on or about 10 September 2024 executed by inter alia the Issuer in relation 
to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred 
to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal 
Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons 
(the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, 
talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which the 
principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. References to “Conditions” are, 
unless the context otherwise requires, to the numbered paragraphs below.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified offices 
of each of the Paying Agents. 
 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). The Notes 
will initially be issued in global form (Global Notes), but Notes may be issued in definitive form 
(Definitive Notes) on or after the first day following the expiry of 40 days after the relevant Issue Date, 
provided that, in the case of any Notes submitted for exchange for interests in the records of the clearing 
systems, there shall have been a certification delivered to the Fiscal Agent as to non-U.S. citizenship and 
residency of the relevant Noteholder as set forth on Schedules 5 and 6 of the Agency Agreement. 
For the purposes hereof a “Regulated Market” means a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
Notes in definitive form are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached in which case references to interest, Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable.  
Title to the Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and

--- Page 94 ---
94 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss, and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon 
or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon, and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
Status and Subordination of the Notes 
2.1 
Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Notes (which constitute obligations) are deeply subordinated notes (titres subordonnés de dernier 
rang) (“Deeply Subordinated Notes”) issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the 
French Code de commerce. The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons in respect of 
principal, interest and other amounts (including any Arrears of Interest) constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations (obligations dites “super subordonnées” i.e. 
engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) (“Deeply Subordinated Obligations”) of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or future 
Parity Securities, but subordinated to the prêts participatifs, if any, granted to the Issuer and titres 
participatifs, if any, issued by the Issuer, and Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and Unsubordinated 
Obligations of the Issuer. The Notes and Coupons shall rank in priority to any Junior Securities. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Junior Securities” means (a) the ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and (b) any other 
class of the Issuer’s share capital (including preference shares (actions de préférence)). 
“Ordinary Subordinated Obligations” means obligations, whether in the form of notes or otherwise, 
the principal, interest and other amounts due thereof, which constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank or are expressed to rank pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all other present or future ordinary subordinated obligations, 
behind Unsubordinated Obligations but in priority to prêts participatifs, if any, granted to, to titres 
participatifs, if any, issued by, and deeply subordinated obligations of, the Issuer, including the Notes. 
“Parity Securities” means (i) any securities or other similar instruments issued by, or obligations of, the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes3 and 
(ii) any securities or other similar instruments issued by a Subsidiary of the Issuer which have the benefit 
of a guarantee (or similar instrument) from the Issuer, which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu 
with the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. For avoidance of doubt, the relevant Parity Securities for 
the relevant Tranche of Notes (if different from the those set out in clause (i) hereof) will be set forth in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Subsidiary” means in relation to a company (the “Parent Company”) at any time, any other company 
in which the Parent Company holds more than fifty (50) per cent. of the share capital (as provided in 
article L.233-1 of the Code de Commerce) or any other company which is controlled directly or indirectly 
by the Parent Company within the meaning of article L.233-3 of the Code de Commerce. 
“Unsubordinated Obligations” means obligations, whether in the form of notes or otherwise, the 
principal, interest and other amounts due thereof, which constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without preference or priority 
 
3  
For the avoidance of doubt, as at the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, Parity Securities include the 
€2,500,000,000 Undated Non-Call 10 Year Deeply Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 26 February 
2015, the €1,500,000,000 Undated Non-Call 10 Year Deeply Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 
6 October 2016, the €1,000,000,000 Undated Non-Call 10 Year Deeply Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued 
on 4 September 2020, the €1,500,000,000 Undated Non-Call 7 Year Deeply Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes 
and the €1,500,000,000 Undated Non-Call 12 Year Deeply Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 
25 January 2021, the €750,000,000 Undated Non-Call 15 Year Deeply Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes and the 
€1,000,000,000 Undated Non-Call 5.25 Year Deeply Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 17 January 
2022.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) pari passu 
with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
 
2.2 
Payment on the Notes in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer 
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession 
totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement 
judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any 
other reason (and in all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency and where the resulting entity assumes the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes), the payments of the creditors of the Issuer shall be made in 
the following order of priority (in each case subject to the payment in full of priority creditors): 
• 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Unsubordinated Obligations);  
• 
ordinary subordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations); 
• 
lenders in relation to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer and titres participatifs issued by the 
Issuer; and 
• 
deeply subordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Deeply Subordinated Obligations 
and Noteholders). 
For such purposes, the rights of the Noteholders and the Couponholders will be calculated on the basis 
of the principal amount of the Notes together with any accrued interest on such principal amount and any 
Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amount thereon). 
In the event of liquidation of the Issuer, the Notes shall rank in priority to any payments to holders of 
Junior Securities. 
In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors and subordinated creditors ranking ahead 
of the claims of the holders of the Notes and/or the Coupons, the obligations of the Issuer in connection 
with any present or future Deeply Subordinated Obligations (including the Notes) shall be terminated.  
2.3 
Prohibition of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation 
or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in 
connection with the Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be deemed to 
have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention, subject to applicable laws. 
3 
No Negative Pledge 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
4 
Interest and deferral of interest 
4.1 
General 
Unless previously redeemed in accordance with Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) and subject to 
the further provisions of this Condition (in particular, but not limited to, Condition 4.5), the Notes shall 
bear interest on their principal amount at the following Interest Rate: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the First Interest Rate set forth in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the First Step-up Date at the First 
Reset Interest Rate set forth in the applicable Final Terms;  
(C) 
(i) if a Second Step-up Date is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, from (and including) 
the First Step-up Date at the Following Step-up Interest Rate set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii) if a Second Step-up Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, from (and 
including) the First Step-up Date until (but excluding) the Second Step-up Date at the First Step-
up Interest Rate set forth in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(D) 
if a Second Step-up Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, from (and including) the 
Second Step-up Date at the Following Step-up Interest Rate set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
and provided that each of the First Reset Interest Rate, the First Step-up Interest Rate, if applicable, and 
the Following Step-up Interest Rate shall never be less than zero. 
Each Interest Amount will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates in each year specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being an Interest Payment Date, subject to Condition 4.5. The first payment 
of interest will be made on the First Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
following the Interest Commencement Date. 
Promptly after the determination of the Reference Rate by it or the Independent Adviser, as the case may 
be, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Interest Rate for each Note and calculate the relevant 
Interest Amount. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Rate and the relevant Interest Amount payable per Note to 
be notified to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent and, if required by the rules of Euronext Paris or any other 
stock exchange on which Notes are listed from time to time, to such stock exchange, and to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) without undue delay, but, 
in any case, not later than on the fourth Business Day after its determination. 
4.2 
Calculation of the Interest Amount 
The amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable per Calculation Amount on each Note and on 
each Interest Payment Date will be the product as calculated by the Calculation Agent of the Calculation 
Amount and the applicable Interest Rate, multiplied by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure, if necessary, to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards).  
4.3 
Notifications, etc. to be final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4 (Interest and deferral 
of interest), whether by the Reference Banks (or any of them), the Calculation Agent or the Independent 
Adviser, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Independent Adviser, the Fiscal Agent and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
4.4 
Calculation Agent 
The Agency Agreement provides that the Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the 
Calculation Agent and appoint a substitute Calculation Agent provided that so long as any of the Notes 
remain outstanding, there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent for the purposes of the Notes having 
a specified office in a major European city. In the event of the appointed office of any bank being unable 
or unwilling to continue to act as the Calculation Agent or failing duly to determine the Interest Amount 
for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint the European office of another leading bank engaged in 
the Euro-zone or London interbank market to act in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties or be removed without a successor having been appointed. 
Notice of any change of Calculation Agent or any change of specified office shall promptly be given as 
soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with Condition

--- Page 97 ---
97 
14 (Notices) and, so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and if the rules applicable 
to such stock exchange so require, to such stock exchange. 
4.5 
Optional Interest Deferral 
Interest payments shall only be due and payable if the Issuer so elects, in accordance with the provisions 
of the following paragraphs. 
(a) 
Optional Interest Payment 
The Issuer may, at any time and at its sole discretion, elect to defer all or part of the payment of 
interest accrued on the Notes in respect of any Interest Period, except in relation to a payment 
of interest to be made on an Interest Payment Date falling on the date of redemption of the 
Notes, by giving notice of such election to the Noteholders and the Couponholders in 
accordance with paragraph (d) below. If the Issuer makes such an election, the Issuer shall have 
no obligation to make such payment and any such non-payment or partial payment of interest 
shall not constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the Notes. 
Any interest in respect of the Notes which has not been paid in accordance with this paragraph 
will be deferred and shall constitute “Arrears of Interest” and shall be payable as provided 
below. 
(b) 
Payment of Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount (as defined below)) may at 
the option of the Issuer be paid, in whole or in part, at any time, provided that all Arrears of 
Interest (together with the corresponding Additional Interest Amounts) in respect of all Notes 
for the time being outstanding shall become due and payable in whole, but not in part, on the 
date which is the earliest of: 
(A) 
the tenth (10th) Business Days following the occurrence of a Mandatory 
Payment Event; 
(B) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does 
not elect to defer all or part of the interest accrued in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
(C) 
the date on which the Notes are redeemed; or 
(D) 
the date upon which a judgment is made for the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole 
of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer subsequent to the 
opening of a judicial recovery (redressement judiciaire) or in the event of the 
voluntary dissolution of the Issuer, or in the event the Issuer is liquidated for 
any other reason (and in all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the 
context of an insolvency and where the resulting entity assumes the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes). 
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest as if it constituted the principal of the 
Notes at a rate which corresponds to the rate of interest from time to time applicable to the Notes 
(the “Arrears Interest Rate”) and the amount of such interest (the “Additional Interest 
Amount”) with respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and payable pursuant to this paragraph 
(b) and shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent applying the Arrears Interest Rate to the 
amount of the Arrears of Interest and otherwise mutatis mutandis as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition.  
The Additional Interest Amount accrued up to any Interest Payment Date shall be added in 
accordance with and to the extent permitted by applicable law to the amount of Arrears of 
Interest remaining unpaid on such Interest Payment Date so that it will itself become Arrears of 
Interest, for the purpose only of calculating the Additional Interest Amount accruing thereafter.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined term 
shall have the meaning set out below: 
“Mandatory Payment Event” means that: 
(i) 
a dividend (either interim or final), or any other distribution or payment (whether or not in cash) 
was validly resolved on, declared, paid or made in respect of any Junior Securities or Parity 
Securities, except where such dividend, distribution or payment was contractually required to 
be declared, paid or made under the terms of such Junior Securities or Parity Securities; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer has repurchased, purchased, redeemed or otherwise 
acquired any Junior Securities, except where (a) such repurchase, purchase, redemption or 
acquisition was undertaken pursuant to any share buyback programme in force and duly 
approved by its shareholders’ general meeting in connection with the satisfaction by the Issuer 
or any Subsidiary of the Issuer of its respective obligations under any employee shareholding 
programmes (including but not limited to any share purchase option plan, free share allocation 
plan, shares sold to employees through the Issuer savings funds or share capital increase) 
reserved for officers and/or employees of the Issuer’s group, or any associated hedging 
transaction, (b) such repurchase, purchase, redemption or acquisition was undertaken pursuant 
to the hedging of convertible securities or hedging of other equity-linked securities, (c) such 
repurchase, purchase, redemption or acquisition is contractually required to be made under the 
terms of such Junior Securities or (d) such repurchase, purchase, redemption or acquisition is 
made in connection with the satisfaction by the Issuer of its obligations under any existing or 
future liquidity agreement (contrat de liquidité) managed by an investment services provider to 
repurchase its share capital from such investment services provider; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer has repurchased, purchased, redeemed or otherwise 
acquired any Parity Securities, except where (a) such repurchase, purchase, redemption or 
acquisition is contractually required to be made under the terms of such Parity Securities or (b) 
such repurchase, purchase, redemption or acquisition is effected as a public tender offer or 
public exchange offer at a purchase price per security which is below its par value. 
provided that a Mandatory Payment Event shall not occur pursuant to paragraph (i) above in 
respect of any pro rata payment of deferred or arrears of interest on any Parity Securities which 
is made simultaneously with a pro rata payment of any Arrears of Interest and/or Additional 
Interest Amounts, provided further such pro rata payment of deferred or arrears of interest on 
a Parity Security is not proportionately more than the pro rata settlement of any such Arrears of 
Interest and/or Additional Interest Amounts. 
 
(c) 
Optional Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts:  
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts are paid in part: 
(A) 
all unpaid amounts of Arrears of Interest shall be payable before any 
Additional Interest Amounts; 
(B) 
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until full 
payment has been made of all Arrears of Interest that have accrued during any 
earlier period and the order of payment of Additional Interest Amounts shall 
follow that of the Arrears of Interest to which they relate; and 
(C) 
the amount of Arrears of Interest or Additional Interest Amounts payable in 
respect of any of the Notes in respect of any period, shall be pro rata to the 
total amount of all unpaid Arrears of Interest or, as the case may be, 
Additional Interest Amounts accrued on the Notes in respect of that period to 
the date of payment. 
(d) 
Notice of Deferral and Payment of Arrears of Interests

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Notice of (i) deferral of any interest under the Notes on any Interest Payment Date and (ii) any 
date upon which amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and/or Additional Interest Amounts 
shall become due and payable shall be given to the Noteholders and the Couponholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), and the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent at least 
five (5) Business Days in Paris and in London, but no more than thirty (30) Business Days in 
Paris and in London, prior to such Interest Payment Date or date. So long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to such stock exchange so require, 
notice of any such deferral shall also be given as soon as reasonably practicable to such stock 
exchange. 
4.6 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If the Issuer determines at any time prior to, on or following any Reset Interest Determination Date, a 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original Mid-Swap Rate, the Issuer will as soon 
as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Reset Interest Determination Date) 
appoint (at its own cost) an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise (the “Independent Adviser”), which, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and as an independent expert in the performance 
of its duties, will advise the Issuer as to whether a substitute or successor rate is available for purposes 
of determining the Mid-Swap Rate on each Reset Interest Determination Date falling on such date or 
thereafter that is substantially comparable to the Original Mid-Swap Rate. If the Independent Adviser 
determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Independent Adviser will advise the 
Issuer accordingly. For these purposes, a rate that is formally recommended by a relevant central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority, a group of the aforesaid central banks, monetary authority or 
supervisory authority, or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) for 
the currency to which the Original Mid-Swap Rate relates or any supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate will be considered an 
industry accepted successor rate. It is further specified that if there are two or more industry successor 
rates recommended by the above-mentioned authority, institution or working groups, the Independent 
Adviser shall determine which of those successor rates is most appropriate for the purpose of formulating 
its advice to the Issuer, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes, market 
practice or relevant precedents for such type of Notes and the nature of the Issuer. Following the 
foregoing advice from the Independent Adviser, the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) 
will determine a substitute or successor rate (such rate, the “Replacement Mid-Swap Rate”), for 
purposes of determining the Mid-Swap Rate on each Reset Interest Determination Date falling on or after 
such determination but not earlier than the actual discontinuation of the Original Mid-Swap Rate. 
Additionally, (i) the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) will also determine changes 
(if any) to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, 
the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, including any 
adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Mid-Swap Rate comparable to the Original Mid-
Swap Rate (including any Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread), in each case in a manner that is consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Mid-Swap Rate; (ii) references to the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate in the Conditions and the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed 
to be references to the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate as described in (i) above; and (iii) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable 
to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices)) and the Paying Agent(s) specifying the 
Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, as well as the details described in (i) above. 
The determination of the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate and the other matters referred to above by the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, as applicable) will (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agents, the 
Quotation Agents, the Paying Agent(s) and the Noteholders, unless the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner, considers at a later date that the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate is no 
longer substantially comparable to the Original Mid-Swap Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-appoint an Independent Adviser (which may or 
may not be the same entity as the original Independent Adviser) for the purpose of advising the Issuer 
on confirming the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Mid-Swap Rate 
in an identical manner as described in this Condition 4.6.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order 
to give effect to this Condition 4.6. No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting 
the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or such other changes pursuant to this Condition 4.6, including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the Paying Agent(s) (if required).  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.6, no Replacement Mid-Swap Rate will be 
adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any other related adjustments 
and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes be made, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (i) result in a reduction of the 
amount of “equity credit” assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency when compared to the “equity 
credit” assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Event from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise prejudice the eligibility of the Notes for “equity credit” 
from any Rating Agency. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.6, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is unable to or otherwise does not advise the Issuer a 
Replacement Mid-Swap Rate for any Reset Interest Determination Date, no Replacement Mid-Swap 
Rate or any other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the 
Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available 
on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
4.7 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms is: (A) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next calendar day that is a Business Day; (B) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next calendar day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or (C) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
4.8 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark Gilt” means, in relation to a Reset Period, such United Kingdom government security 
customarily used at the time of selection in the pricing of new issues with a similar tenor having an actual 
or interpolated maturity date on or about the last day of such Reset Period as the Issuer (on the advice of 
an investment bank of international repute) may determine to be appropriate following any guidance 
published by the International Capital Markets Association at the relevant time (if any). 
“Benchmark Gilt Dealing Day” means a day on which the London Stock Exchange plc (or such other 
market on which the Benchmark Gilt is at the relevant time admitted to trading) is ordinarily open for 
the trading of securities. 
“Benchmark Gilt Rate” means the Gross Redemption Yield on a semi-annual compounding basis 
(converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) of the Benchmark 
Gilt in respect of that Reset Period, with the price of the Benchmark Gilt for the purpose of determining 
the Gross Redemption Yield being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices of such Benchmark Gilt 
quoted by the Gilt Reference Banks at 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following Benchmark Gilt Dealing Day in London, or 
such basis as is customarily used at such time. Such quotations shall be obtained by or on behalf of the 
Issuer and provided to the Determination Agent. If at least four quotations are provided, the Benchmark 
Gilt Rate will be determined by reference to the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Benchmark Gilt Rate will be determined by reference to the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be determined by reference to 
the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the 
previous Benchmark Gilt Rate in respect of the preceding Reset Period or (in the case of the first Reset 
Period) the Initial Benchmark Gilt Rate determined on pricing as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Benchmark Gilt Rate shall be provided by the Determination Agent.  
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a T2 Business Day; 
(ii) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s), a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centre(s). 
“Business Day” means any calendar day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) which is a T2 Business 
Day. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“Floating Rate Convention” means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months  
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the specified period after the calendar month in which 
the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case 
it will  be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar 
month which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified  
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date 
occurred. 
“CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Rate Determination Date in relation to 
such Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity equal to 
the U.S. Treasury Original Maturity, as published in the H.15 under the caption “Treasury

--- Page 102 ---
102 
constant maturities (Nominal)”, as that yield is displayed, for the particular Reset Rate 
Determination Date, on the Bloomberg Screen; or 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in (i) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
Bloomberg Screen on such Reset Rate Determination Date, the yield for U.S. Treasury 
Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity equal to the U.S. Treasury Original 
Maturity as published in the H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)” 
for such Reset Rate Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in (ii) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such 
Reset Rate Determination Date, the Reset Reference Dealer Rate on such Reset Rate 
Determination Date. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual — ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual — ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, 
the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year

--- Page 104 ---
104 
where: 
“Determination Agent” means an independent leading investment, merchant or commercial bank or 
financial institution in London to be appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the 
Benchmark Gilt Rate. 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Early Redemption Price” means the price or prices provided in the applicable Final Terms upon the 
occurrence of the relevant event. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Interest Rate” means the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Interest Rate” means the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Step-up Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Step-up Interest Rate” means the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Step-up Margin” means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Following Step-up Interest Rate” means the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Gilt Reference Banks” means five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers selected by the 
Issuer. 
“Initial Margin” means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Initial Redemption Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms on which interest 
will be paid for the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the First Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
“Interest Rate” means any of the First Interest Rate, First Reset Interest Rate, if applicable, First Step-
up Interest Rate or Following Step-up Interest Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
relevant Tranche of Notes, as applicable. 
“Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines, in consultation with the Issuer, and which is required to be applied to the substitute or 
successor rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, with the replacement rate and is the spread, formula or methodology which is 
formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, or is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Mid-Swap Rate, or if no 
such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Independent Adviser 
determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Independent 
Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and as an independent expert in 
the performance of its duty, determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, with the replacement rate. 
“Mid-Swap Benchmark Event” means:  
(i) 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; and/or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Mid-Swap Rate); and/or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Mid-Swap Rate, or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Original Mid-Swap Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided 
that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate); and/or 
(iv) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate that means the Original Mid-Swap Rate has been or will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; and/or 
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other qualified and independent party specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payment due to 
be made to any Noteholder using the Original Mid-Swap Rate (including, without limitation, 
under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”));  
(vi) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate that the Original Mid-Swap Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of calculation has significantly 
changed;  
(vii) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Mid-Swap Rate has been adopted (for the avoidance of doubt, the authorisation or 
registration of the administrator of a benchmark shall not be considered to be withdrawn if the 
administration of such benchmark is transferred to another administrator that is so authorised or 
registered);

--- Page 106 ---
106 
(viii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate, that the Original Mid-Swap Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; and/or 
(ix) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate announcing that the use of the Original Mid-Swap Rate will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes 
provided that, in the case of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii), the Mid-Swap Benchmark Event shall occur on 
the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Mid-Swap Rate; in the case of sub-paragraphs (iii) 
and (iv), the Mid-Swap Benchmark Event shall occur on or within six months preceding the date of 
prohibition of use of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, and not the date of the relevant public statement; in 
the case of sub-paragraph (vi), the Mid-Swap Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate is no longer representative of its underlying market or the methodology to 
calculate such Original Mid-Swap Rate has significantly changed; in the case of sub-paragraph (vii), the 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of the publication of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate; in the case of sub-paragraph (viii), the Mid-Swap Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date on which the Original Mid-Swap Rate has been or will be discontinued; and in the case of sub-
paragraph (ix), the Mid-Swap Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate becomes subject to restrictions or adverse consequences. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means (i) where the Specified Currency is a currency other 
than euro, as set forth in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) where the Specified Currency is euro, 
EURIBOR. 
 “Mid-Swap Rate” means, subject to Condition 4.6 above, either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In the event that the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page on the relevant Reset 
Interest Determination Date, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Interest 
Determination Date. 
“Mid-Swap Rate Quotations” means the arithmetic mean of the mid-point between bid and offered 
rates for the annual fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of 
the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
which (i) has a term of Mid-Swap Rate Term commencing on the first day of the relevant Reset Period, 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Reference Rate (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Mid-Swap Rate Term” means the term for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Original Mid-Swap Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms as Reference Rate. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
“Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Mid-Swap Rate 
Quotations provided by at least five leading swap dealers in the interbank market as selected by the Issuer 
on the advice of an investment bank of international repute (the “Reference Banks”) at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (Central European time), on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date. The Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation. If two 
or more quotations are provided, the Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, 
eliminating, if at least three quotations are provided, the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only one 
or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer with such offered quotations, the Reference Bank 
Rate shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Central European time) at the 
request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent by major banks in the Specified Currency interbank market, 
selected by the Issuer, at which such banks offer, on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date, loans 
in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount to leading 
banks in the relevant market. If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be determined in accordance with this 
paragraph, the applicable Reference Bank Rate shall be equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available on the 
Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate; 
(ii) 
if Benchmark Gilt Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Benchmark Gilt 
Rate; or 
(iii) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the prevailing CMT Rate on the Reset 
Rate Determination Date. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date and the reset dates specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. 
“Reset Determination Date” means the day falling two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Reset Period. 
“Reset Interest Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. 
“Reset Period” means each period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Reset Date. 
“Reset Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of each Reset Period, the day falling five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Date. 
“Reset Reference Dealer Rate” means, on any Reset Rate Determination Date, the rate calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as being the arithmetic mean of mid-market annual yield to maturity quotation for 
Reset U.S. Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Rate

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Determination Date, of leading primary U.S. government securities dealers in New York City (each, a 
“U.S. Treasury Reference Dealer”). The Issuer will select five U.S. Treasury Reference Dealers to 
provide such quotation. If at least four quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Dealer Rate will be 
the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If 
only two or three quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Dealer Rate will be the arithmetic mean 
of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Dealer Rate will be 
the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Dealer Rate will be the 
previous Reset Reference Dealer Rate or (in the case of the first Reset Period) the Initial CMT Rate 
determined on pricing as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reset U.S. Treasury Securities” means, on any Reset Rate Determination Date, U.S. Treasury 
Securities with an U.S. Treasury Original Maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms, a remaining 
term to maturity of no more than one (1) year shorter than U.S. Treasury Original Maturity and in a 
principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such U.S. Treasury 
Securities in the New York City market. If two (2) U.S. Treasury Securities have remaining terms to 
maturity equally close to U.S. Treasury Original Maturity, the U.S. Treasury Security with the shorter 
remaining term to maturity will be used. 
“Second Step-up Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Second Step-up Margin” means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated. 
“T2 Business Day” means any calendar day on which the T2 System is operating. 
 “T2 System” means the Eurosystem’s real-time gross settlement system (known as T2) which utilises a 
single shared platform or any successor thereto. 
“U.S. Treasury Original Maturity” means the maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“U.S. Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States Treasury, 
issued other than on a discount rate basis. 
5 
Redemption and Purchase 
The Notes may not be redeemed otherwise than in accordance with this Condition. 
5.1 
Final Redemption 
Subject to any early redemption described below, the Notes will be undated securities with no specified 
maturity date. 
5.2 
Optional Redemption 
If an Optional Redemption at the option of the Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, some 
only, of the Notes at any time from and including the Initial Redemption Date to and including the First 
Reset Date or upon any Interest Payment Date thereafter subject to having given not less than ten (10) 
nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Such early redemption of the Notes will be made at their 
principal amount together with any accrued interest and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional 
Interest Amounts thereon). 
5.3 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If a Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders in accordance

--- Page 109 ---
109 
with Condition 14 (Notices) (a “Make-whole Redemption Notice”) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, the “Make-whole Redemption Date”)) 
redeem all, or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, some only, of the Notes then outstanding at any 
time other than during the period from and including the Initial Redemption Date to and including the 
First Reset Date or upon any subsequent Interest Payment Date at the Make-whole Redemption Amount 
(the “Make-whole Redemption Option”). The Issuer shall, not less than fifteen (15) calendar days 
before the giving of any notice referred to above, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Quotation Agent, the Make-
whole Calculation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms of its decision to 
exercise the Make-whole Redemption Option. No later than the Business Day immediately following the 
Calculation Date, the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms of the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount. All Notes in respect of which any Make-whole Redemption Notice is given shall 
be redeemed on the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark Rate” means the annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (rounded to the nearest 
0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) displayed on the Reference Screen Rate as determined by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent or, if the Reference Screen Rate is not available, the average of the four 
quotations given by Reference Dealers to the Make-whole Calculation Agent on the Business Day 
immediately preceding the Calculation Date at market close of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards). If the Reference 
Bond is no longer outstanding or the Reference Screen Rate does not quote the yield on the Reference 
Bond, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment 
bank of international standing on the Business Day immediately preceding the Calculation Date and 
notified to the Make-whole Calculation Agent. The Benchmark Rate (and the reference of the Similar 
Security if applicable) will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4) prior to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. 
“Gilt Yield Calculation” means on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office 
in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields” page 5, Section One: Price/Yield 
Formulae “Conventional Gilts”; “Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi- Coupon Date” (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 
16 March 2005, and as further updated or amended or supplemented from time to time) or if in the 
reasonable opinion of the Issuer such basis is no longer in customary market usage at such time, a gross 
redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, following 
consultation with the Determination Agent, as the case may be, on an annual compounding basis 
(rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places). 
“Gross Redemption Yield” on the Benchmark Gilt will be expressed as a percentage and will be 
calculated by the Determination Agent in accordance with the Gilt Yield Calculation. 
“Make-whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Margin” means the rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency of the relevant Notes, determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of: 
• 
the greater of (x) the principal amount of such Note and (y) the sum (rounding the resulting figure, 
if necessary, to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards)) of the present values as at the 
Make-whole Redemption Date of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
such Note (excluding any Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amount thereon and any 
interest accruing on such Note from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date or, as the case

--- Page 110 ---
110 
may be, the Issue Date, immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date to, but 
excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date) up to and discounted from (A) if the Make-whole 
Redemption Date occurs prior to the Initial Redemption Date, the Initial Redemption Date or (B) if 
the Make-whole Redemption Date occurs after the First Reset Date the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date, in each case, to such Make-whole Redemption Date on the basis of the relevant Day 
Count Fraction at a rate equal to the Make-whole Redemption Rate; and 
• 
any interest accrued and any Arrears of Interest (and Additional Interest Amount thereon) but not 
paid on such Note from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Issue Date, immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the Make-
whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Redemption Rate” means the sum, as calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, 
of the Benchmark Rate and the Make-whole Margin. 
“Quotation Agent” means the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing, unless otherwise is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Bond” means the reference bond specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, failing 
which as selected from time to time by the Quotation Agent, at its sole discretion, which are primary 
European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Screen Rate” means the screen rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference 
Bond having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be 
redeemed (assuming for this purpose only that the Notes mature: (A) if the Make-whole Redemption 
Date occurs prior to the Initial Redemption Date, on the Initial Redemption Date or (B) if the Make-
whole Redemption Date occurs after the First Reset Date, on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date) 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
5.4 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If Gross-Up Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if a Gross-Up Event 
shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at any time, subject to having given not more 
than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) calendar days’ (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) below, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes at the relevant Early Redemption Price together with interest 
accrued and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable Interest Payment 
Date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding or 
deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If Withholding Tax Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if a 
Withholding Tax Event shall occur after the Issue Date, then the Issuer shall forthwith give 
notice of such event to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may, at its option, upon giving not more 
than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) calendar days’ (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) below, redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes at the relevant Early Redemption Price together with interest 
accrued and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption on the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes without withholding or 
deduction for French taxes, or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
(iii) 
If Tax Deduction Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if a Tax 
Deduction Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time, 
subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) calendar days’ (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) below, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at the relevant Early Redemption 
Price together with interest accrued and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest 
Amounts thereon) to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, provided that the effective 
date of redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date preceding the effective date on which the tax regime of interest payments under 
the Notes is modified. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Gross-Up Event” means that by reason of a change in French law or regulation, or any change 
in the official application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, 
the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, not be able to 
make such payment without having to pay Additional Amounts. 
“Tax Deduction Event” means that an opinion of a recognised law firm of international 
standing has been delivered to the Issuer, stating that by reason of a change in French law or 
regulation, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law, becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments under the Notes is modified and 
such modification results in the part of the interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
that is tax-deductible being reduced. 
“Withholding Tax Event” means that the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment in 
respect of the Notes be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to 
pay Additional Amounts. 
5.5 
Redemption following an Accounting Event 
If an Accounting Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at its option redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at any time at the relevant Early Redemption Price together with interest accrued 
and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption subject to the Issuer having given the Noteholders and the Couponholders not less 
than ten (10), or more than sixty (60), calendar days’ (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) prior notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices). 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Accounting Event” means that a recognised accountancy firm, acting upon instructions of the Issuer, 
has delivered a letter or report to the Issuer, stating that as a result of a change in accounting principles 
or methodology (or in each case the application thereof) after the Issue Date (the earlier of such date that 
the aforementioned change is officially announced by the IFRS-IASB board or equivalent body of IFRS-
EU or officially adopted or put into practice, the “Accounting Event Adoption Date”), the Notes may 
not or may no longer be recorded as “equity” in full in any of the consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer pursuant to the application of either IFRS-IASB or IFRS-EU or any other accounting standards 
that may replace IFRS-IASB and/or IFRS-EU for the purposes of preparing the annual, semi-annual or 
quarterly consolidated financial statements of the Issuer. The Accounting Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred on the Accounting Event Adoption Date notwithstanding any later effective date. The period 
during which the Issuer may notify the redemption of the Notes as a result of the occurrence of an 
Accounting Event shall start on, and include, the Accounting Event Adoption Date. For the avoidance of 
doubt such period shall include any transitional period between the Accounting Event Adoption Date 
and the date on which it comes into effect.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
“IFRS” means the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (“IFRS-IASB”) and as adopted by the EU (“IFRS-EU”) or any other accounting 
standards that may replace IFRS-IASB and/or IFRS-EU for the purposes of preparing the annual, semi-
annual or quarterly consolidated financial statements of the Issuer. 
5.6 
Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating Event 
If an Equity Credit Rating Event shall occur on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at its option redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes at any time, subject to the Issuer having given the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders not less than ten (10), or more than sixty (60), calendar days’ (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) below, at the relevant Early Redemption Price together with 
interest accrued and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption.  
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Equity Credit Rating Event” means that the Issuer certifies in a notice signed by a senior authorised 
representative of the Issuer to the Noteholders that, due to any amendment, clarification or change in the 
hybrid capital methodology or a change in the interpretation thereof by any Rating Agency which has 
assigned solicited ratings to the Issuer, in each case occurring or becoming effective after the Issue Date, 
(i) all or any of the Notes will no longer be eligible (or if the Notes have been partially or fully refinanced 
since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for “equity credit” from such Rating Agency in part or in 
full as a result, all or any of the Notes that would no longer have been eligible as a result of such 
amendment, clarification, change in hybrid capital methodology or change in the interpretation had they 
not been re-financed) for the same or a higher amount of “equity credit” (or such other nomenclature that 
the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the 
characteristics of an ordinary share) attributed to the Notes at the Issue Date (or, if “equity credit” is not 
assigned to the Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which “equity 
credit” is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time) or (ii) the period of time during which the 
Notes are eligible for the same or a higher amount of “equity credit” attributed to the Notes at the Issue 
Date (or at the date on which “equity credit” is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time, as the 
case may be) is being shortened as compared to the period of time for which such Rating Agency assigned 
to the Notes that level of “equity credit” on the Issue Date (or at the date on which “equity credit” is 
assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time, as the case may be). 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: (1) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), (2) 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), and (3) any other rating agency of equivalent international 
standing solicited from time to time by the Issuer to grant a rating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and/or as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in each case, any of their respective 
successors to the rating business thereof. 
5.7 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any 
higher percentage than that specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call Percentage”) of 
the initial aggregate nominal amount of all Tranches of Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or 
purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) to the Noteholders redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding, at par or at 
premium, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call Price”) together with interest 
accrued and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption, provided that those Notes of such Series that are no longer outstanding 
have not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer at the option of the Issuer pursuant 
to any optional redemption as provided in Condition 5.2 (Optional Redemption) above and/or Condition 
5.3 (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer) above.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
5.8 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event 
If a Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the Issuer may, on giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
forty (40) calendar days’ (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders within the Acquisition Notice 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), at its option, redeem all, or if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, some only, of the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at the Acquisition Call 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued and 
Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but excluding, the date set 
for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
Concurrently with the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.8, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate of the Issuer indicating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
an “Acquisition Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer (i) has not, on or prior to the 
Acquisition Longstop Date (as specified in the Final Terms), completed and closed the acquisition of the 
Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) has publicly announced that it no longer 
intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target; and 
an “Acquisition Target” means the businesses, assets or entities specified in the relevant Final Terms 
that is the subject of the proposed acquisition. 
5.9 
Substitution and Variation 
If at any time after the Issue Date the Issuer determines that a Tax Deduction Event, a Gross-Up Event, 
a Withholding Tax Event, an Accounting Event or an Equity Credit Rating Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may, as an alternative to an early redemption of the Notes, at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders, (i) exchange the Notes for new notes (the “Exchanged Notes”), or 
(ii) vary the terms of the Notes (the “Varied Notes”), so that in either case (A) in the case of an 
Accounting Event, the aggregate nominal amount of the Exchanged Notes or Varied Notes (as the case 
may be) is recorded as “equity” to the maximum extent possible in the consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer pursuant to the application of IFRS, (B) in the case of a Gross-Up Event, payments of 
principal and interest in respect of the Exchanged Notes or Varied Notes (as the case may be) are not 
subject to deduction or withholding by reason of French law or published regulations, (C) in the case of 
a Withholding Tax Event, payments of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Exchanged 
Notes or Varied Notes (as the case may be) are not prevented by French law, (D) in the case of a Tax 
Deduction Event, payments of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Exchanged Notes or Varied 
Notes (as the case may be) are deductible to the extent permitted by the French law or (E) in the case of 
an Equity Credit Rating Event, to avoid any part of the aggregate principal amount of the Exchanged 
Notes or Varied Notes (as the case may be) which benefitted from equity credit by the relevant Rating 
Agency prior to the occurrence of the Equity Credit Rating Event being assigned a level of equity credit 
(or such other nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which 
an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) that is lower than the equity credit 
assigned on the Issue Date (or if equity credit is not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the 
equity credit is assigned for the first time).  
Any such exchange or variation shall be subject to the following conditions:  
(i) 
the Issuer giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty five (45) calendar days’ notice to 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices);

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(ii) 
the Issuer complying with the rules of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on 
which the Notes are for the time being admitted to trading, and (for so long as the rules of such 
exchange require) the publication of any appropriate listing particulars or offering circular in 
connection therewith, and the Exchanged Notes or Varied Notes continue to be admitted to 
trading on the same stock exchange as the Notes if they were admitted to trading immediately 
prior to the relevant exchange or variation; 
(iii) 
the Exchanged Notes or Varied Notes shall maintain the same ranking in liquidation, the same 
Interest Rate and interest payment dates, the same First Reset Date and early redemption rights 
(provided that the relevant exchange or variation may not itself trigger any early redemption 
right), the same rights to accrued interest or Arrears of Interest (including any Additional 
Interest Amount thereon) and any other amounts payable under the Notes which, in each case, 
has accrued to Noteholders or Couponholders and has not been paid, the same rights to principal 
and interest, and, if publicly rated by a Rating Agency immediately prior to such exchange or 
variation, at least the same credit rating immediately after such exchange or variation by both 
rating agencies if the Notes are publicly rated by both such rating agencies, or by the relevant 
such Rating Agency if the Notes are only rated by one such Rating Agency, as compared with 
the relevant rating(s) immediately prior to such exchange or variation (as determined by the 
Issuer using reasonable measures available to it including discussions with such Rating Agency 
to the extent practicable and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) and 
shall not contain terms providing for the mandatory deferral of interest and do not contain terms 
providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to shares;  
(iv) 
the terms of the exchange or variation not being prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
and Couponholders, including compliance with (iii) above, as certified to the benefit of the 
Noteholders and/or the Couponholders by two directors of the Issuer, having consulted with an 
independent investment bank of international standing (for the avoidance of doubt the Paying 
Agents shall accept the certificates of the Issuer as sufficient evidence of the occurrence of a 
Gross-Up Event, a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Deduction Event, an Accounting Event or an 
Equity Credit Rating Event and that such exchange or variation to the terms of the Notes are not 
prejudicial to the interest of the Noteholders or the Couponholders); and 
(v) 
the issue of legal opinions addressed to the Fiscal Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders from one or more international law firms of good reputation confirming (x) 
that the Issuer has capacity to assume all rights and obligations under the Exchanged Notes or 
Varied Notes and has obtained all necessary corporate or governmental authorisation to assume 
all such rights and obligations and (y) the legality, validity and enforceability of the Exchanged 
Notes or Varied Notes. 
5.10 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the 
open market or otherwise (including by way of tender or exchange offers) at any price in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations. All Notes purchased by, or for the account of, the Issuer may, at its 
sole discretion, be held and resold or cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
5.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are purchased for cancellation by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5 (Redemption 
and Purchase) will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
Any Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. 
5.12 
Partial Redemption 
If “Partial Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in the case of partial 
redemption of Notes as provided in these Conditions, such partial redemption shall be in each case in the 
minimum aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of at least Specified Denominations specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and multiples thereof, provided that the minimum aggregate nominal amount of the

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Notes remaining outstanding after such partial redemption shall be at least equal to the amount specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (the “Selection Date”) and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances taking account of prevailing market practices (and subject to compliance 
with stock exchange rules and other relevant requirements) and in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented in global form, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and Clearstream (to be 
reflected, in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount in accordance with the rules and regulations of such clearing systems). In the case of redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.12 and notice 
to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least five 
(5) days prior to the Selection Date. 
6 
Payments and Exchange of Talons  
6.1 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below, payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts) in respect of the Notes will be made in the relevant 
currency by credit or transfer to an account denominated in the relevant currency (or any other account 
to which the relevant currency may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
6.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation), all payments are subject in all cases to (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction, or any other laws or 
regulations to which the Issuer or its agents are subject, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as 
amended, the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
6.3 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of the Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Notes, and payments of interest (if any) in respect 
of the Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in 
respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the Issue Date shall be payable only against surrender of the Note. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
6.4 
Payments on Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions 
may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency 
(which, in the case of a payment in Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong); or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
6.5 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and Calculation Agent 
The names of the initial Agents and their specified offices are set out below: 
Fiscal Agent 
Paying Agent 
Calculation Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, 
Principal Paying Agent or Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents or approve any change in the office through which any such Agent acts, provided that 
there will at all times be (i) a Fiscal Agent, a Principal Paying Agent and a Calculation Agent having a 
specified office in a European city and (ii) a Paying Agent having a specified office in such city as shall 
be required by the rules of any exchange on which the Notes are listed from time to time. Notices of any 
such change or any change of specified office shall promptly be given as soon as reasonably practicable 
to the Noteholders or another Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and, so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and if the rules applicable to such stock exchange 
so require, to such stock exchange. 
6.6 
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
(iii) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Issue Date, as the case may 
be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of such Note. 
6.7 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and, if necessary, another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11 
(Prescription)). 
7 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Republic of France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
If applicable law should require that payments of principal or interest made by the Issuer in respect of 
any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature levied by the Republic of France, the 
Issuer, will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts (“Additional 
Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and/or the Couponholders, as the case may be, 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, 
as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or a Couponholder who is 
liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or  
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: presented for 
payment more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the thirtieth such day.  
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date 
seven calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions 
to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, the Early 
Redemption Price and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 
(Redemption and Purchase) or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, if any, all 
Arrears of Interest and all Additional Interest Amount) payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed 
to include any Additional Amounts that may be payable under this Condition.  
 
8 
Enforcement Events 
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. There is no cross default under the Notes. 
However, each Note shall become immediately due and payable at its principal amount, together with 
accrued interest thereon, if any, to the date of payment and any Arrears of Interest (including any 
Additional Interest Amounts thereon), in the event that a judgment is rendered by any competent court 
for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole 
of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial 
recovery (redressement judiciaire) procedure, or in the event of a voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or 
if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency and 
where the resulting entity assumes the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes). In the event of 
liquidation of the Issuer, no payments will be made to holders of any Junior Securities of the Issuer before 
all amounts due, but unpaid, to all Noteholders and/or Couponholders have been paid by the Issuer. 
9 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders, either (i) 
physical, (ii) virtual or (iii) combined physical and virtual, to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution

--- Page 118 ---
118 
shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, 
unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend 
the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable 
on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or 
to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Early Redemption Price, (v) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or 
denomination of the Notes, or (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at 
any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in 
which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be 
binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such 
resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and for avoidance of doubt, the setting of a Replacement 
Reference Rate following a Benchmark Event in accordance with Condition 4.6 and any 
modifications or amendments that the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agents shall effect 
in order to implement the foregoing shall not be considered among the matters reserved for an 
Extraordinary Resolution and shall be made without the consent of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modifications Without the Consent of the Noteholders 
No consent of the Noteholders is or will be required for any modification or amendment agreed 
by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent for the purposes of, as determined by the Issuer and in each 
case in the opinion of the Issuer: (i) curing or correcting any ambiguity in any provision, or 
correcting any defective provision, of Notes or making a modification which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature; (ii) changing the terms and conditions of Notes in any manner that is 
not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders (provided that the proposed modification does 
not relate to a matter in respect of which an Extraordinary Resolution would be required if a 
meeting of Noteholders were held to consider such modification); (iii) correcting a manifest 
error; or (iv) complying with the mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
Any such modification shall be binding upon the Noteholders and any such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(c) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could 
not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and/or the 
Couponholders. 
10 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as the case may be, as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, 
there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
11 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for the payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be prescribed and 
become void within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) and five (5) years (in the case of interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date. 
12 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
references in the conditions of such notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
13 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
14 
Notices 
Any notices to Noteholders will be valid if (i) published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos), (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Paris, in 
accordance with the rules of such Stock Exchange from time to time, (iii) in accordance with Articles 
221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF or (iv) by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared. 
If any such publication referred to in (i) above is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published 
in a leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe and, so long as the 
Notes are listed on any Stock Exchange other than Euronext Paris and the relevant rules applying to such 
listed Notes so require, (i) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where 
such Stock Exchange(s) is/are situated and (ii) otherwise in accordance with the rules and regulations of 
such Stock Exchange. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or delivery in the 
relevant place or, if published or delivered more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication or delivery as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition. 
15 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a)  
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law 
other than the provisions of Condition 2 (Status and Subordination of the Notes) which are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be 
brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on 
the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. These submissions 
are made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and 
shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent

--- Page 120 ---
120 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints TotalEnergies Holdings UK Limited, of 18th Floor 10 Upper 
Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5BF as its agent in England to receive, for it and on 
its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed 
completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by 
the Issuer). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has 
an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and 
shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global Notes will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global 
Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a depositary or a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with the depositary or Common Depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, or such other clearing system as the relevant Issuer, relevant Dealer or Agent shall 
agree, the relevant clearing system Euroclear or Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, 
the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers 
with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with 
any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or 
other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing system as the holder of 
a Note represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream or such clearing system (as the 
case may be) for such holder’s share of each payment made by the relevant Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes, subject to and in accordance with the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such 
persons shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so 
long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date: 
(i) 
where the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note have been issued in an integral multiple of 
the Specified Denomination, if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive 
Notes defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, 
for Definitive Notes. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date in 
whole but not, except as provided under “—Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part for Definitive 
Notes:

--- Page 122 ---
122 
(i) 
if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream or any other clearing system 
(an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent 
of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only. 
A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a 
Definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it 
holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing system 
permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for Definitive Notes 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may surrender 
such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the relevant Issuer will (i) in the case 
of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a 
Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary 
Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement 
of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN, the relevant Issuer will procure that details of such 
exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Notes for which such Global 
Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest 
or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be 
security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in 
the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, 
the relevant Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together 
with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 calendar days, 
or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 calendar days, after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. In the event 
that a further Tranche of Notes is issued in respect of any Series of Notes pursuant to Condition 13 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes which is to be consolidated with one or more previously issued Tranches of such Series prior to the 
Exchange Date relating to the Temporary Global Note representing the most recently previously issued Tranche 
of such Series, such Exchange Date may be extended until the Exchange Date with respect to such further Tranche 
provided that in no event shall such first-mentioned Exchange Date be extended beyond the date which is five 
calendar days prior to the first Interest Payment Date (if any) falling after such first-mentioned Exchange Date. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they 
represent, some of which differ from the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus. The following is a summary of those provisions:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for an interest 
in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any Temporary 
Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made against 
presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All 
payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for 
endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for 
such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global 
Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. 
If the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of payments of principal, the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note 
will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will 
discharge the relevant Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the 
relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a 
Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in 
the Conditions. 
Prescription 
Claims against the relevant Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global Note will become 
void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 of the Senior Notes and Condition 
11 of the Deeply Subordinated Notes). 
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note shall (unless such Permanent Global Note represents only one Note) be 
treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any 
such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by a reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant 
Permanent Global Note. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, in 
respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International or any of their respective 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment 
Amounts (if any) thereon. 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the relevant Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not 
be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and 
accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the relevant Issuer is exercised 
in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in 
respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) 
or any other clearing system (as the case may be). 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global Note giving notice to the Fiscal

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions 
substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required 
to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the 
nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the Permanent 
Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that 
details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
NGN Nominal Amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out 
above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in 
respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be 
adjusted accordingly. 
Events of Default and Enforcement Events 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become due and 
repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 of the Senior Notes and Condition 8 of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is 
becoming due and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note 
may elect for direct enforcement rights against the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor under the terms of an 
Amended and Restated Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor on or about 
10 September 2024 (as amended or supplemented from time to time) to come into effect in relation to the whole 
or a part of such Global Note in favour of the persons/entitled to such part of such Global Note as accountholders 
with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note will become void as to 
the specified portion. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system 
for communication by it to entitled accountholders or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Paris or on any other stock exchange, in accordance 
with the rules of such Stock Exchange from time to time. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of any nominee for a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the relevant Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all 
purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting 
for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and 
Receipts whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the relevant Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the relevant Issuer by accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note or, where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf 
of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is 
ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds directly with the accountholder or via one or more 
intermediaries and provided that, in each case, the relevant Issuer obtained commercially reasonable evidence to 
ascertain the validity of such holding and have taken reasonable steps to ensure that such holding does not alter 
following the giving of such consent or instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any resolution 
passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or

--- Page 125 ---
125 
instruction proves to be defective. As used in this paragraph, “commercially reasonable evidence” includes any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream or any other relevant clearing system, or issued by 
an accountholder of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of interests in the Notes. 
Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline 
system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal 
amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The relevant Issuer shall not 
be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not 
authentic.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be used to finance the general corporate purposes of the relevant 
Issuer. If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
If Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the use of 
proceeds for acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms will also state the potential use for general corporate purposes if the 
Acquisition Event occurs but the relevant Issuer elects not to use the Redemption following an Acquisition Event.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
DESCRIPTION OF TOTALENERGIES 
For a description of the TotalEnergies, see pages 6 to 9, 10 to 11 and 70 to 127 of the TotalEnergies 2023 URD 
incorporated by reference into this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
History and development 
TotalEnergies SE is a French European company (Societas Europaea or SE) originally incorporated on 28 March 
1924 as a société anonyme (limited company) which converted into a European company on 16 July 2020. Its 
corporate existence is through 28 March 2119, unless otherwise extended in accordance with applicable law. 
TotalEnergies SE’s history started in 1924 with the creation of the Compagnie française des Pétroles (CFP), 
which began its oil production activities in the Middle East at this time. Over the years, TotalEnergies SE has 
diversified its activities and opened sites around the world by positioning itself in the gas, refining and 
petrochemical segments and the distribution of petroleum products, solar power, sustainable biofuels and 
electricity. In early 1999, the company took over PetroFina S.A. and in early 2000 it took over Elf Aquitaine. 
Since the repeal in 2002 of the decree of 13 December 1993 that established a golden share of Elf Aquitaine held 
by the French government, there are no longer any agreements or regulatory provisions governing shareholding 
relationships between TotalEnergies SE and the French government. 
With a presence in 120 countries, TotalEnergies SE is a broad energy company that produces and markets fuels, 
natural gas and electricity. TotalEnergies’ model of value creation is based on integration across the energy value 
chain, from exploration and production of oil, gas and electricity to energy distribution to the end customer, and 
including refining, liquefaction, petrochemicals, trading, and energy transportation and storage. As of 31 
December 2023, TotalEnergies’ organization is centred around five business segments: Exploration & Production, 
Integrated LNG, Integrated Power, Refining & Chemicals and Marketing & Services. 
The company’s corporate name is TotalEnergies SE, effective as of 28 May 2021 upon the adoption of a resolution 
at the annual general meeting of shareholders to change the name from TOTAL SE to TotalEnergies SE.  
TotalEnergies SE’s registered office is 2, place Jean Millier, La Défense 6, 92400 Courbevoie, France. 
Its telephone number is +33 1 47 44 45 46 and the website address is www.totalenergies.com. 
TotalEnergies SE is registered in France at the Nanterre Trade Register under the registration number 542 051 
180.  
Strategy 
TotalEnergies’ raison d’être is to supply to as many people as possible a more affordable, more available and 
cleaner energy. As a supporting component of society’s evolutions, energy is a fundamental resource for 
economic, social and human development, which currently faces a twofold challenge: satisfying the energy needs 
of an ever-growing world population while reducing global warming. TotalEnergies’ raison d’être is rooted in 
that challenge. TotalEnergies’ intention in becoming a broad energy company is to help meet that challenge in a 
responsible way. 
TotalEnergies’ strategy consists in transforming itself into a broad energy company by profitably growing its 
energy production, particularly from liquefied natural gas and electricity, the two fastest growing energy markets, 
to create long-term value for shareholders. 
In particular, TotalEnergies’ strategy calls for: 
– 
expanding its presence across the value chain for natural gas, renewable gas and hydrogen; 
– 
pursuing further growth in the renewables market, expanding its power generation and distribution 
capacity alike; 
– 
focusing on the most resilient oil projects, meaning those with the lowest breakeven point, and 
prioritizing value over volume while ensuring that its capex allocation is consistent with its climate 
ambition, as well as adapting refining capacity and sales to changing demand, particularly in Europe, and 
increasing its biofuels production and sales; and

--- Page 128 ---
128 
– 
investing in two major carbon sink solutions: natural carbon sinks and carbon capture and storage (CCS), 
as well as R&D programmes to develop negative emissions technologies. 
Share capital 
Share capital as of 30 June 2024 
€5,994,199,152.50 consisting of 2,397,679,661 fully paid ordinary shares with a par value of €2.50 per share 
(including 87,791,389 treasury shares). 
Features of the shares 
There is only one class of shares, par value €2.50. The shares are in bearer or registered form at the shareholder’s 
discretion. The shares are in book-entry form and registered in an account. 
Indebtedness 
Since 30 June 2024, there has been no material change in the consolidated indebtedness of the Guarantor, except 
that on 10 September 2024, TotalEnergies SE guaranteed the issuance by TotalEnergies Capital of $750,000,000 
principal amount of 4.724% notes due 2034, $1,000,000,000 principal amount of 5.275% notes due 2054 and 
$1,250,000,000 principal amount of 5.425% notes due 2064 pursuant to a public offering in the United States 
registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Objects and purposes of TotalEnergies SE 
The direct and indirect purpose of the company is to conduct all activities relating to production and distribution 
of all forms of energy, including electricity from renewable energies; search for and extract mining deposits, and 
particularly hydrocarbons in all forms, and to perform manufacturing, refining, transportation, processing and 
trading in said materials, as well as their derivatives and by-products; and conduct all activities relating to the 
chemicals sector in all of its forms, as well as all activities relating to the rubber sector. The complete details of 
the company’s corporate purpose are set forth in Article 3 of the by-laws.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL 
Introduction 
TotalEnergies Capital was originally incorporated in France on 15 December 1999 as a société anonyme governed 
by French law (with registered number 428 292 023 at the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of Nanterre). Its 
corporate existence is fixed by its by-laws for 99 years beginning from 15 December 1999. TotalEnergies Capital 
is a direct and wholly-owned subsidiary of TotalEnergies SE, other than six shares held by directors of 
TotalEnergies Capital. 
TotalEnergies Capital has an authorised and issued capital of €300,000 consisting of 30,000 fully paid-up ordinary 
shares of €10 each, all held beneficially by TotalEnergies SE (other than shares held by directors of TotalEnergies 
Capital). 
Business Activities 
TotalEnergies Capital acts as a finance company on behalf of TotalEnergies by issuing debt securities and 
commercial paper. The development of the business of TotalEnergies Capital is largely determined by the financial 
requirements of TotalEnergies both in France and abroad. TotalEnergies Capital developed its short-term activities 
at the end of the second quarter of 2001 and its long-term activities in the first quarter of 2002. 
TotalEnergies Capital has no subsidiaries. 
TotalEnergies Capital’s registered office is located at 2, place Jean Millier, La Défense 6, 92400 Courbevoie, 
France, Tel: +33 (0) 1 47 44 60 00. 
Directors 
As at the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the directors of TotalEnergies Capital and their 
positions, business addresses and principal activities outside TotalEnergies are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Address 
Principal 
Activities 
outside 
TotalEnergies 
Eric Bozec .........................................................  
Chairman 
2, place Jean Miller 
La Défense 6, 92400 
Courbevoie, France 
None 
Jean-Pierre Sbraire .............................................  
Director 
2, place Jean Miller 
La Défense 6, 92400 
Courbevoie, France 
None 
Gwénola Jan ......................................................  
Director 
2, place Jean Miller 
La Défense 6, 92400 
Courbevoie, France 
None 
Elodie Lepoutre .................................................  
Director 
2, place Jean Miller 
La Défense 6, 92400 
Courbevoie, France 
None 
Conflict of interest 
To the knowledge of TotalEnergies Capital, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the 
issuing entity of the persons above and their private interests and or other duties. 
Objects and purposes of TotalEnergies Capital 
The following information is a free translation of article 3 of the French language original memorandum and 
articles of association of TotalEnergies Capital setting forth the corporate purpose of TotalEnergies Capital: 
• 
Raising funds, in any currencies, on any markets and by any means, with a view to contributing to the 
financing of the companies of the group to which it belongs.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
• 
The funds collected in this way will be assigned to financing group companies in all appropriate forms, 
particularly by way of assistance, loans, advances or overdrafts, with or without guarantee. 
• 
It may also grant any guarantee, endorsement, security or surety, or letter of support to the benefit of 
third parties in favour of the said group companies. 
• 
The activity defined above shall be carried out solely within the group, in favour of the companies 
belonging to the group, to the exclusion of any other. 
• 
TotalEnergies Capital may also optimise its cash management by making all transactions on the markets 
or with banks. 
In addition, it shall be entitled to manage the cash of all or part of TotalEnergies’ companies, constitute and 
manage a portfolio of securities, holdings or claims, and more generally, either alone or in participation with third 
parties, render any services, carry out any administrative, financial, industrial and commercial operations and 
operations relating to movables and immovables, including, if appropriate, creation of companies or acquisition 
of holdings and any companies, existing or to be created, relating directly or indirectly to the purpose defined 
above.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL 
Introduction 
TotalEnergies Capital International was originally incorporated in France on 13 December 2004 as a société 
anonyme governed by French law (with registered number 479 858 854 at the Registre du Commerce et des 
Sociétés of Nanterre). Its corporate existence is fixed by its by-laws for 99 years beginning from 13 December 
2004. TotalEnergies Capital International is a direct and wholly-owned subsidiary of TotalEnergies SE, other than 
five shares held by directors of TotalEnergies Capital International. 
TotalEnergies Capital International has an authorised and issued capital of €300,000 consisting of 30,000 fully 
paid-up ordinary shares of €10 each, all held beneficially by TotalEnergies SE (other than shares held by directors 
of TotalEnergies Capital International). 
Business Activities 
TotalEnergies Capital International acts as a finance company on behalf of TotalEnergies by issuing debt 
securities. The development of the business of TotalEnergies Capital International is largely determined by the 
financial requirements of TotalEnergies companies both in France and abroad. 
TotalEnergies Capital International has no subsidiaries. 
TotalEnergies Capital International’s registered office is located at 2, place Jean Millier, La Défense 6, 92400 
Courbevoie, France, Tel: +33 (0) 1 47 44 60 00. 
Directors 
As at the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the directors of TotalEnergies Capital International, 
each of whose business address is 2, place Jean Millier, La Défense 6, 92400 Courbevoie, France and their 
positions are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Address 
Principal 
Activities 
outside 
TotalEnergies 
Jean-Pierre Sbraire .............................................  
Chairman 
2, place Jean Miller 
La Défense 6, 92400 
Courbevoie, France 
None 
Eric Bozec .........................................................  
Director 
2, place Jean Miller 
La Défense 6, 92400 
Courbevoie, France 
None 
Gwénola Jan ......................................................  
Director 
2, place Jean Miller 
La Défense 6, 92400 
Courbevoie, France 
None 
Elodie Lepoutre .................................................  
Director 
2, place Jean Miller 
La Défense 6, 92400 
Courbevoie, France 
None 
Conflict of interest 
To the knowledge of TotalEnergies Capital International, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any 
duties to the issuing entity of the persons above and their private interests and or other duties.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Objects and purposes of TotalEnergies Capital International 
The following information is a free translation of article 3 of the French language original memorandum and 
articles of association of TotalEnergies Capital International setting forth the corporate purpose of TotalEnergies 
Capital International: 
• 
Raising funds, in any currencies, on any markets and by any means, with a view to contributing to the 
financing of the companies of the group to which it belongs. 
• 
The funds collected in this way will be assigned to financing group companies in all appropriate forms, 
particularly by way of assistance, loans, advances or overdrafts, with or without guarantee. 
• 
It may also grant any guarantee, endorsement, security or surety, or letter of support to the benefit of 
third parties in favour of the group companies. 
• 
The company may also optimise its cash management by making all transactions on the markets or with 
banks. 
In addition, it shall be entitled to manage the cash of all or part of TotalEnergies companies, constitute and manage 
a portfolio of securities, holdings or claims, and more generally, either alone or in participation with third parties, 
render any services, carry out any administrative, financial, industrial and commercial operations and operations 
relating to movables and immovables, including, if appropriate, the creation of companies or acquisition of 
holdings and any companies, existing or to be created, relating directly or indirectly to the purpose defined above.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
India: TotalEnergies to Invest in a New Solar Portfolio of over 1 GW with Adani Green 
On 3 September 2024, TotalEnergies and Adani Green Energy Limited (AGEL) have entered into an agreement 
to create a new joint venture, equally owned by TotalEnergies and AGEL, with a 1,150 MWac (1,575 MWp) solar 
portfolio in Khavda in Gujarat. 
The electricity generated by the solar projects will be sold through Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) signed 
with the federal government agency, Solar Energy Corporation of India (SECI), and through sales on the 
wholesale market. This new transaction will allow TotalEnergies to capitalize on the ongoing liberalization of the 
Indian electricity market. 
This will strengthen TotalEnergies’ strategic alliance with AGEL, allowing it to support the company in becoming 
a global renewable leader as it targets 50 GW of renewable power capacity by 2030. AGEL already operates over 
11 GW of solar and wind capacity in India. 
AGEL will contribute to the joint venture with assets and TotalEnergies will provide an equity investment of 
$444m to support their development. The signing and completion of the transaction is subject to the approval of 
AGEL’s shareholders and satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory 
approvals. 
Khavda: the world’s largest renewable energy plant 
AGEL (19.75% owned by TotalEnergies), is developing the world’s largest renewable energy site in the Khavda 
region (Gujarat). Spanning over 538 km², five times the size of Paris, the site will boast solar and wind capacity 
of 30 GW. Of this, 2 GW has already been operationalized by AGEL. Once completed, Khavda will generate 
enough electricity to power the equivalent of 16 million homes in India. 
United States: TotalEnergies Invests in Sustainable Forestry Operations to Preserve Sustainable Carbon 
Sinks 
On 30 August 2024, TotalEnergies has signed a $100 million agreement with Anew Climate, a North American 
leader in climate solutions, and Aurora Sustainable Lands, a carbon-stewardship company and forest landowner 
in the U.S. to deploy their projects aimed at protecting productive forests from heavy timber harvesting, advancing 
conversion to sustainable management practices, and enhancing their ability to store more carbon from the 
atmosphere. The investment supports Improved Forest Management (IFM) practices across a portfolio of 20 
carbon projects, covering 300,000 hectares in 10 states across the U.S. (Arkansas, Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, 
Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Virginia, West Virginia, and Wisconsin). Anew Climate and Aurora Sustainable 
Lands will provide operational oversight to ensure the carbon projects meet the highest standards of additionality 
and durability. 
The environmental benefits expected from this improved forest management include the preservation of natural 
carbon sinks by reducing timber harvesting, as well as water and soil quality improvement, biodiversity protection 
and natural habitat conservation. The carbon credits generated will be acquired by TotalEnergies and retired 
beyond 2030. After prioritizing emission avoidance and reduction, the Company will use these credits to 
voluntarily offset part of its remaining direct Scope 1 & 2 emissions. 
TotalEnergies supports the U.S government Voluntary Carbon Markets Principles 
TotalEnergies welcomes the Voluntary Carbon Markets Joint Policy Statement and Principles guide issued by 
U.S. government on 28 May 2024. The Company’s actions in nature-based solutions are aligned with these 
Principles, particularly those focused on integrity, transparency and environmental protection. 
“We are thrilled to partner with such experienced specialists as Anew Climate and Aurora Sustainable Lands, who 
develop high-quality projects aimed at the sustainable preservation of natural carbon sinks which is essential to 
achieve carbon neutrality,” said Adrien Henry, Vice President Nature Based Solutions at TotalEnergies 
Exploration & Production. “TotalEnergies has very positively received the U.S. government’s recently published 
guiding principles on Voluntary Carbon Markets and is committed to follow them to contribute to strengthening 
integrity and transparency in these markets, as demonstrated by this partnership.”

--- Page 134 ---
134 
“Anew Climate is honored to partner with TotalEnergies on their journey to reach carbon neutrality,” said Angela 
Schwarz, Anew Climate CEO. “As we worked closely with the TotalEnergies Nature Based Solutions team 
throughout the stringent due diligence process, it was clear that their commitment to avoiding and reducing 
emissions as a first principle while recognizing the co-benefits of investing in meaningful carbon projects as part 
of a comprehensive climate action strategy aligned perfectly with Anew’s mission. We have a shared belief that 
an ‘all of the above’ strategy is required to achieve meaningful climate impact.” 
“Aurora’s carbon stewardship enhances climate resilience while safeguarding vital ecosystems across our 
forestlands,” said Jamie Houston, CEO of Aurora Sustainable Lands. “Thanks to TotalEnergies’ steadfast trust 
and investment across our portfolio, we can maintain the delicate balance between forest health, soil quality, 
watersheds, and wildlife habitats. Together we are yielding substantial and lasting climate impact at a massive 
scale.” 
 
 
United Kingdom: TotalEnergies launches a floating offshore wind pilot project to supply renewable 
electricity to an offshore oil & gas platform in the North Sea 
On 29 August 2024, TotalEnergies announced the launch of a pilot project consisting in a floating wind turbine 
to supply renewable power to Culzean offshore platform in the UK North Sea, thus pioneering an innovative 
decarbonization scheme. 
The 3 MW floating wind turbine will be located 2 km west of the Culzean platform, 220 km off the eastern coast 
of Scotland. This turbine, expected to be fully operational by end 2025, will supply around 20% of Culzean’s 
power requirement, thereby reducing its GHG emissions. The turbine will be installed on a modular, light semi-
submersible floater hull designed by Ocergy, allowing for fast assembly and optimized costs. 
“This innovative pilot project aims at proving the concept of hybridization of power generation on an offshore 
facility, by integrating the generation of renewable electricity from a floating wind turbine with the existing power 
generation from gas turbines. It also aims at qualifying a promising floater design for the future of floating offshore 
wind”, said Marie-Noelle Semeria, Chief Technology Officer at TotalEnergies.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
This pilot project was selected in Crown Estate Scotland’s Innovation and Targeted Oil & Gas (INTOG) leasing 
round, designed to encourage and support the use of offshore wind energy to directly supply offshore oil & gas 
platforms. 
Appointments to the Executive Committee at TotalEnergies 
On 26 August 2024 – Effective 1 September 2024: 
• 
Bernard PINATEL, currently President Refining & Chemicals, was appointed President Downstream 
and President Marketing & Services, member of the Executive Committee. 
• 
Vincent STOQUART, currently senior vice president Renewables was appointed President Refining & 
Chemicals, member of the Executive Committee. 
Effective 1 September 2024, TotalEnergies’ Executive Committee will comprise: 
• 
Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Aurélien Hamelle, President for Strategy & Sustainability 
• 
Helle Kristoffersen, President Asia 
• 
Stéphane Michel, President of Gas, Renewables and Power 
• 
Bernard Pinatel, President Downstream and President Marketing & Services 
• 
Jean-Pierre Sbraire, Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Namita Shah, President, OneTech 
• 
Vincent Stoquart, President Refining & Chemicals 
• 
Nicolas Terraz, President, Exploration & Production 
United States: First Oil from the Anchor field in Gulf of Mexico 
On 12 August 2024, TotalEnergies announced the start of production from the Anchor field, located in the US 
Gulf of Mexico, in which the Company has a 37.14% interest alongside operator Chevron (62.86%). 
Located 225 kilometres off the Louisiana coast, Anchor, which development was launched in December 2019, 
consists of a system of subsea wells connected to a semi-submersible floating production unit (FPU) with a 
production capacity of 75,000 barrels of oil per day and 28 million cubic feet of gas per day. At plateau, Anchor 
will represent close to 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d) net for TotalEnergies. The Anchor FPU has 
been designed to minimize greenhouse gas emissions through an all-electric configuration, with electric motors 
and electronic controls, and the utilization of waste heat and vapor recovery technologies. 
“The start-up of Anchor is a new milestone in the deployment of TotalEnergies’ integrated energy model in the 
US, combining the development of oil projects with a high leverage to price and a low emissions intensity and 
growth in Integrated LNG and Integrated Power. Delivered safely, on time and within budget, this project will 
contribute to the Company’s free cash flow growth trajectory” said Nicolas Terraz, President, Exploration & 
Production at TotalEnergies. 
TotalEnergies sells its shares in Total Parco in Pakistan 
On 6 August 2024, TotalEnergies has signed an agreement to sell its 50% stake in Total PARCO Pakistan Limited 
(TPPL) to Gunvor Group, a leading global commodities trading company. The transaction reflects the selective 
strategy of TotalEnergies in Marketing & Services focused on core geographies with growth and transitioning 
opportunities. 
TPPL is a 50/50 joint venture between TotalEnergies Marketing and Services and Pak-Arab Refinery Limited 
(PARCO) in Pakistan with a retail network of more than 800 service stations, fuel logistics, and lubricants 
activities.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
The new entity will continue its retail business under the existing “Total Parco” brand, and its lubricants business 
under the “Total” brand for five years in Pakistan, continuing to serve its customers. 
The acquisition remains subject to authorization by the relevant authorities and related agreements. 
Second quarter 2024 results 
With close to $10 billion adjusted net income in the first half, TotalEnergies advances its balanced transition 
strategy, with the support from its employees and shareholders 
 
4 
Paris, 25 July 2024 – The Board of Directors of TotalEnergies SE, chaired by CEO Patrick Pouyanné, met on 24 
July 2024, to approve the second quarter 2024 financial statements. On the occasion, Patrick Pouyanné said: 
“TotalEnergies generated robust financial results in the second quarter, with adjusted net income of $4.7 billion 
and cash flow of $7.8 billion resulting in first half adjusted net income and cash flow of close to $10 billion and 
$16 billion, respectively.  
During the first half of 2024, TotalEnergies has completed important steps in advancing the balanced transition 
strategy presented to shareholders at our Investor Day in September 2023:  
- 
within the Oil & Gas pillar, TotalEnergies took final investment decision on several Upstream projects 
that are the stepping stones to achieve its objectives of growing upstream production by 2-3%/year and 
growing underlying cash flow: Kaminho in Angola, Sépia 2 and Atapu 2 in Brazil, Marsa LNG in Oman 
and the Ubeta gas project in Nigeria that supplies Nigeria LNG;  
- 
within the Integrated Power pillar, TotalEnergies has fortified its Integrated Power portfolio with the 
acquisition of several flexible assets that allow the Company to extract maximum value out of its 
renewable assets in three key markets: CCGTs in Texas and the UK, and a renewables aggregator and 
battery developer in Germany.  
During the second quarter, upstream production was 2.44 Mboe/d, benefiting from high availability of production 
facilities. Exploration & Production posted $2.7 billion of adjusted net operating income and $4.4 billion of cash 
flow, in line with the evolution of the oil and gas price environment. The Company further highgraded its portfolio, 
notably through acquisitions in Malaysia and deep offshore Congo, and divestments of mature assets in Nigeria, 
Congo, the UK and in Brunei.  
Integrated LNG posted adjusted net operating income and cash flow of $1.2 billion this quarter, reflecting the 
average LNG price. TotalEnergies actively continues to increase medium-term oil exposure within its LNG 
portfolio by signing two new mid-term Brent-indexed LNG sales contracts in Asia for 1.3 Mt/y.  
Integrated Power reported adjusted net operating income of $0.5 billion and cash flow of $0.6 billion with a 
return on capital employed above 10%. First half 2024 cash flow is $1.3 billion, in line with the annual guidance 
of more than $2.5 billion.  
Downstream posted adjusted net operating income of $1.0 billion and cash flow of $1.8 billion, wherein the less 
favorable refining margin environment was partially compensated by higher refinery utilization and sequential 
results from marketing activities benefitting from cheaper supply.  
 
(1) 
Refer to Glossary for the definitions and further information on alternative performance measures (Non-GAAP measures) 
and infra and following for reconciliation tables

--- Page 137 ---
137 
During the quarter, TotalEnergies successfully issued conventional senior bonds on the US market totaling $4.25 
billion, with a 27-year average maturity. The Board of Directors decided to retain flexibility on the format of its 
senior bonds issuances while also prioritizing long maturity.  
Comforted by robust results at mid-year, in line with 2024 objectives, the Board of Directors decided to maintain 
the second interim dividend at 0.79 €/share for fiscal year 2024, an increase close to 7% compared to 2023, and 
authorized the Company to buy back shares for up to $2 billion in the third quarter of 2024.  
The Board also highlighted the recent success of the Capital increase reserved for employees, which brings 
TotalEnergies’ employee ownership to more than 8% of the Company’s share capital, and the strong shareholder 
support for all the resolutions submitted to vote at the Annual General Meeting.” 
 
1. 
Highlights(2)5 
Social and environmental responsibility 
• Ambition of giving access to clean cooking to 100 million people in Africa and India by 2030, announced at 
the Clean Cooking Summit organized by the IEA in Paris,  
• Partnership with SLB on digital innovation and solarization, for a more sustainable energy 
Upstream 
• Production start-up of Eldfisk North and Kristin South in Norway 
• Launch of Kaminho, a 70,000 b/d oil project in the Kwanza basin, in Angola  
• Launch of Sépia 2 and Atapu 2, two 225,000 b/d oil projects in Brazil  
• Agreement on field development areas and securing of the FPSO hull in Block 58 in Suriname, key milestones 
toward a Final Investment Decision that is expected in the second half of 2024  
• Agreements with OMV and Sapura Upstream Assets to acquire 100% of SapuraOMV, an independent gas 
producer and operator, in Malaysia  
• Agreement with Trident Energy for the acquisition of an additional 10% interest in the Moho field and disposal 
of Nkossa in Congo  
• Agreement with Chappal Energies for the divestment from the 10% interest in the SPDC JV in Nigeria, while 
retaining gas economical interest to ensure NLNG gas supply  
• Agreement with Hibiscus Petroleum Berhad for the divestment of the subsidiary in Brunei  
• Agreement with The Prax Group for the divestment from the West of Shetland gas assets in the United 
Kingdom  
• Acquisition of an interest in an offshore exploration block, in Sao Tome and Principe 
Downstream 
• Acquisition of Tecoil, a lubricant used oil regeneration specialist based in Finland 
Integrated LNG 
• Launch of the 1 Mt/y Marsa LNG project, a fully electrified and very low-emission (3 kg CO2/boe) LNG plant 
in Oman, supplied by a 300 MW solar farm  
• Entry in Ruwais LNG, a low-emission LNG project in the United Arab Emirates  
• Launch of the Ubeta onshore gas development to supply Nigeria LNG  
• Acquisition of interests in the Dorado leases in the Eagle Ford shale gas play in Texas  
• Signature of two LNG contracts to Asia: 0.8 Mt/y over 10 years to IOCL in India and 0.5 Mt/y over 5 years to 
Korea South East Power in South Korea 
Integrated Power 
• Acquisition of a 1.3 GW gross capacity CCGT in the United Kingdom  
• Award of a maritime lease to develop a 1.5 GW offshore wind farm in Germany  
• Launch of a 100 MW battery storage project developed by Kyon Energy in Germany  
• Launch of a joint-venture with SSE to grow electric mobility in the UK and Ireland 
Decarbonization and low-carbon molecules 
• Agreement with Air Products for delivery of 70 kt/y of green hydrogen over 15 years, in the large-scale tender 
launched by the Company to decarbonize its European refineries  
 
(2) 
Some of the transactions mentioned in the highlights remain subject to the agreement of the authorities or to the fulfilment 
of conditions precedent under the terms of the agreements.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
• Acquisition of 50% of a 795 MW offshore wind farm in the Netherlands, to produce green hydrogen to 
decarbonize TotalEnergies’ European refineries  
 
 
2. 
Key figures from TotalEnergies’ consolidated financial statements (1)6 
 
 
(3)  Effective tax rate = (tax on adjusted net operating income) / (adjusted net operating income – income from equity affiliates 
– dividends received from investments – impairment of goodwill + tax on adjusted net operating income).  
(4) 
In accordance with IFRS rules, adjusted fully-diluted earnings per share is calculated from the adjusted net income less 
the interest on the perpetual subordinated bonds.  
(5) 
Average €-$ exchange rate: 1.0767 in the 2nd quarter 2024, 1.0858 in the 1st quarter 2024, 1.0887 in the 2nd quarter 2023, 
1.0813 in the 1st half 2024 and 1.0807 in the 1st half 2023.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
3. 
Key figures of environment, greenhouse gas emissions and production7 
3.1 
Environment – liquids and gas price realizations, refining margins 
 
3.2 
Greenhouse gas emissions (11) 
 
Scope 1+2 emissions from operated installations were down 6% quarter-to-quarter, thanks to the continuous 
decline in flaring emissions on Exploration & Production facilities and to the lower gas-fired power plants 
utilization rate in Europe in a context of lower demand. 
 
(6)  Does not include oil, gas and LNG trading activities, respectively.  
(7) 
Sales in $ / Sales in volume for consolidated affiliates.  
(8) 
Sales in $ / Sales in volume for consolidated affiliates.  
(9) 
Sales in $ / Sales in volume for consolidated and equity affiliates.  
(10) This market indicator for European refining, calculated based on public market prices ($/t), uses a basket of crudes, 
petroleum product yields and variable costs representative of the European refining system of TotalEnergies.  
(11) The six greenhouse gases in the Kyoto protocol, namely CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs and SF6, with their respective 
GWP (Global Warming Potential) as described in the 2007 IPCC report. HFCs, PFCs and SF6 are virtually absent from 
the Company’s emissions or are considered as non-material and are therefore not counted.  
(12) Scope 1+2 GHG emissions of operated facilities are defined as the sum of direct emissions of greenhouse gases from 
sites or activities that are included in the scope of reporting (as defined in the Company’s 2023 Universal Registration 
Document) and indirect emissions attributable to brought-in energy (electricity, heat, steam), excluding purchased 
industrial gases (H2).  
(13) TotalEnergies reports Scope 3 GHG emissions, category 11, which correspond to indirect GHG emissions related to the 
end use of energy products sold to the Company’s customers, i.e., from their combustion, i.e., combustion of the products 
to obtain energy. The Company follows the oil & gas industry reporting guidelines published by IPIECA, which comply 
with the GHG Protocol methodologies. In order to avoid double counting, this methodology accounts for the largest 
volume in the oil, biofuels and gas value chains, i.e., the higher of the two production volumes or sales. The highest point 
for each value chain for 2024 will be evaluated considering realizations over the full year, TotalEnergies gradually 
providing quarterly estimates.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
3.3 
Production (14)8 
 
Hydrocarbon production was 2,441 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter 2024, down 
1% quarter-to-quarter, due to higher planned maintenance, notably in the North Sea.  
Hydrocarbon production in the second quarter 2024 was up 3% year-on-year (excluding Canada) and was 
comprised of:  
• +2% due to projects start-ups and ramp-ups, including Mero 2 in Brazil, Block 10 in Oman, Tommeliten Alpha 
and Eldfisk North in Norway, Akpo West in Nigeria and Absheron in Azerbaijan,  
• +1% portfolio effect related to entry in the producing fields of Ratawi in Iraq and Dorado in the United States, 
partially offset by the divestment from Dunga in Kazakhstan,  
• +3% due to the higher availability of production facilities,  
• -3% due to the natural field decline.  
 
When taking into account the Canadian oil sands assets disposals, production was down 1% year-on-year. 
 
(14)  Company production = E&P production + Integrated LNG production.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
4. 
Analysis of business segments9 
4.1 
Exploration & Production 
4.1.1 
Production 
 
4.1.2 
Results 
 
Exploration & Production adjusted net operating income was $2,667 million in the second quarter 2024, up 5% 
quarter-to-quarter, driven by higher oil prices that were partially compensated by lower gas realizations and 
production.  
Cash flow from operations excluding working capital (CFFO) was $4,353 million in the second quarter 2024, 
down 3% quarter-to-quarter. The difference in quarterly variation between adjusted net operating income and 
CFFO is mainly linked to the tax impact of an overlift position at the end of the quarter in Norway. 
 
(15)  Effective tax rate = (tax on adjusted net operating income) / (adjusted net operating income – income from equity affiliates 
– dividends received from investments – impairment of goodwill + tax on adjusted net operating income).

--- Page 142 ---
142 
4.2 
Integrated LNG 
4.2.1 
Production 
 
Hydrocarbon production for LNG in the second quarter 2024 was up 1% quarter-to-quarter, notably linked to the 
entry into the Dorado gas field (Eagle Ford basin) in the United States early in the second quarter 2024.  
LNG sales decreased by 18% quarter-to-quarter, notably due to lower spot purchases, in a context of lower LNG 
demand in Europe. 
4.2.2 
Results 
 
Integrated LNG adjusted net operating income was $1,152 million in the second quarter 2024, down 6% quarter-
to-quarter, linked to lower LNG prices and sales. Moreover, gas trading did not fully benefit in markets 
characterized by lower volatility than during first half of 2023.  
Cash flow from operations excluding working capital (CFFO) was $1,220 million in the second quarter 2024, 
down 9% quarter-to-quarter, for the same reasons.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
4.3 
Integrated Power 
4.3.1 
Productions, capacities, clients and sales 
 
Net power production was 9.1 TWh in the second quarter 2024, down 5% quarter-to-quarter and linked to lower 
production from flexible gas assets due to lower demand in Europe, partially compensated by production from 
renewable sources, which was up 13%.  
Gross installed renewable power generation capacity reached 24.0 GW at the end of the second quarter 2024, up 
0.5 GW quarter-to-quarter and including 0.2 GW installed in the United States and 0.2 GW in India. 
 
4.3.2 
Results 
 
Integrated Power adjusted net operating income was $502 million in the second quarter 2024, up 12% yearon-
year, reflecting activity growth. The decrease in adjusted net operating income quarter-to-quarter reflects in 
particular the seasonality of electricity demand in Europe.  
Cash flow from operations excluding working capital (CFFO) was $623 million, up 27% year-on-year and down 
10% quarter-to-quarter, for the same reasons.  
Integrated Power adjusted net operating income was $1,113 million in the first half 2024, up 36% year-on-year 
reflecting activity growth.  
Cash flow from operations excluding working capital (CFFO) was $1,315 million, up 41% year-on-year, for the 
same reason.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
4.4 
Downstream (Refining & Chemicals and Marketing & Services) 
4.4.1 
Results 
 
 
4.5 
Refining & Chemicals 
4.5.1 
Refinery and petrochemicals throughput and utilization rates 
 
Refining throughput was up 6% quarter-to-quarter in the second quarter, mainly due to lower planned 
maintenance. Utilization rate was 84.5% in the second quarter 2024.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
4.5.2 
Results 
 
Refining & Chemicals adjusted net operating income was $639 million in the second quarter 2024, down 34% 
quarter-to-quarter, due to lower refining margins mainly in Europe (ERM was down 37% quarter-to-quarter) and 
the Middle East that were partially compensated by the increase in the refineries’ utilization rate.  
Cash flow from operations excluding working capital (CFFO) was $1,117 million, down 13% quarter-to-quarter, 
for the same reasons. 
 
4.6 
Marketing & Services 
4.6.1 
Petroleum product sales 
 
Sales of petroleum products in the second quarter 2024 were down year-on-year by 2%, mainly due to lower diesel 
demand in Europe that was partially compensated by higher activity in the aviation business. 
4.6.2 
Results 
 
Marketing & Services adjusted net operating income was $379 million for the second quarter 2024, up 49% 
quarter-to-quarter, benefiting from higher margins due to lower refining margins.  
Cash flow from operations excluding working capital (CFFO) was $659 million in the second quarter 2024, up 
38% quarter-to-quarter for the same reason.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
5. 
TotalEnergies results 
5.1 
Adjusted net operating income from business segments 
Adjusted net operating income from business segments was:  
• $5,339 million in the second quarter 2024 versus $5,600 million in the first quarter 2024, mainly due to lower 
refining margins,  
• $10,939 million in the first half 2024 versus $12,575 million in the first half 2023, linked to lower refining 
margins, and lower gas and LNG prices. 
 
5.2 
Adjusted net income (1) (TotalEnergies share) 
TotalEnergies adjusted net income was $4,672 million in the second quarter 2024 versus $5,112 million in the 
first quarter 2024, mainly due to lower refining margins.  
Adjusted net income excludes the after-tax inventory effect, special items and the impact of changes in fair value.  
Adjustments to net income were ($885) million in the second quarter 2024 consisting mainly of ($0.3) billion in 
inventory effects and ($0.3) billion in effects of changes in fair value.  
TotalEnergies’ average tax rate was:  
• 40.4% in the second quarter 2024 versus 37.8% in the first quarter 2024, notably due to the increase in the 
relative weight of Upstream in the Company’s results,  
• 39.0% in the first half 2024 versus 39.7% a year ago, notably due to a lower Exploration & Production tax rate 
that is linked to lower European gas prices. 
 
5.3 
Adjusted earnings per share 
Adjusted diluted net earnings per share were:  
• $1.98 in the second quarter 2024, based on 2,328 million weighted average diluted shares, compared to $2.14 
in the first quarter 2024,  
• $4.14 in the first half 2024, based on 2,333 million weighted average diluted shares, compared to $4.61 a year 
ago,  
As of 30 June 2024, the number of diluted shares was 2,328 million.  
TotalEnergies repurchased:  
• 28.1 million shares in the second quarter 2024 for $2 billion,  
• 58.7 million shares in the first half 2024 for $4 billion. 
 
5.4 
Acquisitions – asset sales 
Acquisitions were:  
• $544 million in the second quarter 2024, primarily related to the acquisitions of a 20% interest in the Dorado 
gas field in the United States and of the German renewable energy aggregator Quadra Energy,  
• $1,618 million in the first half 2024, related to the above elements as well as the acquisition of 1.5 GW of 
flexible gas capacity in Texas, battery storage developer Kyon in Germany, and Talos Low Carbon Solutions, 
in the carbon storage industry in the United States.  
 
Divestments were  
• $324 million in the second quarter 2024, primarily related to the farmdown of the Seagreen offshore wind 
farm in the United Kingdom and the sale of petrochemical assets in Lavera, France,  
• $1,898 million in the first half 2024, related to the above elements as well as the closing of the retail network 
transaction with Alimentation Couche-Tard in Belgium, Luxemburg, and the Netherlands, and the sale of a 
15% interest in Absheron, in Azerbaijan.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
5.5 
Net cash flow (1) 
TotalEnergies’ net cash flow was:  
• $3,147 million in the second quarter 2024 compared to $4,596 million in the first quarter 2024, reflecting the 
$391 million decrease in CFFO and the $1,058 million increase in net investments to $4,630 million in the 
second quarter 2024,  
• $7,743 million in the first half 2024 compared to $7,095 million a year ago, reflecting the $2,161 million 
decrease in CFFO and the $2,809 million decrease in net investments to $8,202 million in the first half 2024,  
2024 second quarter cash flow from operating activities was $9,007 million versus CFFO of $7,777 million, and 
was impacted by a decrease in working capital of $1.2 billion, mainly due to:  
• $0.5 billion stock effect at the end of the quarter,  
• ($1.7) billion decrease in working capital, of which ($0.6) billion linked to the seasonality of the gas and power 
retail business. 
 
5.6 
Profitability 
Return on equity was 18.7% for the twelve months ended 30 June 2024. 
 
Return on average capital employed (1) was 16.6% for the twelve months ended 30 June 2024. 
 
6. 
TotalEnergies SE statutory accounts 
Net income for TotalEnergies SE, the parent company, amounted to:  
• €4,555 million in the second quarter 2024, compared to €4,851 million in the second quarter 2023,  
• €7,965 million in the first half 2024, compared to €7,040 million in the first half 2023, 
 
7. 
Annual 2024 Sensitivities (16) 10 
 
 
(16)  Sensitivities are revised once per year upon publication of the previous year’s fourth quarter results. Sensitivities are 
estimates based on assumptions about TotalEnergies’ portfolio in 2024. Actual results could vary significantly from 
estimates based on the application of these sensitivities. The impact of the $-€ sensitivity on adjusted net operating income 
is essentially attributable to Refining & Chemicals.  
(17)  In a 80 $/b Brent environment.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
8. 
Outlook 
Brent prices remain above $80/b at the start of the third quarter, with the OPEC+ countries having declared in 
early June 2024 the intention to continue their policy to sustain a stable oil market.  
Global refining margins, which have sharply decreased since the end of the first quarter 2024, remain impacted 
by low diesel demand in Europe, as well as by the market normalization following the disruption in Russian 
supply.  
Given the lower seasonal demand in Europe, European gas prices are expected to be between $8 and $10/Mbtu in 
the third quarter 2024. However, in a context of supply tensions, Asian LNG prices are above $12/Mbtu, supported 
by higher demand, notably in China and India. Given the evolution of oil and gas prices in recent months and the 
lag effect on price formulas, TotalEnergies anticipates that its average LNG selling price should be around 
$10/Mbtu in the third quarter 2024.  
Third quarter 2024 hydrocarbon production is expected to be between 2.4 and 2.45 Mboe/d. Start-up of Anchor, 
in the US Gulf of Mexico, is expected in the third quarter.  
The third quarter 2024 refining utilization rate is anticipated to be above 85%, benefiting from the restart of the 
Donges refinery in France.  
The Company confirms net investments guidance of $17-$18 billion in 2024, of which $5 billion are dedicated to 
Integrated Power.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
9. 
Operating information by segment 
9.1 
Company’s production (Exploration & Production + Integrated LNG)

--- Page 150 ---
150 
9.2 
Downstream (Refining & Chemicals and Marketing & Services)

--- Page 151 ---
151 
9.3 
Integrated Power 11 
9.3.1 
Net power production 
 
9.3.2 
Installed power generation net capacity 
 
 
(18) End-of-period data.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
9.3.3 
Power generation gross capacity from renewables 12 
 
 
(19)  Includes 20% of the gross capacities of Adani Green Energy Limited, 50% of Clearway Energy Group and 49% of Casa 
dos Ventos.  
(20)  End-of-period data.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
10. 
Alternative Performance Measures (Non-GAAP measures) 
10.1 
Adjustment items to net income (TotalEnergies share)

--- Page 154 ---
154 
10.2 
Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA with consolidated financial statements 
10.2.1 
Reconciliation of net income (TotalEnergies share) to adjusted EBITDA 
 
10.2.2 
Reconciliation of revenues from sales to adjusted EBITDA and net income (TotalEnergies share)

--- Page 155 ---
155 
10.3 
Investments – Divestments (TotalEnergies share) 
Reconciliation of Cash flow used in investing activities to Net investments 
 
10.4 
Cash flow (TotalEnergies share) 
Reconciliation of Cash flow from operating activities to Cash flow from operations excluding working capital 
(CFFO), to DACF and to Net cash flow

--- Page 156 ---
156 
10.5 
Gearing ratio 
 
 
10.6 
Return on average capital employed 
 
10.7 
Payout

--- Page 157 ---
157 
GLOSSARY 
Acquisitions net of assets sales is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable IFRS measure is Cash flow used in 
investing activities. Acquisitions net of assets sales refer to acquisitions minus assets sales (including other operations with noncontrolling 
interests). This indicator can be a valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike because it illustrates the allocation of cash 
flow used for growing the Company’s asset base via external growth opportunities.  
Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization) is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly 
comparable IFRS measure is Net Income. It refers to the adjusted earnings before depreciation, depletion and impairment of tangible and 
intangible assets and mineral interests, income tax expense and cost of net debt, i.e., all operating income and contribution of equity affiliates 
to net income. This indicator can be a valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike to measure and compare the 
Company’s profitability with utility companies (energy sector).  
Adjusted net income (TotalEnergies share) is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable IFRS measure is Net Income 
(TotalEnergies share). Adjusted Net Income (TotalEnergies share) refers to Net Income (TotalEnergies share) less adjustment items to Net 
Income (TotalEnergies share). Adjustment items are inventory valuation effect, effect of changes in fair value, and special items. This indicator 
can be a valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike to evaluate the Company’s operating results and to understand its 
operating trends by removing the impact of non-operational results and special items.  
Adjusted net operating income is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable IFRS measure is Net Income. Adjusted 
Net Operating Income refers to Net Income before net cost of net debt, i.e., cost of net debt net of its tax effects, less adjustment items. 
Adjustment items are inventory valuation effect, effect of changes in fair value, and special items. Adjusted Net Operating Income can be a 
valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike to evaluate the Company’s operating results and understanding its operating 
trends, by removing the impact of non-operational results and special items and is used to evaluate the Return on Average Capital Employed 
(ROACE) as explained below.  
Capital Employed is a non-GAAP financial measure. They are calculated at replacement cost and refer to capital employed (balance sheet) 
less inventory valuations effect. Capital employed (balance sheet) refers to the sum of the following items: (i) Property, plant and equipment, 
intangible assets, net, (ii) Investments & loans in equity affiliates, (iii) Other non-current assets, (iv) Working capital which is the sum of: 
Inventories, net, Accounts receivable, net, other current assets, Accounts payable, Other creditors and accrued liabilities(v) Provisions and 
other non-current liabilities and (vi) Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale. Capital Employed can be a valuable tool for decision 
makers, analysts and shareholders alike to provide insight on the amount of capital investment used by the Company or its business segments 
to operate. Capital Employed is used to calculate the Return on Average Capital Employed (ROACE).  
Cash Flow From Operations excluding working capital (CFFO) is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable IFRS 
measure is Cash flow from operating activities. Cash Flow From Operations excluding working capital is defined as cash flow from operating 
activities before changes in working capital at replacement cost, excluding the mark-to-market effect of Integrated LNG and Integrated Power 
contracts, including capital gain from renewable projects sales and including organic loan repayments from equity affiliates.  
This indicator can be a valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike to help understand changes in cash flow from 
operating activities, excluding the impact of working capital changes across periods on a consistent basis and with the performance of peer 
companies in a manner that, when viewed in combination with the Company’s results prepared in accordance with GAAP, provides a more 
complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting the Company’s business and performance. This performance indicator is used by 
the Company as a base for its cash flow allocation and notably to guide on the share of its cash flow to be allocated to the distribution to 
shareholders.  
Debt adjusted cash flow (DACF) is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable IFRS measure is Cash flow from 
operating activities. DACF is defined as Cash Flow From Operations excluding working capital (CFFO) without financial charges. This 
indicator can be a valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike because it corresponds to the funds theoretically available 
to the Company for investments, debt repayment and distribution to shareholders, and therefore facilitates comparison of the Company’s 
results of operations with those of other registrants, independent of their capital structure and working capital requirements.  
Free cash flow after Organic Investments is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable IFRS measure is Cash flow 
from operating activities. Free cash flow after Organic Investments, refers to Cash Flow From Operations excluding working capital minus 
Organic Investments. Organic Investments refer to Net Investments excluding acquisitions, asset sales and other transactions with non-
controlling interests. This indicator can be a valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike because it illustrates operating 
cash flow generated by the business post allocation of cash for Organic Investments.  
Gearing is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable IFRS measure is the ratio of total financial liabilities to total 
equity. Gearing is a Net-debt-to-capital ratio, which is calculated as the ratio of Net debt excluding leases to (Equity + Net debt excluding 
leases). This indicator can be a valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike to assess the strength of the Company’s 
balance sheet.  
Net cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable IFRS measure is Cash flow from operating activities. Net 
cash flow refers to Cash Flow From Operations excluding working capital minus Net Investments. Net cash flow can be a valuable tool for 
decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike because it illustrates cash flow generated by the operations of the Company post allocation 
of cash for Organic Investments and Acquisitions net of assets sales (acquisitions - assets sales - other operations with non-controlling 
interests). This performance indicator corresponds to the cash flow available to repay debt and allocate cash to shareholder distribution or 
share buybacks.  
Net investments is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable IFRS measure is Cash flow used in investing activities. 
Net Investments refer to Cash flow used in investing activities including other transactions with non-controlling interests, including change in 
debt from renewable projects financing, including expenditures related to carbon credits, including capex linked to capitalized leasing contracts 
and excluding organic loan repayment from equity affiliates. This indicator can be a valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and 
shareholders alike to illustrate the cash directed to growth opportunities, both internal and external, thereby showing, when combined with the

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Company’s cash flow statement prepared under IFRS, how cash is generated and allocated for uses within the organization. Net Investments 
are the sum of Organic Investments and Acquisitions net of assets sales each of which is described in the Glossary.  
Organic investments is a non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable IFRS measure is Cash flow used in investing 
activities. Organic investments refers to Net Investments, excluding acquisitions, asset sales and other operations with non-controlling 
interests. Organic Investments can be a valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike because it illustrates cash flow used 
by the Company to grow its asset base, excluding sources of external growth.  
Payout is a non-GAAP financial measure. Payout is defined as the ratio of the dividends and share buybacks for cancellation to the Cash Flow 
From Operations excluding working capital. This indicator can be a valuable tool for decision makers, analysts and shareholders as it provides 
the portion of the Cash Flow From Operations excluding working capital distributed to the shareholder.  
Return on Average Capital Employed (ROACE) is a non-GAAP financial measure. ROACE is the ratio of Adjusted Net Operating Income 
to average Capital Employed at replacement cost between the beginning and the end of the period. This indicator can be a valuable tool for 
decision makers, analysts and shareholders alike to measure the profitability of the Company’s average Capital Employed in its business 
operations and is used by the Company to benchmark its performance internally and externally with its peers.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
Disclaimer: 
Financial information by business segment is reported in accordance with the internal reporting system and shows internal segment information that is used to 
manage and measure the performance of TotalEnergies. In addition to IFRS measures, certain alternative performance indicators are presented, such as 
performance indicators excluding the adjustment items described below (adjusted operating income, adjusted net operating income, adjusted net income), return 
on equity (ROE), return on average capital employed (ROACE), gearing ratio, operating cash flow before working capital changes, the shareholder rate of return. 
These indicators are meant to facilitate the analysis of the financial performance of TotalEnergies and the comparison of income between periods. They allow 
investors to track the measures used internally to manage and measure the performance of TotalEnergies. 
These adjustment items include: 
(i) Special items 
Due to their unusual nature or particular significance, certain transactions qualifying as "special items" are excluded from the business segment figures. In general, 
special items relate to transactions that are significant, infrequent, or unusual. However, in certain instances, transactions such as restructuring costs or assets 
disposals, which are not considered to be representative of the normal course of business, may qualify as special items although they may have occurred in prior 
years or are likely to occur in following years. 
(ii) The inventory valuation effect 
In accordance with IAS 2, TotalEnergies values inventories of petroleum products in its financial statements according to the First-In, First-Out (FIFO) method 
and other inventories using the weighted-average cost method. Under the FIFO method, the cost of inventory is based on the historic cost of acquisition or 
manufacture rather than the current replacement cost. In volatile energy markets, this can have a significant distorting effect on the reported income. Accordingly, 
the adjusted results of the Refining & Chemicals and Marketing & Services segments are presented according to the replacement cost method. This method is 
used to assess the segments’ performance and facilitate the comparability of the segments’ performance with those of its main competitors. 
In the replacement cost method, which approximates the Last-In, First-Out (LIFO) method, the variation of inventory values in the statement of income is, 
depending on the nature of the inventory, determined using either the month-end prices differential between one period and another or the average prices of the 
period rather than the historical value. The inventory valuation effect is the difference between the results under the FIFO and the replacement cost methods. 
(iii) Effect of changes in fair value 
The effect of changes in fair value presented as an adjustment item reflects, for trading inventories and storage contracts, differences between internal measures 
of performance used by TotalEnergies’ Executive Committee and the accounting for these transactions under IFRS. 
IFRS requires that trading inventories be recorded at their fair value using period-end spot prices. In order to best reflect the management of economic exposure 
through derivative transactions, internal indicators used to measure performance include valuations of trading inventories based on forward prices. 
TotalEnergies, in its trading activities, enters into storage contracts, whose future effects are recorded at fair value in TotalEnergies’ internal economic performance. 
IFRS precludes recognition of this fair value effect. 
Furthermore, TotalEnergies enters into derivative instruments to risk manage certain operational contracts or assets. Under IFRS, these derivatives are recorded 
at fair value while the underlying operational transactions are recorded as they occur. Internal indicators defer the fair value on derivatives to match with the 
transaction occurrence. 
The adjusted results (adjusted operating income, adjusted net operating income, adjusted net income) are defined as replacement cost results, adjusted for special 
items, excluding the effect of changes in fair value. 
Euro amounts presented for the fully adjusted-diluted earnings per share represent dollar amounts converted at the average euro-dollar (€-$) exchange rate for the 
applicable period and are not the result of financial statements prepared in euros.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Renewables: TotalEnergies Acquires a Portfolio of Hydropower Projects in Africa to Deploy its Multi-
Energy Strategy 
On 30 July 2024, TotalEnergies has signed an agreement with Scatec, a Norwegian renewable energy company, 
to acquire 100% of its subsidiary SN Power, which holds interests in renewable hydropower projects in Africa, 
through a joint venture (51% SN Power) with Norfund and British International Investment (BII). 
As a result of this transaction, which is subject to certain previous conditions, TotalEnergies will acquire a 28.3% 
stake in the Bujagali hydropower plant currently in operation in Uganda. With a capacity of 250 MW, it covers 
more than 25% of the country's peak electricity demand. 
TotalEnergies will also acquire minority stakes in two projects under development in Rwanda (206 MW) and 
Malawi (360 MW). 
“This acquisition of renewable hydroelectric assets and projects in Africa reflects our desire to contribute to the 
continent's energy transition by bringing electricity to the people of African countries. In particular, we are 
delighted to be able to become a player in hydro power in Uganda, a country where we are also developing a 
major oil project. This is another example of TotalEnergies’ ability to implement its multi-energy strategy in oil-
producing countries to support them in their energy transition,” said Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and CEO of 
TotalEnergies. 
“We are pleased to announce today’s transaction, as we believe TotalEnergies will be a strong asset owner going 
forward, with the ability to further develop the projects and contribute to the energy transition in Africa. We would 
like to thank the entire hydropower team for their hard work and dedication over the years, you have made a 
significant impact. In addition, our gratitude goes to our joint venture partners, host governments, and lenders for 
the support since 2020,” said Terje Pilskog, CEO of Scatec. 
To date, TotalEnergies has interests in a number of hydropower projects with a gross capacity of 3.7 GW 
worldwide: 
• 
218 MW installed in Europe: in France (19 MW), Portugal (33 MW) and Turkey (166 MW) 
• 
1.5 GW under development in Mozambique (Mphanda Nkuwa project) 
• 
2 GW under development by Adani Green in India. 
South Africa: TotalEnergies exits from offshore Blocks 11B/12B and 5/6/7 
On 29 July 2024, following the decision of the partner CNRI to withdraw from Block 11B/12B, TotalEnergies 
also announced its withdrawal from this block, off the Southern coast of South Africa, in which its affiliate 
TotalEnergies EP South Africa holds a 45% interest. 
TotalEnergies entered into Block 11B/12B in 2013 and made two gas discoveries, Brulpadda and Luiperd, which 
could however not be turned into a commercial development as it appeared to be too challenging to economically 
develop and monetize these gas discoveries for the South African market. 
TotalEnergies has also decided to exit from offshore exploration Block 5/6/7 where TotalEnergies EP South Africa 
currently holds a 40% interest. 
TotalEnergies announces the second interim dividend of €0.79/share for fiscal year 2024, an increase close 
to 7% compared to 2023 
On 25 July 2024, the Board of Directors meeting on 24 July 2024 under the chairmanship of Mr. Patrick Pouyanné, 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, decided the distribution of the second 2024 interim dividend of 
0.79 €/share, an increase of 6.8% compared to the three interim dividends paid for fiscal year 2023 and identical 
to the final dividend for fiscal year 2023 and to the first 2024 interim. This increase is in line with the shareholder 
return policy confirmed by the Board of Directors in February 2024 and reiterated at the Annual General Meeting 
of 24 May 2024. 
This interim dividend will be paid in cash exclusively, according to the following timetable:

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Netherlands: TotalEnergies acquires a stake in the OranjeWind offshore wind farm in view of supplying 
green hydrogen to its European refineries and lowering their emissions 
On 24 July 2024, TotalEnergies signed agreements with German renewable developer RWE, to acquire a 50% 
stake in OranjeWind, a 795 MW offshore wind farm under development in the Netherlands. TotalEnergies will 
dedicate its share of the renewable electricity production from this project to power 350 MW electrolyzer projects. 
These will produce about 40,000 tons per year of green hydrogen for the decarbonization of TotalEnergies’ 
refineries in Northern Europe. 
Producing green hydrogen to decarbonize our refineries 
TotalEnergies plans to decarbonize its European refineries' hydrogen and cut its CO2emissions by around 5 
million tons per year by 2030. In this context, the Company intends to allocate its share in OranjeWind to produce 
electricity to generate green hydrogen via electrolysis. The production of this green or low-carbon hydrogen, 
which will replace the hydrogen currently consumed in TotalEnergies' refineries, will avoid the emission of 
approximately 400,000 tons of CO2per year. 
The project is a new milestone towards TotalEnergies’ goal of a 40% reduction in net greenhouse gas emissions 
linked directly to its oil and gas operations (Scope 1 and 2) by 2030, compared to the 2015 baseline. 
OranjeWind, an integrated, innovative offshore wind project 
Located in the North Sea, about 53 km off the Dutch coast, the OranjeWind project was won by RWE in 2022 as 
part of the Dutch Hollandse Kust West VII tender. RWE then committed to developing electrolyzers, to which 
TotalEnergies will now also contribute. 
In addition to producing green power and hydrogen, OranjeWind will also support the stability of the Dutch grid 
with its electric boilers and battery storage. Construction of the wind farm is scheduled to start in 2026, with full 
commissioning expected in early 2028. 
“We are delighted to working with RWE, a major player in renewables, on a project that will enable us to develop 
production of green hydrogen, which we need to decarbonize our refineries in northern Europe. This integrated, 
innovative project perfectly illustrates our pioneering role in the energy transition in Europe, especially through 
the emergence of offshore wind power linked to green hydrogen electrolyzers in the Netherlands,” said Stephane 
Michel, President Gaz Renewables & Power and Bernard Pinatel, President, Refining & Chemicals, 
TotalEnergies. 
“The Netherlands is one of our strategic core markets to grow our green portfolio. In TotalEnergies I am delighted 
to have a strong partner at our side with whom we can realize our first offshore wind project in the Netherlands 
and at the same time unlock the full system integration of OranjeWind. Together, we will provide a blueprint for 
the Dutch energy system of the future, designed to tackle the challenges of intermittent wind generation and 
flexible energy demand. As key players in the Dutch energy market, we are both committed to helping the 
Netherlands meet its decarbonization targets,” said Sven Utermöhlen, CEO RWE Offshore Wind. 
Integrated Power in Germany: TotalEnergies Launches New 100 MW / 200 MWh Battery Storage 
Development 
On 24 July 2024, TotalEnergies has taken the final investment decision for a 100 MW /200 MWh battery storage 
project in Dahlem, North Rhine-Westphalia. 
This is the first project sanctioned by TotalEnergies from the pipeline of Kyon Energy, Germany’s leading battery 
storage system developer, which was recently acquired by TotalEnergies in February 2024.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
The project, with a total investment of more than €75 million, will benefit from the expertise of Saft, 
TotalEnergies' battery affiliate, which will supply the project with the latest-generation of electricity storage 
technology (iShift LFP —lithium-iron-phosphate— containers). 
Commercial operations are expected to begin in the second half of 2026, and the startup Quadra Energy—one of 
Germany's leading renewable power aggregators, acquired by TotalEnergies in October 2023—will market the 
flexibility provided by these batteries. 
“This investment decision reflects the acceleration of our integrated development in the Germany electricity 
market, the largest in Europe. For the battery system design, we will leverage synergies between our electricity 
teams: Saft will supply the batteries, Kyon Energy will manage development, and Quadra Energy will market this 
new capacity,” declared Stéphane Michel, SVP, Gas, Renewables & Power at TotalEnergies. “All our recent 
investments in Germany demonstrate our strong commitment to contribute to the decarbonization of the country’s 
electricity and industry.” 
Nigeria: TotalEnergies sells its interest in SPDC JV, retaining interest in gas supply to Nigeria LNG 
On 17 July 2024, TotalEnergies announced that its subsidiary TotalEnergies EP Nigeria signed a sale and purchase 
agreement (SPA) with Chappal Energies for the sale of its 10% interest in the SPDC JV licenses in Nigeria. 
SPDC JV is an unincorporated joint venture between Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation Ltd (55%), Shell 
Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria (30%, operator), TotalEnergies EP Nigeria (10%) and NAOC (5%), 
which holds 18 licenses in the Niger Delta. 
Under the SPA signed with Chappal Energies: 
• 
TotalEnergies EP Nigeria will sell to Chappal Energies its 10% participating interest and all its rights 
and obligations in 15 licenses of SPDC JV, which are producing mainly oil. Production from these 
licenses represented approximately 14,000 barrels equivalent per day in Company share in 2023; 
• 
TotalEnergies EP Nigeria will also transfer to Chappal Energies its 10% participating interest in the 3 
other licenses of SPDC JV which are producing mainly gas (OML 23, OML 28 and OML 77), while 
retaining full economic interest in these licenses which currently account for 40% of Nigeria LNG gas 
supply. 
The transaction was concluded for a firm consideration of USD 860 million. Closing is subject to customary 
conditions, including regulatory approvals. 
“TotalEnergies continues to actively manage its portfolio in Nigeria, in line with its strategy to focus on its oil 
offshore and gas assets. After the launch of the Ubeta gas development on OML58 license last month, this 
divestment of our interest in SPDC JV licenses allows us to focus our onshore Nigeria presence solely on the 
integrated gas value chain and is designed to ensure the continuity of feed gas supply to Nigeria LNG in the 
future”, said Nicolas Terraz, President Exploration & Production of TotalEnergies. 
TotalEnergies and SSE join forces and create Source, a new major player in EV charging in the UK & 
Ireland 
On 16 July 2024, TotalEnergies and SSE have signed a binding agreement to create a joint venture to establish a 
new major player in EV charging infrastructure in the UK and Ireland, under the brand “Source”. The new business 
will deploy in both countries up to 3000 high power charge points, meeting demand from EV and fleet owners to 
provide fast and reliable charging. 
Establishing a needs-based fast charging network across the UK & Ireland 
Within the next 5 years, Source will deploy up to 3000 high power charge points (of 150 kW and more) grouped 
in 300 “EV hubs”, targeting 20% market share. Charging hubs will be in prime locations in and around urban 
areas and powered by renewable energy provided by SSE and TotalEnergies. Several hubs are already under 
construction with plans for dozens more, currently in development studies.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Leading the decarbonisation of transport in the UK & Ireland 
In the UK, Source will provide the reliable ultra-fast charging infrastructure needed across the country to meet the 
demand from EV drivers and fleet operators. This demand was recently triggered by the enforcement into law of 
the UK Government’s zero vehicle emissions mandate for all new cars and vans, raising power supply 
infrastructure for EV and fleet owners as one of the biggest challenges facing the decarbonisation of transport. 
Similarly in Ireland, Source’s plans will help accelerate action to meet the government target of placing almost 1 
million electric vehicles on roads by 2030, while building consumer confidence in EV charging. 
“TotalEnergies is proud to contribute to the development of electric mobility to decarbonize transportation in the 
UK and Ireland. This is a great opportunity to extend our network in Europe and stake out a key position as a 
reference high-power charging player. We want to offer our customers - passenger cars and fleet alike - a 
nationwide, ultra-fast and reliable charging service that allows them to travel efficiently with complete peace of 
mind. This development also contributes to our integrated power strategy in the UK, combining renewable and 
flexible power generation capacity, trading and marketing of low-carbon electricity available 24 hours a day,” 
says Mathieu Soulas, Senior Vice President New Mobilities at TotalEnergies. 
“SSE is already playing a leading role in decarbonising the UK and Ireland’s power system including building the 
world’s largest offshore wind farm and transforming electricity networks. Now this agreement will help accelerate 
progress towards a decarbonised transport system too, ensuring the vehicles that keep the economy moving can 
do so in a more sustainable and efficient way,” says Neil Kirkby, Managing Director of Enterprise at SSE. 
This agreement is subject to the applicable regulatory approvals being obtained from the relevant authorities. 
United Arab Emirates: TotalEnergies Strengthens its Position in the Emirates through its Partnership in 
Ruwais LNG 
On 10 July 2024, TotalEnergies joined, with a 10% interest, the Ruwais LNG project alongside national company 
ADNOC (60%), Shell (10%), bp (10%) and Mitsui (10%). 
Launched by ADNOC in June 2024, Ruwais LNG is a liquefied natural gas (LNG) project located in Al Ruwais 
Industrial city, in Abu Dhabi. The project includes two liquefaction trains with a total capacity of 9.6 million tons 
per year. Start-up is expected in the second half of 2028. 
The project applies the highest standards to reduce emissions: its full-electric liquefaction trains will be supplied 
with clean power by the UAE’s grid, making it one of the world’s lowest-carbon intensity LNG plants. The facility 
will also leverage the latest technologies to enhance safety, drive efficiency and minimize emissions. 
“We are delighted to join forces with our long-standing partner ADNOC on the development of this new LNG 
project. Last year at COP28, TotalEnergies and ADNOC both committed to lead the Oil & Gas Decarbonization 
Charter to reduce the industry’s GHG emissions. With Ruwais LNG, we are putting this principle into practice 
with one of the world’s lowest-carbon intensity LNG plants, allowing natural gas to fully play its role of transition 
fuel", said Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and CEO of TotalEnergies. 
“We are delighted to welcome bp, Mitsui & Co., Shell, and TotalEnergies as partners in ADNOC’s Ruwais LNG 
project, which will be one of the world’s lowest carbon-intensive LNG facilities. As natural gas demand continues 
to increase, this world-class project will enable us to provide more lower-carbon gas to meet growing demand 
today while helping the world transition to a cleaner energy future. Additionally, the project will accelerate 
development in Al Ruwais Industrial City, boost the local industrial ecosystem and create more skilled private 
sector jobs for UAE Nationals”, said His Excellency Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber, ADNOC Managing Director 
and Group CEO.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Digital Innovation: TotalEnergies to Partner with SLB for a more sustainable energy 
On 2 July 2024, TotalEnergies and SLB joined forces to develop innovative subsurface digital solutions and 
contribute to a more sustainable hydrocarbon production and the implementation of TotalEnergies’ “More energy, 
less emissions, more value” strategy. 
Digital innovation for a more sustainable energy 
Combining their many years of operational expertise and their software development capabilities, the teams at 
TotalEnergies and SLB will jointly develop next-generation software available in the cloud. 
These new digital tools will improve modeling of the subsurface to optimize production and make it more 
responsible. They will also leverage the potential of the data collected, through IA, for the purposes of reducing 
existing fields’ carbon intensity and meeting new needs in geological carbon storage. 
The new software will build on the earlier efforts of both partners with Intersect, a latest-generation reservoir 
simulator. 
Bespoke and competitive solarization of SLB’s industrial sites 
TotalEnergies’ teams are also supporting SLB by solarizing its industrial sites worldwide, through agreements 
signed in Oman, the United Arab Emirates, and Japan, allowing TotalEnergies to support SLB’s energy transition 
with bespoke and competitive solutions that come with the guarantee of price visibility, while limiting its carbon 
footprint. 
“We are delighted to develop our multi-energy partnerships with SLB through solarization of SLB’s industrial 
sites and digital innovation that will allow us to develop cutting-edge next-generation software, digital 
applications and new algorithms applied to geoscience. Thanks to these innovative modeling technologies, we 
will better utilize the analyses of geological reservoirs and basins in the Oil & Gas sector to reduce emissions and 
we will progress in geological carbon storage,” said Namita Shah, President, OneTech at TotalEnergies. 
“Collaboration and knowledge sharing are key for our industry to continuously develop more effective ways of 
unlocking energy access,” said Rakesh Jaggi, President of SLB’s Digital & Integration business. “With this 
visionary partnership, we’re combining the know-how and expertise of both companies to accelerate the delivery 
of new digital capabilities that will benefit the whole industry.” 
TotalEnergies’ Latest Pangea Supercomputer Tackles the Energy Transition 
On 2 July 2024, TotalEnergies launched the new generation of its Pangea 4 supercomputer at the Jean Féger 
Scientific and Technical Center at Pau in southwest France. Initially developed to support TotalEnergies’ 
exploration and production activities, the new version of Pangea is available for use across the Company and is at 
the service of its energy transition. 
Supporting TotalEnergies’ energy transition with scientific supercomputing 
Pangea 4 responds to the needs of TotalEnergies’ new activities, with: 
• 
windflow simulations for the design and siting of wind farms; 
• 
simulations of reservoir storage capacity in connection with our CCS (carbon capture and storage) 
projects; 
• 
methane emissions reduction calculations. 
Where supercomputing meets energy efficiency 
A hybrid solution consisting of a machine located onsite and cloud computing, Pangea 4’s 24/7 computing speed 
is twice that of the previous version. It is more compact and more energy efficient, using almost 90% less 
electricity, reducing our datacenters’ carbon footprint while maintaining peak performance for digital simulations. 
“As yet another demonstration of the Company’s pioneer spirit, the latest incarnation of Pangea strengthens our 
lead in industrial digital simulation. It combines supercomputing capacity with cloud computing, allowing the

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Company to meet the growing and increasingly diverse needs of our activities, especially in new energies, in order 
to help grow our business through our energy transition strategy,” said Namita Shah, President, OneTech at 
TotalEnergies. 
Developing the circular economy for lubricants in Europe: TotalEnergies Acquires Tecoil, a Lubricant 
Used Oil Regeneration Specialist 
On 1 July 2024, TotalEnergies announced the acquisition of Tecoil, a Finnish company specialized in the 
production of Re-Refined Base Oils (RRBOs), which has the most efficient used oil regeneration process on the 
market today. 
Tecoil currently operates a production facility of 50,000 tons of RRBOs per year in Hamina, in eastern Finland. 
Tecoil has developed its own circular economy network for collecting used lubricants in Europe and supplying its 
plant. 
Through a process known as “re-refining”, optimized by Tecoil, used oils are treated to give them properties 
comparable to the best virgin base oils. These high-quality base oils are used to make lubricants that meet new 
customer demand for circularity and sustainability. They significantly reduce the lubricants’ carbon footprint 
while delivering the level of performance expected and approved by many car manufacturers. 
“The integration of Tecoil into TotalEnergies will allow us to accelerate the use of RRBOs in the production of 
our high-end lubricants to meet our customers’ growing demand for increasingly high-performance, 
environmentally friendly products. We are delighted to welcome the Tecoil teams and combine their know-how 
in base oil processing with TotalEnergies’ recognized expertise in the production and distribution of lubricants,” 
says Pierre Duhot, Senior Vice-President Lubricants and Specialties at TotalEnergies. 
“Joining TotalEnergies is a great satisfaction and an opportunity to strengthen and develop the activities of Tecoil. 
It will allow us to jointly build on our work, knowledge, and development of the lubricant sector and meet the 
new challenges and ambitions of our customers,” said Juha Kokko, CEO of Tecoil. 
United Kingdom: TotalEnergies sells its interests in West of Shetland gas fields 
On 27 June 2024, TotalEnergies has signed an agreement to sell to The Prax Group its entire interest in West of 
Shetland assets in the United Kingdom (Laggan, Tormore, Glenlivet, Edradour and Glendronach fields, the 
onshore Shetland Gas Plant and nearby exploration licenses). The transaction is subject to approval from the 
relevant authorities. 
These mature assets currently produce about 7,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day in TotalEnergies’ share, made 
up of around 90% of gas. The transaction involves the transfer of relevant employees from TotalEnergies to Prax 
in compliance with the applicable legislation. 
“This transaction is in line with TotalEnergies’ strategy to continuously adapt its portfolio by divesting mature 
non-core assets,” said Jean-Luc Guiziou, Senior Vice President Europe for Exploration & Production at 
TotalEnergies. “TotalEnergies remains committed to the UK through both its upstream portfolio in the North Sea 
(Elgin-Franklin, Culzean and Alwyn fields) and its Integrated Power and Renewables portfolio.” 
Sao Tome & Principe: TotalEnergies acquires an offshore exploration license 
On 26 June 2024, TotalEnergies has signed an agreement to acquire a 60% interest and operatorship in Block 
STP02, offshore Sao Tome and Principe, from the Agência Nacional do Petroléo de S. Tomé e Principé (ANP-
STP). The remaining interest will be held by the existing license holders, Sonangol (30%) and ANP-STP (10%). 
The transaction is subject to final approvals from relevant authorities. 
Located within an emerging basin, 60 km off the coast of Principe, Block STP02 covers an area of 4,969 km2. 
Block STP02 is adjacent to the Block STP01 license operated by TotalEnergies (55%) alongside Sonangol (30%) 
and ANP-STP (15%). 
“Following the encouraging prospectivity interpreted on the 3D seismic data on adjacent Block STP01, 
TotalEnergies continues to progress its exploration effort in Sao Tome and Principe, by entering this promising 
license, thereby maintaining the optionality of the Company's portfolio”, said Kevin McLachlan, Senior Vice-
President Exploration of TotalEnergies.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Germany: TotalEnergies Wins Further Maritime Lease in the North Sea to Develop 1.5 GW of Offshore 
Wind 
On 21 June 2024, TotalEnergies, as shareholder of Offshore Wind One GmbH, has been awarded the maritime 
concession N-11.2 by the German Federal Network Agency, following auctions held in Germany. 
Located in the North Sea, around 120 kilometres north-west of the German island of Heligoland, concession N-
11.2 (1.5 GW) covers an area of around 156 square kilometres. This success will enable TotalEnergies to build a 
3.5 GW offshore wind hub in German North Sea, taking benefit of the synergies between this new lease and the 
2 GW concession N-12.1 won last year. 
Under the terms of this award, Offshore Wind One GmbH will pay, at the latest in June 2025, the German Federal 
government €196 million, which will be allocated to marine conservation and the promotion of environmentally 
friendly fishing. An annual contribution of €88 million will also be paid to the electricity transmission system 
operator in charge of connecting the project, for a term of twenty years starting from the commissioning of the 
site. 
The concession will run for a term of 25 years, extendable to 35 years. 
“Building upon the successful award of concession N-12.1 in the German North Sea last year, the award of the 
N-11.2 site will enable TotalEnergies to establish a 3.5 GW offshore wind energy hub, building on the quality of 
both sites and taking advantage of the development and operational synergies between them. This marks a new 
step for the deployment of TotalEnergies Integrated Power strategy in Germany after the acquisition of Quadra 
Energy, one of the top 3 aggregators of renewable electricity production and of Kyon Energy, a prominent 
developer of battery storage solutions. TotalEnergies is also very pleased to contribute to Germany’s 
decarbonisation targets,” said Stéphane Michel, President Gas Renewable and Power of TotalEnergies.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Nigeria: TotalEnergies Launches the Ubeta Gas Development to Supply Nigeria LNG Liquefaction Plant 
On 20 June 2024, TotalEnergies, operator of OML 58 onshore license in Nigeria with a 40% interest, together 
with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation Ltd (NNPCL, 60%), have taken the Final Investment Decision 
(FID) for the development of the Ubeta gas field. 
Located about 80 km northwest of Port Harcourt in Rivers state, the OML 58 license contains two fields currently 
in production, the Obagi oil field and the Ibewa gas and condensate field. OML58 gas production is processed in 
the Obite treatment centre and supplied to both the Nigerian domestic gas market and to Nigeria LNG (NLNG) 
plant. 
Also located in OML58, the Ubeta gas condensate field will be developed with a new 6-well cluster connected to 
the existing Obite facilities through a 11 km buried pipeline. Production start-up is expected in 2027, with a plateau 
of 300 million cubic feet per day (about 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day including condensates). Gas from 
Ubeta will be supplied to NLNG, a liquefaction plant located in Bonny Island with an on-going capacity expansion 
from 22 to 30 Mtpa, in which TotalEnergies holds a 15% interest. 
Ubeta is a low-emission and low-cost development, leveraging on OML58 existing gas processing facilities. The 
carbon intensity of the project will be further reduced through a 5 MW solar plant currently under construction at 
the Obite site and the electrification of the drilling rig. TotalEnergies is working closely with NNPCL to enhance 
local content, with more than 90% of manhours which will be worked locally. 
“Ubeta is the latest in a series of projects developed by TotalEnergies in Nigeria, most recently Ikike and Akpo 
West. I am pleased that we can launch this new gas project which has been made possible by the Government’s 
recent incentives for non-associated gas developments. Ubeta fits perfectly with our strategy of developing low-
cost and low-emission projects, and will contribute to the Nigerian economy through higher NLNG exports”, said 
Mike Sangster, Senior Vice President Africa, Exploration & Production at TotalEnergies. 
TotalEnergies sells its subsidiary in Brunei 
On 14 June 2024, TotalEnergies has entered into an agreement to sell its wholly-owned subsidiary TotalEnergies 
EP (Brunei) B.V. to Hibiscus Petroleum Berhad, a Malaysian independent oil and gas exploration and production 
company, for a consideration of $259 million. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter 2024. 
TotalEnergies EP (Brunei) B.V. owns and operates a 37.5% interest in Block B, alongside Shell Deepwater 
Borneo (35%) and Brunei Energy Exploration (27.5%). 
Block B, located 85 kilometres off the coast of Brunei, contains the Maharaja Lela/Jamalulam (MLJ) field, which 
started producing in 1999 and represented a net production for TotalEnergies of approximately 9,000 barrels of 
oil equivalent per day in 2023. 
“This transaction fits with our strategy to actively manage our portfolio by monetizing mature assets and to 
allocate our talents to the most promising assets”, said Jean-Pierre Sbraire, Chief Financial Officer of 
TotalEnergies. 
Decarbonization of European Refineries: A first agreement signed between TotalEnergies and Air 
Products for the delivery of Green Hydrogen 
On 7 June 2024, TotalEnergies and Air Products have signed a 15-year agreement for the annual supply in Europe 
of 70,000 tons of green hydrogen starting in 2030. This first long-term deal follows TotalEnergies’ call for tenders 
for the supply of 500,000 tons per year of green hydrogen to decarbonize TotalEnergies’ European refineries. 
Under the agreement, Air Products will deliver at TotalEnergies’ Northern European refineries’ doorstep, green 
hydrogen from Air Products’ global supply network. This hydrogen will avoid around 700,000 tons of CO2 each 
year. The contract awarded to Air Products is a first step towards achieving TotalEnergies' objective of reducing 
net greenhouse gas emissions from its operated oil and gas operations (Scope 1+2) by 40% by 2030 compared to 
2015 levels. 
Air Products, worldwide leader in terms of hydrogen supply, has been a first mover, committing more than $15 
billion dollars to real, large-scale energy transition projects and launching several large low carbon hydrogen 
projects in the world, making it a leading and reliable supplier.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
“This deal with Air Products, the first signed following the call for tenders launched last year, is a steppingstone 
towards our goal of decarbonizing the hydrogen used in TotalEnergies’ refineries in Northern Europe by the end 
of the decade. We are proud to partner with Air Products, a pioneer in low carbon hydrogen production, under the 
leadership of Seifi Ghasemi. Once again, we demonstrate our capacity to pioneer the energy transition and 
contribute to the emergence of a green hydrogen industry by offering long-term contracts with our six refineries 
and two biorefineries in Europe. We are also happy to extend our partnership with Air Products by becoming 
ourselves a supplier of green power to Air Products and contributing to Air Products’ own decarbonization 
roadmap,” said Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and CEO of TotalEnergies. 
“Today, one of the largest energy companies in the world has committed to use renewable hydrogen to 
decarbonize its refineries in Northern Europe, and we at Air Products are honored and proud to be the producer 
and supplier of the green hydrogen required,” said Air Products’ Chairman, President and CEO Seifi Ghasemi. 
Noting that Air Products started on the journey of producing clean hydrogen seven years ago, Seifi Ghasemi 
added, “We always believed that if we made clean hydrogen available at commercial scale, the demand would be 
there. This contract validates our long-term strategy. Clearly the demand is here, and it will grow significantly as 
we move forward, playing an essential role in decarbonizing heavy industry and other sectors. I also want to 
express my admiration for Mr. Patrick Pouyanné’s vision and courage in acting as a first-mover towards creating 
a cleaner future for the world.” 
At the same time, TotalEnergies and Air Products have signed a memorandum of understanding for the supply of 
renewable power, which entails the signing of a first Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) for 150 MW produced at 
a solar project in Texas. The parties also plan to explore together further PPA opportunities in the UK, Poland and 
France. This agreement, which strengthens the partnership between TotalEnergies and Air Products, will 
contribute to Air Products’ decarbonization roadmap and is in line with TotalEnergies’ integrated electricity 
strategy along the value chain. 
Integrated Power: TotalEnergies Acquires a Gas-Fired Power Plant in the United Kingdom 
On 5 June 2024, in line with its development as an integrated electricity player, TotalEnergies has signed an 
agreement with EIG, an institutional investor in the global energy sector, for the acquisition of all the shares of 
West Burton Energy for an enterprise value of £450 million. 
West Burton Energy owns and operates the West Burton B gas-fired power plant in Nottinghamshire, in England. 
West Burton B comprises three combined-cycle gas turbines (CCGT) with total output of 1.3 GW. Commissioned 
in 2013, it is one of the UK’s most advanced power plants and supplies some 1.8 million homes. A 49 MW battery 
storage system was added in 2018. 
This acquisition rounds out TotalEnergies’ renewable power generation capacity in the UK with a flexible asset 
that mitigates intermittency to enable the supply of firm power to customers. Given the size of the Company’s 
renewable portfolio in the country, which currently stands at 1.1 GW of gross installed capacity and 4.5 GW under 
development, TotalEnergies assesses its need for gas-based power generation capacity at 700 MW; the Company 
therefore plans to divest 50% of the acquired assets. 
The deal will also allow TotalEnergies to strengthen its trading capabilities in the country’s electricity and gas 
markets, as well as its ability to provide increasingly affordable, available and sustainable energy to its 300,000 
UK electricity and gas customer sites. Finally, the Company will supply the plant by leveraging its positions in 
natural gas production in the country, where it operates 30% of the projects. 
This brings TotalEnergies’ worldwide flexible power generation portfolio to around 7 GW of gross capacity, in 
addition to its 23 GW of gross renewable capacity. 
“I am delighted to welcome the West Burton B team to TotalEnergies. This acquisition contributes to our 
integrated strategy in the UK, which combines renewable and flexible generation capacity. It complements our 
1.1 GW Seagreen offshore wind farm and allows us to accelerate development of our Integrated Power activities 
in power generation, trading and marketing in this market,” said Stéphane Michel, President, Gas, Renewables 
and Power at TotalEnergies. “The deal also contributes directly to our 2028 ROACE target of around 12% in this 
business sector.” 
The transaction is subject to authorization from the competent authorities.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Suriname: TotalEnergies, APA Corporation and Staatsolie progress towards Final Investment Decision 
on Block 58 
On 5 June 2024, on the occasion of the 2024 Suriname Energy Oil and Gas Summit, Javier Rielo, Senior Vice 
President Americas, Exploration & Production for TotalEnergies, and Annand Jagesar, CEO of Staatsolie 
Maatschappij Suriname N.V, the Suriname National Oil Company, announced several significant steps towards 
the Final Investment Decision (FID) of the development of offshore Block 58. This decision is expected in the 
fourth quarter of 2024, for a production start-up in 2028. 
TotalEnergies is the operator of Block 58 with a 50% interest, alongside APA Corporation (50%). Staatsolie has 
the option to enter the development project with up to 20% interest upon FID. 
Engineering studies (FEED) are progressing for the development of the Sapakara and Krabdagu fields, with 
combined recoverable resources estimated above 700 million barrels thanks to the integration of Water Alternating 
Gas (WAG) injection technology to maximize recovery. Ocean Bottom Node (OBN) seismic technology will also 
play a key role in maximizing resources and the placement of the development wells, as well as identifying 
resource upsides. A first OBN campaign covering 900 km2will be carried out in second half of 2024. 
Some key milestones have been recently reached in the path towards FID. An agreement was concluded between 
Staatsolie and TotalEnergies on the field development area, maximizing the value for Suriname and the Block 58 
co-venturers over the 25 years Production Period. In addition, the hull for the 200,000 barrels of oil per day (bopd) 
Floating Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO) unit has been secured. 
TotalEnergies is committed to developing this project responsibly using the best technologies to minimize 
greenhouse gas emissions. In particular, the facilities will be designed for zero routine flaring, with all associated 
gas reinjected into the reservoirs. During the development and production phases, TotalEnergies will work closely 
with Staatsolie to enhance local content, as already demonstrated during the exploration and appraisal phases, 
with over 80 people trained for logistics operations in Paramaribo. 
“We are glad to progress together with Staatsolie and APA towards the FID of Block 58, which will be the next 
milestone in the partnership between Suriname and TotalEnergies. Our Company is deploying advanced 
technologies to minimize the environmental impact and maximize resource recovery, while focusing on ensuring 
economic benefits for the country,” said Javier Rielo, Senior Vice President Americas, Exploration & Production 
at TotalEnergies. 
“Staatsolie is happy to progress towards the development of this project with a world-renowned partner in such a 
way that Suriname optimally benefits not only from large financial streams but as well from a design and execution 
that will safeguard safe and clean operations,” said Annand Jagesar, CEO of Staatsolie. 
TotalEnergies Increases LNG Deliveries to Asia with Two New Medium and Long-Term Contracts 
On 4 June 2024, in line with its strategy to grow its liquefied natural gas (LNG) business, TotalEnergies announces 
the signing of two new LNG medium- and long-term contracts in Asia: 
- 
a sales and purchase agreement (SPA) with Indian Oil Corporation (IOCL) for the delivery to India of 
up to 800,000 tons per year of LNG for ten years from 2026; and 
- 
an agreement (HoA) with Korea South-East Power for the delivery to South Korea of up to around 
500,000 tons per year of LNG for five years from 2027. 
These agreements allow TotalEnergies to secure medium-term outlets for its global LNG supply portfolio. They 
also strengthen the Company's footprint in Asian markets, where it is particularly committed to supporting its 
customers with their decarbonization strategies. 
“We are delighted to have been selected by IOCL and Korea South-East Power to supply LNG to India and Korea. 
These contracts enable us to contribute to the energy security and transition of these countries, to which we have 
an enduring commitment,” said Gregory Joffroy, Senior Vice President, LNG at TotalEnergies.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting on 24 May 2024 
Approval of all resolutions supported by the Board of Directors 
Patrick Pouyanné reappointed as Chairman and CEO and Jacques Aschenbroich confirmed as Lead Independent 
Director 
On 24 May 2024, the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of TotalEnergies SE was held on 24 May 2024, under the 
chairmanship of Mr. Patrick Pouyanné. The shareholders adopted all the resolutions supported by the Board of 
Directors, including in particular: 
- 
Approval of the 2023 financial statements and payment of an ordinary dividend of €3.01 per share 
- 
Renewal of the three-year terms as Directors of Mr. Patrick Pouyanné, Mr. Jacques Aschenbroich and 
Mr. Glenn Hubbard 
- 
Appointment for a three-year term of Ms. Marie-Ange Debon as Director 
- 
Approval of the components of the compensation paid during 2023 or allocated for that year and of the 
compensation policy applicable in 2024 to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
- 
Appointment of Ernst & Young Audit and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, Statutory auditors in charge 
of certifying the sustainability information 
- 
Various delegations of competence and financial authorizations granted to the Board of Directors. 
In addition, the Shareholders’ Meeting issued a favorable consultative opinion with 80% of the votes cast on the 
Sustainability & Climate - Progress Report 2024, reporting on the progress made in the implementation of the 
Corporation's ambition with respect to sustainable development and energy transition towards carbon neutrality 
and its related targets by 2030. 
The Board of Directors, meeting at the end of the Shareholders' Meeting, confirmed unanimously its decision to 
reappoint Mr. Patrick Pouyanné as Chairman and CEO for the duration of his term of office as Director, Mr. 
Patrick Pouyanné did not take part to the vote, as well as to confirm Mr. Jacques Aschenbroich as Lead 
Independent Director. 
Closing the Shareholders’ Meeting, Patrick Pouyanné declared: “I would like to thank our Shareholders for their 
support on the resolutions approved by the Board of Directors, and in particular to the renewal of my term of 
office as Director and that of Jacques Aschenbroich, Lead Independent Director, as well as to the report on the 
transition strategy implemented by the Company”. 
The full results of the votes as well as the presentations made to shareholders will be available on May 31, on the 
totalenergies.com website. 
Green Hydrogen: TE H2 Partners with VERBUND on a Large Project in Tunisia 
On 28 May 2024, TE H2 a joint-venture between TotalEnergies and EREN Groupe, together with VERBUND, 
Austria’s leading electricity company, have signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Republic of Tunisia 
to study the implementation of a large green hydrogen project named “H2 Notos” for export to Central Europe 
through pipelines. 
H2 Notos aims to produce green hydrogen using electrolysers powered by large onshore wind and solar projects 
and supplied with desalinated sea water. The project aims to produce 200,000 tons of green hydrogen annually 
during its initial phase, with the potential to scale up production to one million tons per year in South Tunisia. The 
project will have access to the European market through the “SoutH2 Corridor”, a hydrogen pipeline project 
connecting North Africa to Italy, Austria, and Germany, which is expected to be commissioned around 2030. 
TE H2, together with VERBUND, will be leading the development, financing, construction, and operation of the 
integrated project from production of green electricity to production of green hydrogen. In addition, VERBUND 
will coordinate the transport of the produced hydrogen towards Central Europe. 
David Corchia, CEO of TE H2, said: “The signing of this MOU with the Republic of Tunisia marks the actual 
start of this highly ambitious project after months of work and interactions with all stakeholders. We are delighted

--- Page 171 ---
171 
to partner with VERBUND to support the development of such a pioneering and ambitious endeavor in such a 
strategic location. H2 Notos has the potential to become a significant supplier of green hydrogen for Europe while 
fostering significant jobs creation in Tunisia. We are entering into a phase of greenfield development and major 
technical work to assess the feasibility of the project and we will need to further deepen the highly constructive 
and fruitful collaboration we have enjoyed with the national and local authorities through H2 Notos.” 
Fatma Thabet Chiboub, Tunisia's Minister of Industry, Mines and Energy, stated: “This agreement with TE H2 
and VERBUND marks a significant step forward in our quest for clean, sustainable energy. Tunisia, firmly 
committed to its energy transition, sees in this project a strategic pivot to strengthen its attractiveness as a 
destination of choice for foreign investment in renewable energies.” 
Michael Strugl, CEO of VERBUND AG, added: “Tunisia is a particularly important upstream region in terms of 
scalability and competitiveness and a significant part of VERBUND's hydrogen plans. We have set ourselves the 
goal of supplying the European industry with green hydrogen. By combining competitive hydrogen production in 
Tunisia and pipeline-based transportation, we can ensure a long-term supply at scale to support a sustainable 
transition of our customers to green hydrogen as well as support a sustainable economic development in Tunisia. 
We are delighted to be working with a strong consortium capable of realizing GW-scale projects and look forward 
to developing them in partnership and close collaboration with the Tunisian authorities and population.” 
Brazil: Final Investment Decision for Atapu-2 and Sépia-2 Oil Developments 
On 27 May 2024, TotalEnergies, together with the operator Petrobras and their partners in the Atapu and Sépia 
consortiums, have taken the Final Investment Decision (FID) for the second development phase of Atapu and 
Sépia fields, located in the prolific pre-salt Santos Basin, offshore Brazil. 
The Atapu field has been producing since 2020 through the P-70 Floating Production Storage and Offloading 
(FPSO) unit, with a production capacity of 150,000 barrels of oil per day (bopd). The second development phase, 
Atapu-2, will comprise a new-built FPSO of 225,000 bopd capacity. TotalEnergies owns an interest of 15% in the 
Atapu field, in partnership with Petrobras (65.7%, operator), Shell (16.7%), Petrogal (1.7%) and PPSA (0.9%). 
The Sépia field has been producing since 2021 through the Carioca FPSO unit, with a production capacity of 
180,000 bopd. The second development phase, Sépia-2, will also comprise a new-built FPSO of 225,000 bopd 
capacity. TotalEnergies owns an interest of 16.9% in the Sépia field, in partnership with Petrobras (55.3%, 
operator), Petronas (12.7%), QatarEnergy (12.7%) and Petrogal (2.4%). 
The two FPSOs are expected to start producing as from 2029. They have been designed to minimize greenhouse 
gas emissions through an all-electric configuration and technologies such as waste heat recovery, closed flare, 
cargo oil tank gas recovery and variable speed drive for compressors and pumps. 
“The decision to launch Sépia-2 and Atapu-2 is a new milestone in our strong growth story in Brazil, a core area 
for the Company thanks to its world-class low-emission and low-cost oil resources” declared Nicolas Terraz, 
President Exploration & Production of TotalEnergies. “Following the startup of Mero-2 in late 2023 and the 
upcoming startups of Mero-3 in 2024 and Mero-4 in 2025, Brazil will soon account for more than 200,000 barrels 
of oil equivalent per day (boepd) in equity production for the Company. At their plateau Sépia-2 and Atapu-2, the 
tenth and eleventh FPSO for TotalEnergies in Brazil, will contribute to maintain TotalEnergies production in this 
key country above 200,000 boepd.” 
Angola: TotalEnergies launches the Kaminho deepwater project 
On 20 May 2024, Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and CEO of TotalEnergies, met in Luanda with João Lourenço, 
President of Angola, Diamantino Azevedo, Minister of Mineral Resources, Oil & Gas (MIREMPET), Paulino 
Jerónimo, Chairman and CEO of ANPG and Gaspar Martins, Chairman and CEO of Sonangol, to announce the 
Final Investment Decision of the Kaminho deepwater project. 
TotalEnergies (40%), along with its Block 20/11 partners, Petronas (40%) and Sonangol (20%), announced the 
Final Investment Decision (FID) of the Kaminho project to develop the Cameia and Golfinho fields, located 100 
km off the coast of Angola, by 1,700 m water-depth. This FID has been made possible thanks to a close 
collaboration with the concessionaire Agencia Nacional de Petroleo e Gas (ANPG). 
The Kaminho project which is the first large deepwater development in the Kwanza basin comprises the 
conversion of a Very Large Crude Carrier (VLCC) to a Floating Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO) unit, 
which will be connected to a subsea production network. Designed to minimize greenhouse gas emissions and

--- Page 172 ---
172 
eliminate routine flaring, this FPSO is all-electric and associated gas will be fully reinjected into the reservoirs. 
Production start-up is expected in 2028, with a plateau of 70,000 barrels of oil per day. 
The Kaminho project will involve over 10 million man-hours in Angola, mainly with offshore operations and 
construction at local yards. 
On this occasion, TotalEnergies and Sonangol EP also signed a Memorandum of Understanding to share expertise 
on Research & Technology, notably in decarbonization of the Oil & Gas industry, with a strong focus on methane 
emissions reduction and renewable energies. TotalEnergies’ teams will provide support to Sonangol EP for the 
start-up and operation of its new Sumbe R&D center and for the development of the skills of the Sonangol research 
and technology teams, with a focus on reservoir geology, process electrification and photovoltaics. 
TotalEnergies takes action to give access to clean cooking to 100 million people in Africa and India 
On 14 May 2024, at the Clean Cooking Summit organized by the International Energy Agency (IEA), 
TotalEnergies announced its ambition of giving 100 million people in Africa and India access to clean cooking 
by 2030. TotalEnergies will therefore invest more than $400 million in the development of liquefied petroleum 
gas (LPG) for cooking. 
In addition, to make clean cooking affordable for as many people as possible, the Company will develop the use 
of digital pay-as-you-cook technologies that allow customers to pay only as they use the LPG cylinder, rather than 
having to pay the full value of the cylinder volume up front. 
The company is already a major player in the distribution of LPG in cylinders, with more than 50 million people 
in Africa and Asia benefiting already from a reliable and cleaner energy. 
Norway: First oil production on Eldfisk North 
On 8 May 2024, TotalEnergies announced the successful first oil production on the Eldfisk North Project, located 
in the Greater Ekofisk Area in the North Sea.  
The Eldfisk North Project is located in PL018, and the licensees are TotalEnergies EP Norge AS (39.896%), 
ConocoPhillips Skandinavia AS (35.112% - Operator), Vår Energi ASA (12.388%), Sval Energi AS (7.604%) 
and Petoro AS (5.000%).  
In December 2022, the Norwegian authorities approved the Eldfisk North Plan for Development and Operation 
with original production start scheduled in the second quarter of 2024. Cooperation and efficiency across 
companies have unlocked earlier first oil production.  
The Eldfisk North Project comprises three 6-well subsea templates located approximately seven kilometers from 
the Eldfisk Complex. The development includes up to 14 wells, whereof nine are producers and five will inject 
water into the reservoir. The Eldfisk North Project will produce 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day at peak 
and use the available capacity of Eldfisk facilities for processing and transportation.  
The project has created approximately 4,000 to 4,500 jobs, and more than 80% of the total contract value has been 
awarded to Norwegian businesses. 
TotalEnergies and Sinopec strengthen cooperation 
On 7 May 2024, TotalEnergies, and China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation (“SINOPEC”) signed a strategic 
cooperation agreement to deepen their collaboration, notably in low-carbon energies.  
TotalEnergies and SINOPEC have been working together for many years, notably in Angola and Brazil in 
upstream operations, and more generally in various domains such as oil, LNG, oil product trading, and 
engineering. More recently, the companies joined forces to develop a 230,000 tons per year sustainable aviation 
fuel (SAF) production unit at a SINOPEC refinery in China.  
This strategic cooperation agreement aims to further develop the partnership between TotalEnergies and 
SINOPEC and seize new opportunities by leveraging their respective expertise. In particular, the two companies 
plan to combine their R&D expertise in biofuels, green hydrogen, CCUS and decarbonization.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
TotalEnergies reaffirms the relevance of unified governance in order to pursue its transition strategy  
On 25 April 2024, the Board of Directors of TotalEnergies examined the draft resolution submitted by a group of 
shareholders representing less than 0.9% of the share capital and aiming to submit to the Annual General Meeting 
an advisory vote asking the Board of Directors to adopt a separation of the Chairmanship of the Board of Directors 
and the General Management of the Company.  
TotalEnergies Board of Directors reaffirms its strong commitment to shareholder dialogue and recalls that in 2023 
it had invited shareholders who wished to open a debate with the Board of Directors to submit an item on the 
agenda of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, as provided for in the French Commercial Code. The 
Board of Directors therefore invited shareholders to consider this route for future Annual General Meetings, as it 
will not support the advisory resolutions route in any matter.  
TotalEnergies’ Board of Directors recalls that with a view to renewing the mandate of director of the Chairman 
and Chief Executive Officer, it carried out a review of the choice of the most suitable mode of governance for the 
TotalEnergies and reported to its shareholders in a very detailed manner. The Governance and Ethics Committee’s 
considered the best interests of TotalEnergies, and after individual consultation of each Director by the Lead 
Independent Director, led the Board of Directors to decide unanimously and with conviction at its meeting on 21 
September 2023, to continue to combine positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  
The unity of TotalEnergies’ management and representation power is part of its particularly well-balanced 
corporate governance framework, with a Lead Independent Director who is a preferred contact for shareholders 
and who has extensive powers, whom the Board of Directors has found to be fully fulfilling his role.  
TotalEnergies’ Board of Directors has thus fully executed the mission for which the French law attributes to it the 
responsibility: the French Commercial Code provides that it is the responsibility of the Board of Directors to 
choose between the unified or separate mode of the functions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and that 
the shareholders are informed of this choice. Shareholders’ right to information is supplemented by a requirement 
provided for by the Afep-Medef Code of motivation for the Board’s decision. 
The Board of Directors, chaired by the Lead Independent Director and on the proposal of the Governance and 
Ethics Committee, therefore unanimously decided not to include the aforementioned draft resolution on the agenda 
of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.  
With regard to the debate on corporate governance initiated by the above-mentioned group of shareholders, the 
Lead Independent Director will, at the request of the Board of Directors, report on the performance of his mission, 
in particular on the Board’s motivation in respect of the governance structure of the Company, during the Annual 
General Meeting of 24 May 2024.  
Furthermore, the Board of Directors examined the proposed resolution aiming to reduce the authorization 
requested by the Board of Directors at the Shareholders’ Meeting for the purpose of carrying out share buybacks 
and noted that it was carried by certain shareholders representing only 0.11 % of the share capital. The Board of 
Directors noted that this proposed resolution is not admissible as it fails to meet the minimum holding threshold 
required by the French Commercial Code.  
TotalEnergies ranks #1 in employee shareholder ownership in Europe at over €11 billion of its capital  
On 25 April 2024, TotalEnergies’ Board of Directors validated the following initiatives:  
• 
The allocation of 100 TotalEnergies shares to each of its 100,000 employees worldwide. This is the most 
important universal grant in TotalEnergies’ history and is in honor of its 100-year anniversary. This 
exceptional grant will be made to the Company’s employees on the date of the definitive grant by the 
Board, for those employed as of 28 March 2024. These shares will be definitively acquired by the 
employees present five years after the grant date.  
• 
A capital increase reserved for employees and former employees for a €46.90 subscription price equal to 
the average of the closing price of TotalEnergies shares on the Euronext over twenty consecutive trading 
sessions, with an exceptional 30% discount (compared to 20% in 2023).  
• 
The performance share allocation plan, which is carried out annually.  
TotalEnergies ranks #1 in employee shareholder ownership in Europe

--- Page 174 ---
174 
TotalEnergies’ proactive policy puts the Company at the top of the ranking of European firms for employee 
shareholding, based on the amount of the share capital held by its employees (source: European Federation of 
Employee Share ownership).  
By year-end 2023, over 65% of TotalEnergies’ employees were shareholders, holding about €11 billion out of the 
Company’s €149 billion share capital. Consequently, with 7.4% of the capital, TotalEnergies’ employees 
represent the Company’s largest group of shareholders, receiving €525 million in dividends in 2023.  
TotalEnergies announces the first interim dividend of €0.79/share for fiscal year 2024, an increase close to 
7% compared to 2023 
On 25 April 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board of Directors”) met, under the 
chairmanship of Mr. Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and decided the distribution of a 
first interim dividend of 0.79 €/share for fiscal year 2024, an increase of 6.8% compared to the three interim 
dividends paid for fiscal year 2023 and identical to the final ordinary dividend for fiscal year 2023. This increase 
is in line with the shareholder return policy confirmed by the Board of Directors in February 2024. 
 
This interim dividend will be paid in cash exclusively, according to the following timetable: 
 
 
Shareholders 
American Depositary Shares 
holders 
Ex-dividend date 
25 September 2024 
24 September 2024 
Payment date 
1 October 2024 
11 October 2024

--- Page 175 ---
175 
TAXATION 
General Statement 
The tax legislation of investors’ home jurisdictions and of the relevant Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation 
may have an impact on the income received from the Notes.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealership Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Dealership Agreement dated on 
or about 10 September 2024 (the “Dealership Agreement”) between the Issuers, the Guarantor (in respect of 
Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International), the dealers (the “Permanent 
Dealers”) and the arranger (the “Arranger”) named on the back cover of this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the relevant Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. 
However, each of the Issuers has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not 
Permanent Dealers (any such institution, if appointed, in addition to the Permanent Dealers, a “Dealer”). The 
Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by an Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents 
of that Issuer. The Dealership Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The relevant Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. Each of the Issuers has entered into an agreement with the Arranger for any expenses incurred 
by it in connection with the establishment of the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on 
a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each of the Issuers and, in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, 
the Guarantor has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealership Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the relevant Issuer. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, any of the Issuers and their affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered 
and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time

--- Page 177 ---
177 
or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and 
certified to the relevant Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each distributor, dealer or other person receiving a selling concession, fee or 
other remuneration to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes 
of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); and/or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) 
of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended 
(“EUWA”); and/or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or as agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by any Issuer;

--- Page 178 ---
178 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to any Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by 
TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International) the Guarantor; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes to the public in France other than to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as defined in, and in 
accordance with, Article L. 411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 
2107/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”), and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France other than to qualified investors, the Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and 
such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
Act N° 25 of 1948, as amended, (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer 
or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, 
Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-
offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws and regulations of any 
province or territory of Canada. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, solicited an offer to purchase, 
distributed, delivered or taken any other action in furtherance of a trade in any Notes, and that it will not offer, 
sell, solicit an offer to purchase, distribute, deliver or take any other action in furtherance of a trade in, any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Canada in contravention of the securities 
laws or regulations of any province or territory of Canada. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme may be required to agree, to deliver to any dealer who purchases any Notes from 
it a notice stating in substance that, by purchasing such Notes, such dealer represents and agrees that it has not 
offered, sold, solicited an offer, distributed, delivered or taken any other action in furtherance of a trade in any 
Notes and will not offer, sell, solicit an offer, distribute, deliver or take any other action in furtherance of a trade 
in any such Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident thereof in contravention 
of the securities laws or regulations of any province or territory of Canada and that it will deliver to any other 
dealer to whom it sells any of such Notes a notice containing substantially the same statement as is contained in 
this sentence. Each Dealer has also agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, not to distribute or deliver this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and the relevant Final 
Terms, or any other offering material relating to the Notes, in Canada in contravention of the securities laws or 
regulations of any province or territory of Canada. Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme may be required to agree, to furnish upon request a certificate stating that such Dealer has 
complied with the restrictions described in this paragraph. 
Hong Kong 
The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has not been approved by or registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
PRC 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell any 
of the Notes in the PRC (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative 
Regions or Taiwan) as part of the initial distribution of the Notes, except as permitted by the securities laws of the 
PRC. 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any securities in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The relevant Issuer does not represent that this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any Final Terms may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the relevant Issuer which 
would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes 
are not being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or any other document. Neither this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any Final Terms, nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has not been and will 
not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject

--- Page 180 ---
180 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme, 
all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and “Excluded Investment 
Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) as long as such offering is made to professional clients within the 
meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent 
in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither 
this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may 
be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or any copy of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or of any other offering material relating to the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy (“Italy”), except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Italian Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, 
the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes in Italy must be in compliance with 
the selling restriction under (a) and (b) above and must: 
(i) 
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued 
in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to any Notes or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. 
None of the Issuers or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, any other offering material relating to any Notes or any 
Final Terms and neither the Issuers, the Guarantor (in respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or 
TotalEnergies Capital International), nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR NOTES 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “EU MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. The Issuer is not a manufacturer for the purposes of the EU MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”) — In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer 
has determined the classification of the Notes as [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [Specified Investment Products] (as defined in MAS

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]12 
Final Terms dated [  ] 
TOTALENERGIES SE 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL 
Issue of [●] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): [529900S21EQ1BO4ESM68 / 529900QI55ZLJVCMPA71 /  
549300U37G2I8G4RUG09] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 10 September 2024 which received approval no. 24-396 from the French 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 10 September 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus dated [  ] [and [  ]] which received approval no. [  ] from the AMF on [  ] (the 
“Supplement[s]”)] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as may be amended from time to time (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with such Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on 
the Issuer [, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus]. [The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at [address] [and] [www.totalenergies.com] and on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and copies may be obtained from [address].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
which are the [2017/2018/2019/2020] EMTN Conditions (the “Conditions”) which are incorporated by reference 
in the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 10 September 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 10 September 2024 which received approval no. 
24-396 from the French Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 10 September 2024 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated [  ] [and [  ]] which received approval no. 
[  ] from the AMF on [  ] (the “Supplement[s]”)], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer [, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
[as so supplemented] and the [2017/2018/2019/2020] EMTN Conditions. The Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus] are available for viewing at 
[address] [and] [www.totalenergies.com] and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and copies may 
be obtained from [address].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1 
[(i)] 
Issuer: 
[  ] 
 
[[(ii)] 
Guarantor: 
[  ]] 
 
1  
2  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA 
and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary 
product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
2 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the existing [insert description of the 
Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date]/Issue 
Date/Exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph [  ] below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [insert date (the “Exchange Date”)]] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[  ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[  ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[  ]] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ]34 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[  ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/EUR 
CMS]] 
[SOFR/SONIA] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
 
 
[Instalment] 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
3 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 FSMA and which have a maturity 
of less than one year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
4  If the specified denomination is expressed to be €100,000/or its equivalent and multiples of a lower principal amount (for 
example 1,000), insert: “€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above €199,000” [not for Notes listed on Euronext Paris].

--- Page 185 ---
185 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating or floating 
to fixed rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 
and 15 below and identify there] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]  
[Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Redemption following an Acquisition Event] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior 
 
[(iii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] obtained:5 
[  ] [and [  ], respectively]] 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”6]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[Not Applicable/[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual ([ICMA/ISDA])/include any 
other option from the Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable/[  ] in each year] (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date; N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual ([ICMA])) 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent)7: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
5  Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the particular tranche of Notes or related Guarantee. 
6  RMB Notes only. 
7  RMB Rate Calculation Agent must be specified for RMB Notes.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[  ] in each year [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (v) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[  ] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[  ] [and [  ]] (not applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] (Note that this items 
relates to interest period end dates and not to the date 
and place of payment, to which item 27 relates)] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Fallback Screen Page: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily/Weighted 
Average/Not 
Applicable] 
 
– 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Insert only if Index Determination is 
applicable: 
 
 
 
– 
SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA/SOFR] 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[  ]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, 
is excluded from the relevant Interest Period)]

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[  ]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[  ]/[As per the Conditions]8 
 
– 
Numerator: 
[  ]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
Insert only if Index Determination is not 
applicable: 
 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[  ]-month 
EURIBOR/EUR 
CMS] 
/[SONIA/SOFR] 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] [T2/[  ]] Business Days [in [  ]] prior to the 
[  ] day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date][[  ] Business Days prior to 
the end of each Interest Period] [  ] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[  ] 
 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
 
– 
D9: 
[365/360/Not Applicable/[  ]] 
 
– 
Lag Look-back Period: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Observation Shift Period: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(where “Payment Delay” is selected as the 
Observation Method, complete the following details): 
 
– 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
The date falling [  ] Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date. 
 
– 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
The date falling [  ] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date. 
 
 
If “Payment Delay” is specified as being applicable, 
all references in to interest on the Notes being payable 
on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference 
to interest on the Notes being payable on an Effective 
Interest Payment Date instead. 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[  ] 
 
8 
This should be a number that is five or greater where SONIA Compounded Index and two (per FRN emerging market 
standard) five (per the American Reference Rates Committee) or greater where SOFR Compounded Index is applicable. 
9  Specify as Not Applicable if “Weighted Average” is selected as the Calculation Method.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[  ] / [Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[  ] 
 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback] 
 
 
- 
[Lookback: [  ] Applicable Business Days 
/ As specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift] 
 
 
- 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
- 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[  ] 
Observation Period Shift Business Days / As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout] 
 
 
- 
[Lockout: [  ] Lockout Period Business 
Days / As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [  ] 
[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
 
[OIS Compounding] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero (0)/[  ] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual ([ICMA/ISDA])/include any 
other option from the Conditions] 
 
(xv) 
Benchmark Transition Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual ([ICMA/ISDA])/include any 
other option from the Conditions]

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION 
 
17 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Partial redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[The minimum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes remaining outstanding after the partial 
redemption shall be at least [  ]] 
18 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[  ] calendar days 
19 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Calculated to the [Maturity Date]/Call Option Date]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Bond: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
[  ] 
 
(iii) 
Make-whole Margin: 
[  ] 
 
(iv) 
Parties to be notified (if other than the 
Fiscal 
Agent 
the 
Make-whole 
Calculation Agent and the Quotation 
Agent) 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Make-whole Calculation Agent: 
[  ] 
 
(vi) 
Quotation Agent: 
[  ] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[  ] 
 
(viii) 
Partial redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[The minimum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes remaining outstanding after the partial 
redemption shall be at least [  ] per cent. of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
20 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
(Condition 5(f)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Call Option Date: 
[  ] 
(Insert number of days before Maturity Date as from 
which option is exercisable) 
 
(ii) 
Residual Maturity Call Option Price: 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
 
(iii) 
Partial redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[The minimum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes remaining outstanding after the partial 
redemption shall be at least [  ]] 
21 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 5(g)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Target: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Acquisition Longstop Date: 
[  ] 
 
(iii) 
Acquisition Call Redemption Amount: 
[  ] 
 
(iv) 
Acquisition Notice Period: 
The period from [[  ] / [the Issue Date] to [[  ]/the 
Acquisition Longstop Date] 
 
(v) 
Partial redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[The minimum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes remaining outstanding after the partial 
redemption shall be at least [  ]] 
22 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 5(h)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Percentage: 
[  ] per cent. 
 
(ii) 
Clean-up Call Price: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
23 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount per Calculation Amount. 
24 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [  ] calendar days’ notice]10 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
26 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
27 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item refers to the date and place of 
payment and not interest period end dates) 
28 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. (If the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made)] 
29 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount of 
each instalment, date on which each payment is to 
be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[  ] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[  ] 
30 
[Any applicable currency disruption:11 
[Not Applicable/As per Condition 6(h) ] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] confirm[s] that such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by a [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: 
 ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised] 
 
10  Only applicable where the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note have been issued in an integral multiple of 
the Specified Denomination. 
11  RMB Notes only.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris]/[specify relevant 
Regulated Market] with effect from [  ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant Regulated Market] 
with effect from [  ].] [Not Applicable.]12 
[The [first/(specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are 
already listed as from [its/their respective] issue 
date.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[  ] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings:13 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[S&P: [  ]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [  ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [  ]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency 
Regulation (Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended) disclosure) 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the European Union and [has/have each] applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended, although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
 
 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies]] 
[is/are] 
established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”). As such [  ] [is/are] 
 
12  Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that original Notes are already admitted to trading. 
13  This disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established in the European Union and [has/have] 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended. [However, certain of 
[it/their respective] affiliates are established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website. 
Such affiliates endorse the ratings of [insert credit 
rating agency/ies] for use for regulatory purposes 
in the European Union.]] 
[[Insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not 
established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating[s] 
of the Notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] [has][have] been endorsed by [insert name 
of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation and [has][have] not been 
withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] issued by [insert 
name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]14 
3 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE] 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement:15) 
 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer”.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
4 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
[  ] 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14  To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes 
issued by the EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA. 
15  When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
5 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/EUR CMS/SONIA/SOFR/replicate other as specified in the Conditions] rates 
can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [  ] which is provided by [  ]. As 
at [  ], [  ] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
benchmarks regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[  ] is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As 
at [  ], [  ] appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the 
United Kingdom.]]] 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[  ] [until the Exchange Date, [  ] thereafter] 
 
Common Code: 
[  ] [until the Exchange Date, [  ] thereafter] 
 
CFI: 
(If the CFI is not required or requested, it should be 
specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
/ [Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
(If the FISN is not required or requested, it should 
be specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
/ [Not Available] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A., and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and 
addresses] 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s): 
[  ]

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[  ] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] [Include this text if “yes” 
selected, in which case the Notes must be issued in 
NGN form]] 
7 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of the Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers and 
the amount not covered by a firm underwriting 
commitment.) 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
[Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]16 
8 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
16  Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. Include this line item where Notes are offered into 
Singapore. Indicate “Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. 
Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors 
in Singapore.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus/[  ]] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus – if reasons for 
offer different from what is disclosed in the Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus, give details. If 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event is 
specified 
as 
applicable, 
insert 
acquisition 
consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in 
part, and related fees and mention potential use for 
general corporate purposes if the Acquisition 
Event occurs but Issuer elects not to use the 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds 
[  ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding)

--- Page 197 ---
197 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR DEEPLY SUBORDINATED NOTES 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 
August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. The Issuer is not a manufacturer for the purposes of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the “SFA”) - In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification 
of the Notes as [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and [Specified Investment Products] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]17  
 
 
17 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA 
and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary 
product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
Final Terms dated [  ] 
TOTALENERGIES SE 
 
Issue of [●] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 529900S21EQ1BO4ESM68 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 10 September 2024 which received approval no. 24-396 from the French 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 10 September 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus dated [  ] which received approval no. [  ] from the AMF on [  ]] [(the 
“Supplement[s]”)]which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as may be amended from time to time (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with such Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus]. [The 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus] [is] 
[are] available for viewing at [address] [and] [www.totalenergies.com] and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and copies may be obtained from [address].] 
 [Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1 
Issuer: 
TOTALENERGIES SE 
2 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the existing [insert description of the 
Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date]/Issue 
Date/Exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph [  ] below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [insert date (the “Exchange Date”)]] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[  ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[  ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[[  ]] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]

--- Page 199 ---
199 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ]1819 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
Undated securities with no specified maturity date 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate Resettable Deeply 
Subordinated Notes] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption Basis: 
Not Applicable  
11 
Call Options: 
[Optional Redemption at the option of the Issuer] 
[Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Redemption following a Gross-Up Event] 
[Redemption following a Withholding Tax Event] 
[Redemption following an Tax Deduction Event] 
[Redemption following an Accounting Event] 
[Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating 
Event] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[Redemption Following an Acquisition Event] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12 
Status of the Notes: 
Deeply Subordinated 
 
[(i)] 
[Date approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained:20 
[  ]] 
 
[(i)/(ii)]  Parity Securities: 
[  ] [Specify ISIN numbers and security names] 
13 
Interest Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate(s): 
First Interest Rate: [  ] per cent. per annum. 
First Reset Interest Rate: [An interest rate per 
annum which shall be equal to the sum of the 
Reference Rate of the relevant Reset Period and the 
Initial Margin/Not Applicable] 
 
18  Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 FSMA and which have a maturity 
of less than one year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
19  If the specified denomination is expressed to be €100,000/or its equivalent and multiples of a lower principal amount (for 
example 1,000), insert: “€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above €199,000” [not for Notes listed on Euronext Paris]. 
20  Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the particular tranche of Notes.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
First Step-up Interest Rate: An interest rate per 
annum which will be subject to a reset every [  ] 
years and shall be equal to the sum of the Reference 
Rate of the relevant Reset Period, the Initial Margin 
and the First Step-up Margin. 
Following Step-up Interest Rate: An interest rate 
per annum which will be subject to a reset every [  ] 
years and shall be equal to the sum of the Reference 
Rate of the relevant Reset Period, the Initial Margin 
and the Second Step-up Margin. 
 
(ii) 
Interest definitions: 
 
 
– 
Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
 
– 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention / [unadjusted]] 
 
– 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
 
– 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual ([ICMA/ISDA])/include any 
other option from the Conditions] 
 
– 
Determination Date: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] (Not applicable unless 
different from Interest Payment Date; N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
 
– 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[  ] 
 
– 
First Reset Date: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
First Step-up Date:21 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
First Step-up Margin:22 
[[+/-][  ] per cent. Per annum]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Initial Margin: 
[[+/-][  ] per cent. Per annum]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] [and [  ]] 
 
– 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[  ] [and [  ]] (Not applicable unless different 
from Interest Payment Date) 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Rate Term: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Benchmark Gilt Rate]/[CMT 
Rate]  
[– 
Initial Benchmark Gilt Rate: [  ]] (Insert 
only if Benchmark Gilt Rate is the Reference Rate) 
 
21  In any case, not before ten (10) years from the Issue Date. 
22  In any case, no more than 25 bps.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
[– 
Initial CMT Rate: [  ]] (Insert only if CMT 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reset Interest Determination Date: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reset Period: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Second Step-up Date:23 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Second Step-up Margin:24 
[[+/-][  ] per cent. Per annum/Not Applicable]  
 
– 
U.S. Treasury Original Maturity: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
[[  ] /Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14 
Optional Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 5.2) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Redemption Date:25 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period for Optional Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer:26 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Partial redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[The minimum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes remaining outstanding after the partial 
redemption shall be at least [  ]] 
15 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 5.3) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Bond: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
[  ] 
 
(iii) 
Make-whole Margin: 
[  ] [Specify if different Make-whole Margins apply 
within certain date ranges]  
 
23 Twenty (20) years after the First Reset Date. 
24  In any case, no more than 100 bps. 
25  In any case, not before five (5) years from the Issue Date. 
26  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
(iv) 
Similar Security: 
[Specify assumed maturity date] 
 
(v) 
Notice 
period 
for 
a 
Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer:27 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Parties to be notified (if other than the 
Fiscal Agent the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent and the Quotation Agent) 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Make-whole Calculation Agent: 
[  ] 
 
(viii) 
Quotation Agent: 
[  ] 
 
(ix) 
Reference Dealers: 
[  ] 
 
(x) 
Partial redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[The minimum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes remaining outstanding after the partial 
redemption shall be at least [  ]] 
16 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
 
 
(Condition 5.4) 
 
 
Gross-Up Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Price: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
(Insert date[s] as from which option is exercisable) 
 
(ii) 
Notice period for a Gross-Up Event:28 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
 
Withholding Tax Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Early Redemption Price: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
(Insert date[s] as from which option is exercisable) 
 
(ii) 
Notice period for a Withholding Tax 
Event:29 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
 
27  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
28  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
29  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
(iii) 
Notice period for a Tax Deduction 
Event:30 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
 
Tax Deduction Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Price: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount  
(Insert date[s] as from which option is exercisable) 
 
(ii) 
Notice period for a Tax Deduction 
Event:31 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
17 
Redemption following an Accounting Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 5.5) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Price: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
(Insert date[s] as from which option is exercisable) 
 
(ii) 
Notice period for an Accounting Event: 
32 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
18 
Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating 
Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 5.6) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rating Agencies: 
[Moody’s/S&P/[  ]] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Price: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
(Insert date[s] as from which option is exercisable) 
 
(iii) 
Notice period for an Equity Credit Rating 
Event: 33 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
19 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 5.7) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Percentage: 
 [  ] per cent. 
 
(ii) 
Clean-up Call Price: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
30  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
31  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
32  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
33  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
(iii) 
Notice period for a Clean-up Call 
Option:34 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Partial redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[The minimum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes remaining outstanding after the partial 
redemption shall be at least [  ]] 
19 
Redemption Following an Acquisition Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 5.8) 
 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Target: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Acquisition Longstop Date: 
[  ] 
 
(iii) 
Acquisition Call Redemption Amount: 
[  ] 
 
(iv) 
Acquisition Notice Period: 
The period from [[  ] / [the Issue Date] to [[  ]/the 
Acquisition Longstop Date] 
 
(v) 
Notice period for an Acquisition 
Event:35 
[[  ]/As per Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Partial redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[The minimum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes remaining outstanding after the partial 
redemption shall be at least [  ]] 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
21 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
substitution 
and 
variation: 
[As per Conditions/[  ]] 
(Insert additional conditions, if any) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [  ]] calendar days’ notice]36 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
23 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
 
34  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
35  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
36  Only applicable where the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note have been issued in an integral multiple of 
the Specified Denomination.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
24 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. (If the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made)] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by a [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris]/[specify relevant 
Regulated Market] with effect from [  ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant Regulated Market] 
with effect from [  ].] [Not Applicable.]37 
[The [first/(specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are 
already listed as from [its/their respective] issue 
date.] 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[  ] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings:38 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[S&P: [  ]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [  ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [  ]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency 
Regulation (Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended) disclosure) 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies] 
[is/are] 
established in the European Union and [has/have 
each] applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended, although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority.] 
 
37  Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that original Notes are already admitted to trading. 
38  This disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies]] 
[is/are] 
established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”). As such [  ] [is/are] 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established in the European Union and [has/have] 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended. [However, certain of 
[it/their respective] affiliates are established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website. 
Such affiliates endorse the ratings of [insert credit 
rating agency/ies] for use for regulatory purposes 
in the European Union.]] 
[[Insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not 
established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating[s] 
of the Notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] [has][have] been endorsed by [insert name 
of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation and [has][have] not been 
withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] issued by [insert 
name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]39 
3 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE] 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement:40) 
 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer”.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
4 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [Reference Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [  ] which is provided by [  ]. As 
at [  ], [  ] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
 
39  To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes 
issued by the EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA. 
40  When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
2016/1011) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that [  ] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). [As at [  ], [  ] appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
the United Kingdom.]]] 
5 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[  ] [until the Exchange Date, [  ] thereafter] 
 
Common Code: 
[  ] [until the Exchange Date, [  ] thereafter] 
 
CFI: 
(If the CFI is not required or requested, it should be 
specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
/ [Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
(If the FISN is not required or requested, it should 
be specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
/ [Not Available] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A., and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and 
addresses] 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s): 
[  ] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[  ] 
6 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of the Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers and 
the amount not covered by a firm underwriting 
commitment.) 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
[Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]41 
7 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus/[  ]] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus – if reasons for 
offer different from what is disclosed in the Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus, give details) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[  ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding) 
8 
REPLACEMENT LANGUAGE: 
 
 
Restrictions regarding the Redemption and Repurchase of the Notes 
The following paragraphs in italics do not form part of the Conditions nor of the Final Terms. 
[The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming a legal or contractual obligation) that it will redeem or 
repurchase the Notes (or any part thereof) only to the extent that such part of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes (or any part thereof) to be redeemed or repurchased which was assigned “equity 
credit” (or such similar nomenclature used by S&P from time to time) at the time of their issuance does 
not exceed such part of the net proceeds received by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer from the 
sale or issuance by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer to third party purchasers of securities which 
are assigned by S&P, as the case may be, an aggregate “equity credit” (or such similar nomenclature used 
by S&P from time to time) that is equal to or greater than the “equity credit” assigned to the Notes (or 
any part thereof) to be redeemed or repurchased at the time of their sale or issuance (but taking into 
account any changes in hybrid capital methodology or another relevant methodology or the interpretation 
thereof since the issuance of the Notes). 
The following exceptions apply as to the Issuer’s replacement intention. The Notes are not required to be 
replaced: 
(a) 
if the long-term corporate rating (or such similar nomenclature then used by S&P assigned by 
S&P to the Issuer is at least the same as or higher than the long-term corporate rating assigned to the 
Issuer on the date of the last additional hybrid issuance (excluding refinancings without net new issuance) 
of the hybrid securities which were assigned a similar “equity credit” by S&P (or such similar 
nomenclature then used S&P) and the Issuer is of the view that such rating would not fall below this level 
as a result of such redemption or repurchase, or 
(b) 
in the case of redemption or repurchase, taken together with other relevant repurchases or 
redemptions of hybrid securities of the Issuer, such repurchase or redemption is of less than (x) 10 per. 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Issuer’s outstanding hybrid capital in any period of 12 
consecutive months or (y) 25 per. cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Issuer’s outstanding 
hybrid capital in any period of 10 consecutive years, or 
 
 
41 Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. Include this line item where Notes are offered into 
Singapore. Indicate “Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. 
Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors 
in Singapore.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
(c) 
if the Notes are redeemed pursuant to an Accounting Event, Equity Credit Rating Event, a Tax 
Deduction Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Gross-Up Event, or 
(d) 
if the Notes are not assigned an “equity credit” (or such similar nomenclature then used by S&P 
at the time of such redemption or repurchase), or  
(e) 
in the case of any redemption or repurchase, up to the maximum amount of Notes redeemed or 
repurchased that would allow the Issuer’s aggregate principal amount of hybrid capital remaining 
outstanding after such redemption or repurchase to be equal to or greater than the maximum aggregate 
principal amount of hybrid capital to which S&P would assign “equity credit” (or such similar 
nomenclature then used by S&P at the time of such redemption or repurchase); or 
(f)  
if any such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after [the Second Step-up Date/[●].]

--- Page 211 ---
211 
THE GUARANTEE 
The payment of all amounts due in relation to Senior Notes (the “Guarantee”) issued by TotalEnergies Capital 
and TotalEnergies Capital International are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by TotalEnergies SE (the 
“Guarantor”), pursuant to a Deed of Covenant dated on or about 10 September 2024 governed by English law. 
For a description of the Guarantor, see “Description of TotalEnergies” and pages 6 to 9, 10 to 11 and 70 to 127 of 
the TotalEnergies 2023 URD incorporated by reference into this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
The Deed of Covenant is available for inspection by the public as provided in paragraph 22 of the section “General 
Information” of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
The following is the text of Clause 8 of the Deed of Covenant containing the terms and conditions and scope of 
the Guarantee: 
“8. 
The Guarantee 
8.1 
 
8.1 
In respect of Notes issued by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, the Guarantor 
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the holder of each Note, Receipt and Coupon relating 
thereto (each a “Holder” and together the “Holders”) and to each Relevant Account Holder that, if for 
any reason TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International does not pay any sum expressed 
to be payable by it under or in respect of each Note, Receipt or Coupon (including any additional amounts 
which may become payable under Condition 7) by the time, in the currency and on the date specified in 
the Conditions (whether on the normal due date, on acceleration or otherwise), the Guarantor shall pay 
that sum as if the Guarantor instead of TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International were 
expressed to be the primary obligor in respect of each such Note, Receipt or Coupon to the intent that 
each Holder or Relevant Account Holder, as the case may be, shall receive the same sum, in the same 
currency and at the same time as would have been receivable and applicable had such payment been 
made by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions. 
8.2 
As between the Guarantor and the Holders and the Relevant Account Holders but without affecting 
TotalEnergies Capital’s or TotalEnergies Capital International’s obligations, the Guarantor shall be liable 
under this Guarantee as if it were sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it shall not 
be discharged, nor shall its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its 
liability if it were the sole principal debtor, including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any 
time given to TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International or any other person, (b) any 
amendment to this Guarantee or the Conditions or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) 
the making or absence of any demand on TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International or 
any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of this Guarantee, the 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, 
(e) the release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the appointment of a mandataire ad hoc, 
an amicable settlement (procédure de conciliation), a preservation procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), 
an accelerated preservation procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), a judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or a judgment for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of 
TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International, or any other form of bankruptcy or 
liquidation proceedings involving TotalEnergies Capital, or TotalEnergies Capital International, or any 
judgment for the transfer of the whole of TotalEnergies Capital’s, or TotalEnergies Capital International’s 
business (cession totale de l’entreprise), or TotalEnergies Capital, or TotalEnergies Capital International 
is wound up or dissolved except in connection with a merger, provided that the entity resulting from such 
merger assumes the obligations resulting from the Notes,  or (g) the illegality, invalidity or 
unenforceability of or any defect in, any provision of this Guarantee, the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, 
this Deed of Covenant or any of TotalEnergies Capital’s or TotalEnergies Capital International’s 
obligations under them. 
8.3 
The Guarantor represents and warrants that its obligations under this Guarantee are direct, unconditional 
and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (subject as aforesaid) at all times rank at least pari passu 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present and future, but, in the 
event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws relating to creditors’ rights.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
8.4 
Until all amounts which may be or become payable under this Guarantee have been irrevocably paid in 
full, the Guarantor shall not by virtue of this Guarantee be subrogated to any rights of any Holder or 
Relevant Account Holder or claim in competition with the Holders or Relevant Account Holders against 
TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International. 
8.5 
The Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full force and effect by way of 
continuing security until no sum remains payable under or in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, 
this Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional 
to, and not instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of any 
person, whether from TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International or otherwise. 
8.6 
So long as any sum remains payable under or in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons or this Deed 
of Covenant or this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall not exercise any right, by reason of performance of 
any of its obligations under this Guarantee to be indemnified by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies 
Capital International or to enforce any security or other guarantee or indemnity. 
8.7 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees: 
(a) 
that any sum expressed to be payable by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital 
International under or in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons or this Deed of Covenant or 
under this Guarantee in relation to any of them but which is for any reason (whether or not now 
existing and whether or not now known or becoming known to TotalEnergies Capital or 
TotalEnergies Capital International, the Guarantor, a Holder or a Relevant Account Holder) not 
recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee shall nevertheless be recoverable 
from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and shall be paid by it to the Holder or Relevant 
Account Holder (as the case may be) on demand; and 
(b) 
as a primary obligation to indemnify each Holder and Relevant Account Holder against any loss 
suffered by it as a result of any sum expressed to be payable by TotalEnergies Capital or 
TotalEnergies Capital International under any Note, Receipt or Coupon or this Deed of 
Covenant or under this Guarantee in relation to any of them not being paid by the time, on the 
date and otherwise in the manner specified herein or in the Conditions or any payment obligation 
of TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital International under such Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons relating to them or this Deed of Covenant or under this Guarantee in relation to any of 
them being or becoming void, voidable or unenforceable for any reason (whether or not now 
existing and whether or not now becoming known to TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies 
Capital International, the Guarantor, a Holder or a Relevant Account Holder) the amount of that 
loss being the amount expressed to be payable by TotalEnergies Capital or TotalEnergies Capital 
International in respect of the relevant sum. 
8.8 
The Guarantor agrees that it will comply with and be bound by all such provisions contained in the 
Conditions which are expressed to relate to it as if such provisions were set out in full in this Guarantee. 
8.9 
The Guarantor may not amend, vary, terminate or suspend this Guarantee or its obligations hereunder 
until after the Termination Date unless such amendment, variation, termination or suspension shall have 
been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, to which the special quorum provisions specified in the 
Notes apply, of the holders of each series of Notes outstanding, save that nothing in this Clause shall 
prevent the Guarantor from increasing or extending its obligations hereunder by way of supplement to 
this Guarantee at any time. 
“Termination Date” means for the purpose of this Clause 8.9 the first date on which no further Global 
Notes may be issued under the Agency Agreement and complete performance of the obligations 
contained in this Guarantee and in all outstanding Notes initially represented by Global Notes occurs. 
8.10 
This Guarantee shall inure for the benefit of the Holders and the Relevant Account Holders and will be 
held in safe custody by the Fiscal Agent on behalf of the Holders and the Relevant Account Holders.”.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Consents, Approvals and Authorisations in connection with the Programme 
Each of TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International has obtained 
all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection with the update of the 
Programme and the issuance of Notes under the Programme and (in respect of Senior Notes issued by 
TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International) the guarantees relating to the Notes and 
the Programme. 
(i) 
For the purpose of the giving of the guarantees, Patrick Pouyanné (the Président Directeur 
Général) (who in turn delegated to Jean-Pierre Sbraire (Directeur financier) and Antoine 
Larenaudie (Trésorier)) of TotalEnergies SE benefits from an authority granted by the Conseil 
d’Administration of TotalEnergies SE dated 6 February 2024, to grant guarantees up to a 
maximum aggregate amount of €100 billion which authority will expire on 6 February 2025. 
(ii) 
Any issue of Notes by each of TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies 
Capital International under the Programme will, to the extent that such Notes constitute 
obligations under French law, require the prior authorisation of its Conseil d’Administration, 
unless its Statuts grant such power to the shareholders’ meeting or the latter decides to exercise 
such power. The relevant Conseil d’Administration may in turn sub-delegate its powers to any 
member of the Conseil d’Administration, the Président Directeur Général or, subject to the 
approval of the Président Directeur Général, one or several directeurs généraux délégués. 
Authorisations have been obtained to issue obligations subject to (A) an overall maximum 
global aggregate limit affecting all three companies, being (i) in respect of TotalEnergies SE, 
up to €15 billion (such authority to expire on 6 February 2025), (ii) in respect of TotalEnergies 
Capital, up to €16 billion (such authority to expire on 6 February 2025), and (iii) in respect of 
TotalEnergies Capital International, up to €16 billion (such authority to expire on 6 February 
2025) and (B) a maximum limit per issue affecting all three companies, being (i) in respect of 
TotalEnergies SE, up to €5 billion, (ii) in respect of TotalEnergies Capital, up to €5 billion, and 
(iii) in respect of TotalEnergies Capital International, up to €5 billion. To the extent that Notes 
do not constitute obligations under French law, their issue will fall within the general authority 
of the Président Directeur Général of either TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital and 
TotalEnergies Capital International or any other authorised official of either TotalEnergies SE, 
TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International acting by delegation. 
Any issue of Notes may also be the object of a decision (décision) to issue by the Président 
Directeur Général of either TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital 
International or any other authorised official of either TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital 
and TotalEnergies Capital International acting by delegation in accordance with article L.228-
40 of the French Code de commerce. 
(2) 
AMF approval 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as 
competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
has received approval no. 24-396 from the AMF on 10 September 2024. The AMF only approves this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such 
Notes. 
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application may also be made at the Issuers’ 
request for the notification of certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of 
the EEA. 
(3) 
Validity of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus shall be valid for offers to the public and/or admission to 
trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) months after its approval by the AMF, i.e., until

--- Page 214 ---
214 
10 September 2025, provided that it shall be completed by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a 
material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by 
reference) in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. 
After such date, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement 
this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
(4) 
Listing and admission to trading of Notes 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and 
application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market in a 
Member State of the EEA. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such stock 
exchange as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
(5) 
No Material Adverse Change 
Except as disclosed in the documents incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of TotalEnergies SE on a 
consolidated basis since its last published audited financial statements, being 31 December 2023. 
Except as disclosed in the documents incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of TotalEnergies Capital since its 
last published audited financial statements, being 31 December 2023. 
Except as disclosed in the documents incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of TotalEnergies Capital 
International since its last published audited financial statements, being 31 December 2023. 
(6) 
Significant change in the financial performance of TotalEnergies 
Except as disclosed in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the 
financial performance of TotalEnergies since the end of the last financial period for which financial 
information has been published, being 30 June 2024. 
(7) 
Significant change in the Issuers’ financial position 
Except as disclosed in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, and except that on 10 September 2024, 
TotalEnergies SE guaranteed the issuance by TotalEnergies Capital of $750,000,000 principal amount of 
4.724% notes due 2034, $1,000,000,000 principal amount of 5.275% notes due 2054 and $1,250,000,000 
principal amount of 5.425% notes due 2064 pursuant to a public offering in the United States registered 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,  there has been no significant change in the financial 
position of TotalEnergies SE on a consolidated basis since the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published, being 30 June 2024. 
Except as disclosed in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, and except that on 10 September 2024, 
TotalEnergies Capital issued $750,000,000 principal amount of 4.724% notes due 2034, $1,000,000,000 
principal amount of 5.275% notes due 2054 and $1,250,000,000 principal amount of 5.425% notes due 
2064 pursuant to a public offering in the United States registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission, there has been no significant change in the financial position of TotalEnergies Capital since 
the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published, being 30 June 
2024.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Except as disclosed in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the 
financial position of TotalEnergies Capital International since the end of the last financial period for 
which financial information has been published, being 30 June 2024. 
(8) 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (including the information incorporated 
by reference), neither TotalEnergies SE nor any of its respective subsidiaries is or has been involved in 
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which TotalEnergies SE is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of TotalEnergies. 
TotalEnergies Capital is not, nor has been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which TotalEnergies Capital is 
aware) during the last 12 months preceding the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus which 
may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of 
TotalEnergies Capital. 
TotalEnergies Capital International is not, nor has been, involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
TotalEnergies Capital International is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of TotalEnergies Capital International. 
(9) 
Conditions for determining price and amount of Notes 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined at the time of the Notes to be issued under the Programme, before filing of the relevant Final 
Terms of each Tranche, by the relevant Issuer and the Dealer(s), based on the prevailing market 
conditions. 
(10) 
Yield of the Notes 
The yield in respect of the Notes is calculated on the basis of the issue price of the Notes and the rate of 
interest applicable to the Notes and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. It is not an indication 
of future yield. Being undated securities, there is no explicit yield to maturity for the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes. 
(11) 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuers will not provide any post issuance information, except if required by applicable laws and 
regulations. 
(12) 
Conflict of Interest 
To the best of the Issuers’ knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties of the 
Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the members of the Board of Directors towards the Issuers 
and any other obligations or private interests. 
(13) 
Ratings in connection with the Programme 
TotalEnergies SE is rated “A+” with stable outlook for long-term senior debt and “A-1” for short-term 
senior debt by S&P and “A1” with positive outlook for long-term senior debt and “Prime -1” for short-
term senior debt by Moody’s. The rating of any Tranche of Deeply Subordinated Notes will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International are not individually rated by both of the 
aforementioned rating agencies. As the Notes issued by each of TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies

--- Page 216 ---
216 
Capital International are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by TotalEnergies SE, the ratings 
below with respect to the Programme will apply thereto, unless the Final Terms provide otherwise. 
The Programme has been rated “A+” for long term senior debt, BBB+ for Deeply Subordinated Notes 
and “A-1” for short term senior debt by S&P and “A1” for long term senior debt, “A3” for Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and “Prime-1” for short term senior debt by Moody’s. The rating of any Tranche of 
Deeply Subordinated Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Tranches of Notes issued under 
the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Programme. 
As at the Date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, Moody’s and S&P are established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
(14) 
Suitability of retail investors in respect with the Notes 
Retail investors are only eligible to subscribe for Notes if they possess sufficient knowledge and 
experience to be considered sophisticated investors and have sufficient financial capacity and an 
appropriate investment horizon and risk tolerance. 
(15) 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including their parent companies) have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for the Issuers, and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The 
Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates may also lend to the Issuers and their affiliates, and such 
exposure may be hedged consistent with customary risk management policies involving the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of the Notes and other financial 
instruments of the Issuers and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
(16) 
Limitations under United States income tax laws 
Each Note having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(Q) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code”. 
(17) 
Statutory auditors of the Issuers 
The auditors of TotalEnergies SE are Ernst & Young Audit and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, of Tour 
First, 1, place des Saisons, TSA 14444, 92037 Paris-La-Défense Cedex and 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 
Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, respectively. They have audited and expressed unqualified opinions in the audit 
reports they have issued on the consolidated financial statements of TotalEnergies SE as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. They have expressed an unqualified conclusion 
in the review report they have issued on the half year financial information for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2024. The French auditors carry out their duties in accordance with the professional 
standards applicable in France (“Normes d’Exercice Professionnel”) and are members of the Compagnie 
Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (“CNCC”) professional body.  
The auditors of TotalEnergies Capital are Ernst & Young Audit, of Tour First, 1, place des Saisons, TSA 
14444, 92037 Paris-La-Défense Cedex. They have audited and expressed unqualified opinions in the 
audit reports they have issued on the financial statements of TotalEnergies Capital as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. They have expressed an unqualified conclusion in the 
review report they have issued on the half year financial information for the six-month period ended 30

--- Page 217 ---
217 
June 2024. The French auditors carry out their duties in accordance with the professional standards 
applicable in France (“Normes d’Exercice Professionnel”) and are members of the CNCC professional 
body. 
The auditors of TotalEnergies Capital International are Ernst & Young Audit, of Tour First, 1, place des 
Saisons, TSA 14444, 92037 Paris-La-Défense Cedex. They have audited and expressed unqualified 
opinions in the audit reports they have issued on the financial statements of TotalEnergies Capital 
International as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. They have 
expressed an unqualified conclusion in the review report they have issued on the half year financial 
information for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024. The French auditors carry out their duties in 
accordance with the professional standards applicable in France (“Normes d’Exercice Professionnel”) 
and are members of the CNCC professional body. 
(18) 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the administrator of any benchmark used as a reference under the 
Floating Rate Notes and whether or not such administrator appears on the above mentioned register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA. 
(19) 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named in the relevant 
Final Terms, as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, the Stabilisation Manager (s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager(s)) may 
not undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager (s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager (s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
(20) 
Clearing systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems and (where 
applicable) Euroclear France (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common 
Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification 
number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of Euroclear France is 10-12, place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France. 
The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(21) 
Availability of documents 
For so long as the Universal Registration Document that is incorporated by reference into this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus remains valid, the following documents will be available for inspection 
on 
the 
following 
pages 
on 
the 
website 
of 
TotalEnergies 
SE   
(www.totalenergies.com/investors/publications-and-regulated-information/other-
information/bondholders-information); 
https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/2022-04/Statuts-
TotalEnergies_FR.pdf);

--- Page 218 ---
218 
(i) 
the Statuts of TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International; 
(ii) 
any financial statements which are incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus from time to time; 
(iii) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Notes, the 
Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons and further includes the provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning of an Extraordinary Resolution), together with any supplement thereto; and 
(iv) 
the Deed of Covenant (which includes the Guarantee). 
Additionally, for so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the 
following documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and 
public holidays excepted) for inspection at the office of the Fiscal Agent and each of the Paying Agents: 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Notes, the 
Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons), together with any supplement thereto; 
(ii) 
the Deed of Covenant (which includes the Guarantee); 
(iii) 
the Statuts of TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International; 
(iv) 
the audited annual accounts for the two most recent financial years ended 31 December of 
TotalEnergies SE, TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies Capital International; 
(v) 
each Final Terms for Notes listed on a stock exchange; 
(vi) 
a copy of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, together with any Supplement to this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus or further Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus; and 
(vii) 
any financial statements which are incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus from time to time. 
Copies of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, any Supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus and any further Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus related to Notes admitted to trading 
and listed in Euronext Paris will be published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
(23) 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) Numbers 
The LEI for each Issuer under the Programme is set out below: 
TotalEnergies SE 
529900S21EQ1BO4ESM68 
TotalEnergies Capital 
529900QI55ZLJVCMPA71 
TotalEnergies Capital International 
549300U37G2I8G4RUG09 
(24) 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist by virtue of the terms of the Programme and related appointments 
and relationships.  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business, including holding of debt and equity 
securities of TotalEnergies, bank lending, provision of investment banking and other services to the 
Issuers and the Guarantor, as the case may be, and make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of securities or financial instruments of TotalEnergies. 
Dealers and/or their affiliates having a lending relationship with TotalEnergies may hedge their credit

--- Page 219 ---
219 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  
Additionally, the Issuers and/or the Guarantor, as the case may be, may from time to time be engaged in 
transactions involving an index or related derivatives. 
The relevant Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. While such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives. 
Finally, in certain other instances, the relevant Issuer itself may make determinations, including exercises 
of discretion, related to the Rate of Interest on a Tranche of Notes, including (as applicable): (i) requesting 
quotations from Reference Banks in respect of the Reference Rate in the event that the Relevant Screen 
Page or Fallback Screen Page is not available, (ii) determining the Reference Rate if EUR CMS is no 
longer published or fewer than five quotations are provided and/or (iii) if no Rate of Interest can be 
determined in accordance with the “2021 ISDA Definitions” or “2006 ISDA Definitions”, decide how to 
determine the Rate of Interest.  
(25) 
Issuers’ website 
The website of TotalEnergies is www.totalenergies.com and TotalEnergies Capital and TotalEnergies 
Capital International do not maintain their own separate websites; however, information regarding each 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
page 
www.totalenergies.com/investors/publications-and-regulated-
information/other-information/bondholders-information. The information on such website does not form 
part of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. The information on such website has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE DEBT ISSUANCE 
PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS 
To the best of TotalEnergies’ knowledge (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the 
information contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains 
no omission likely to affect its import and TotalEnergies accepts responsibility accordingly. 
TOTALENERGIES SE 
2, place Jean Millier, La Défense 6, 92400 Courbevoie, France 
Duly represented by: Gwénola Jan, Company Treasurer 
on 10 September 2024 
 
To the best of TotalEnergies Capital’s knowledge (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), 
the information contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains 
no omission likely to affect its import and TotalEnergies Capital accepts responsibility accordingly. 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL 
2, place Jean Millier, La Défense 6, 92400 Courbevoie, France 
Duly represented by: Gwénola Jan, Director  
on 10 September 2024 
 
To the best of TotalEnergies Capital International’s knowledge (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that 
such is the case), the information contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and TotalEnergies Capital International accepts 
responsibility accordingly. 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL 
2, place Jean Millier, La Défense 6, 92400 Courbevoie, France 
Duly represented by: Gwénola Jan, Director 
on 10 September 2024

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The AMF has approved this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuers and on the quality of the Notes 
described in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the 
opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been approved on 10 September 2024 and is valid until 10 
September 2025 and shall during this period, in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be 
completed by a supplement to the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus in the event of new material facts or 
substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been given the following 
approval number: 24-396. 
 
 
THE ISSUERS 
Registered Office of TOTALENERGIES SE 
2, place Jean Millier 
La Défense 6 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
Tel: +33(0) 1 47 44 60 00 
Registered Office of TOTALENERGIES 
CAPITAL 
2, place Jean Millier 
La Défense 6 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
Tel: +33(0) 1 47 44 60 00 
 
 
Registered Office of 
TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL 
2, place Jean Millier 
La Défense 6 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
Tel: +33 (0) 1 47 44 60 00 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC 
Head Office Building 
Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Street 
P. O. Box: 939 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia – 1st Floor 
28050, Madrid Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
55 boulevard Royal 
L – 2449 
Luxembourg  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51, rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60 329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm  
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix 24 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom  
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany  
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower One, 11th 
Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France  
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) 
GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London 
EC2N 4AA  
 
Scotiabank (Ireland) Designated 
Activity Company  
Three Park Place 
Hatch Street Upper 
Dublin 2 
D02 FX65 
Ireland 
 
 SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58,  
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage16  
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich  
Germany  
  
Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A. 
1-5, rue Paul Cézanne 
75008 Paris 
France  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
PARIS PAYING AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT 
 
 
 
 
Citibank Europe Plc 
21-25, rue Balzac 
75406 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
69 Route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO TOTALENERGIES 
 
 
 
Ernst & Young Audit 
Tour First  
1, place des Saisons, TSA 14444  
92037 Paris-La-Défense Cedex 
France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
922008 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL AND TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL 
INTERNATIONAL  
 
 
 
Ernst & Young Audit 
Tour First  
1, place des Saisons, TSA 14444  
92037 Paris-La-Défense Cedex  
France 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUERS 
 
 
 
as to French law 
Internal Legal Department 
TotalEnergies SE 
2, place Jean Millier 
La Défense 6 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
as to French and English law 
Latham & Watkins AARPI 
45, rue Saint Dominique 
75007 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
 
 
 
 
as to English and French law 
White & Case LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France  
as to Canadian law 
Stikeman Elliott (London) LLP 
Dauntsey House 
4B Frederick’s Place 
London EC2R 8AB 
United Kingdom